<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1747172_0001213900-23-019300.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13326912</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>247900</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1539764</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3620053</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2801348</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4744724</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019300.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310182503
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019300
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001747172
		IRS NUMBER:				830531326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01363
		FILM NUMBER:		23725160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		811 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-493-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		811 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180718

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019300.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_kayneand.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

As of March 9, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding and there was no public market for the registrant s shares. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Kayne Anderson
BDC, Inc. will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, not later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, a definitive proxy statement containing the information required to be disclosed under Part III of Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 51 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 53 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 
 64 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure 
 65 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 65 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 65 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 66 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 66 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 66 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Consolidated Financial Statements, and Schedules 
 67 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 68 

i 

PART I 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise specified, references to we, us, our, or the Company 
refer to Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, for the periods prior to its conversion to a Delaware corporation
and to Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc., a Delaware corporation for the periods after its conversion to a Delaware corporation described elsewhere
in this Form 10-K. We refer to KA Credit Advisors, LLC, our investment adviser, as our Advisor. The Advisor also
serves as our administrator (the Administrator ). We refer generally to Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P., an affiliate
of the Advisor, as Kayne Anderson. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements that involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Undue reliance should not
be placed on such statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections about the company, current and prospective portfolio investments, the industry, beliefs and assumptions. Words
such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, 
 continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, 
 should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors, some of which are beyond control of the Company and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including: 

future operating results; 

business prospects and the prospects of portfolio companies; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

the ability of KA Credit Advisors, LLC (our Advisor to locate suitable investments and to monitor and administer investments; 

the ability of the Advisor and its affiliates to attract and retain
 highly talented professionals; 

risk associated with possible disruptions in operations or the economy
 generally; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of the companies
 in which the Company invests; 

the dependence of the future success on the general economy and its
 effect on the industries in which the Company invests; 

the ability to maintain qualification as a business development company
 BDC and as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
 (the Code 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of the Company s
 investments; 

the adequacy, availability and pricing of financing sources and working
 capital for the Company; 

actual or potential conflicts of interest with the Advisor and its
 affiliates; 

contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the risk associated with an economic downturn, increased inflation, political instability, interest rate volatility, loss of key personnel, and the illiquid nature of investments of the Company; and 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors the Company identifies under
 Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We have based the forward-looking statements
included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report. We assume no obligation to update or revise publicly
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Although
we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures
that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form 10, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

1 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation to make
investments in middle-market companies and commenced operations on February 5, 2021. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management
investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we
intend to qualify, annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

We are managed by KA Credit Advisors, LLC
(the Advisor which is an indirect subsidiary of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. KACALP or Kayne
Anderson ). The Advisor is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment advisor under
the Investment Advisory Act of 1940, as amended. Subject to the overall supervision of the Company s board of directors (the Board ),
the Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential
investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring investments, determining the value of the investments and
monitoring its investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Board consists of seven directors, four of whom are independent. 

Investment Objective and Strategy 

Market Opportunity 

The universe of middle market companies consists
of nearly 200,000 potential borrowers that we believe will continue to require access to debt capital to refinance existing debt, support
growth and finance acquisitions. Together, these businesses represent approximately one-third of the U.S. private sector GDP making them
equivalent to the size of the third largest economy in the world on a standalone basis and employing approximately 48 million people. 

The U.S. middle market includes businesses held
under an array of ownership structures including publicly and privately held companies, those held in trusts, sole proprietorships, etc.
These businesses are also, broadly speaking, geographically diverse and span almost all industries. Middle market companies outperformed
through the financial crisis (i.e., the 2007 2010 period) by adding 2.2 million jobs across major industry sectors and U.S. geographies,
demonstrating their importance to the overall health of the U.S. economy. More than three-quarters of middle market companies demonstrated
revenue growth in 2021 as compared to the prior year, and while the COVID rebound was not as strong as the rebound exhibited by the S P
500 Index, the downturn also was not as severe. 

2 

Further, there is a large amount of uninvested capital held by private
equity funds focused on investing in middle market businesses. We expect these private equity firms will continue to pursue acquisitions
and to seek to fund a portion of these transactions with debt. 

We expect that a number of factors will continue
to drive strong demand for middle market senior credit, both by private equity owned and non-private equity owned companies, for the foreseeable
future, including: (i) primary market opportunities driven by a significant amount of unspent middle market private equity capital, (ii)
opportunities driven by a large need for the refinancing or restructuring of existing debt of healthy companies and (iii) supplemental
and growth capital opportunities. Meanwhile, the supply of capital to middle market borrowers is relatively constrained due to (i) a long-term
regulatory trend that has nearly eliminated bank participation in leveraged finance due to stricter federal leveraged lending guidelines,
(ii) consolidation of commercial banks over the last two decades, which has caused banks to abandon the middle market as they move up-market
to service larger clients, (iii) the continued up-market movement of select competitors that historically participated in middle market
financings and which now participate mostly in upper-middle market financings as target hold-sizes have increased and (iv) direct lending
increasing share relative to broadly syndicated deals and mezzanine financings. 

Further, current economic and geopolitical
concerns have created a market dislocation in certain segments of lending markets globally with a lack of available capital to finance
transaction activity. We believe this has created a substantial enhancement of the relative risk-reward profile for non-liquid private
credit markets as an asset class, particularly for managers with a track record of investing through potentially uncertain economic times. 

First, inflationary concerns in the United
States have led the U.S. Federal Reserve to substantially increase rates, which have driven an increase in reference rates (e.g., LIBOR
or SOFR) underpinning the pricing structure of floating rate securities from under 1.0 at year-end 2021 to over 4.50 (3-month SOFR)
as of December 2022. This increase in reference rates inures to the benefit of lenders, increasing returns to investors. 

Second, global economic considerations (e.g.,
the risk of a near-term recessionary environment) driven in part by (i) the aforementioned inflationary environment and the U.S. Federal
Reserve s response thereto, (ii) continued supply chain constraints globally and (iii) uncertainty associated with the Russian /
Ukrainian conflict have created an environment in which lending institutions broadly have moderated activity. Most of this pull back has
occurred in the upper-middle and large syndicated markets. Regardless, there has been a trickle-down effect of (a) increased opportunities
for middle-market lenders to participate in larger transactions at attractive terms and (b) a general shift toward more lender-friendly
terms inclusive of more conservative structures, increased economics and tightening of documentation. 

While uncertainty associated with each of
the above factors exists, we believe that, in the hands of a team with experience managing capital through multiple historical economic
cycles, today s climate represents an opportune time to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns relative to nearly any asset class.
In addition to commanding higher pricing, principally due to illiquidity, directly negotiated middle market financings generally provide
for more favorable terms to lenders than broadly syndicated loans, including more conservative leverage ratios, stronger covenants and
reporting packages, better call protection, and more restrictive change-of-control provisions. 

The credit investments that we hold in our portfolio generate what
we believe are attractive yields, make quarterly interest payments to holders and typically rank ahead of other debt instruments in the
borrower s capital structure. The vast majority of our credit investments are expected to be floating rate loans, providing a natural
hedge against inflation in a higher interest rate environment. As a result of Kayne Anderson s middle-market private credit team s
focus on lending at more conservative debt multiples than the broader market and to businesses that exhibit limited cyclicality, we believe
that operating results for the Company s portfolio investments will have minimal correlation to price changes in the broader equity
markets. This lack of correlation to the broader equity markets, combined with attractive yields on senior debt investments and downside
protection as a result of our secured middle-market loans seniority in such company s capital structure, are some of the
reasons we find private credit investments to be compelling for our portfolio. 

Competition 

We compete with a number of BDCs and investment funds (both public
and private), commercial and investments banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of
financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial and
marketing resources than we do. We believe we are able to compete with these entities primarily on the basis of the experience and contacts
of our management team, our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making processes, the investment terms we offer,
and our model of investing in companies participating in industries which we know well. 

We believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest
rates that will be lower than the rates that we offer. We do not seek to compete solely on the interest rates that we offer to potential
portfolio companies. For additional information concerning competitive risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Investment Advisor 

Our investment activities are managed by our
Advisor, an investment advisor that is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers
Act ), under an investment advisory agreement between us and the Advisor (the Investment Advisory Agreement ). Our
Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments,
analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on
an ongoing basis. While we do not have any employees, the Advisor and its affiliates have a team of approximately 41 investment professionals
who are primarily focused on private credit investments and liquid credit investments. The investment team is supported by a team of finance,
legal, compliance, operations and administrative professionals. 

The Advisor s investment committee has overall responsibility
for evaluating and approving the Company s investments, and its portfolio allocations, subject to the oversight of our Board of
Directors. The investment committee review process is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of the investment committee
members to the analysis and consideration of every investment. The investment committee currently consists of Terrence J. Quinn, Vice
Chairman of Kayne Anderson; Paul S. Blank, President and Chief Operating Officer of Kayne Anderson; James C. Baker, Jr., Co-Head of
Liquid Energy Infrastructure at Kayne Anderson; Douglas L. Goodwillie, Co-Head of Private Credit at Kayne Anderson; and Kenneth
B. Leonard, Co-Head of Private Credit at Kayne Anderson. The investment committee also determines appropriate investment sizing
and mandates ongoing monitoring requirements. Douglas L. Goodwillie and Kenneth B. Leonard, each a Co-Chief Investment Officer
of the Company, are jointly and primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company s portfolio. 

3 

In addition to reviewing investments, the
investment committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. The investment committee also reviews potential
transactions and deal flow on a regular basis. Members of the deal team are encouraged to share information and views on credit with
the committee early in their analysis. We believe this process improves the quality of the analysis and enables deal team members to
work more efficiently. 

The Administrator 

Our Advisor also serves as our administrator. Pursuant to an administration
agreement (the Administration Agreement ), our Administrator is responsible for providing or overseeing the performance of
our required administrative services and professional services rendered by others, which will include (but not limited to), accounting,
payment of our expenses, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, preparation and filing of our tax returns,
and preparation of financial reports provided to our stockholders and filed with the SEC. 

About Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors,
L.P. 

Founded in 1984, Kayne Anderson is a leading
alternative investment management firm which is registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act, focused on real estate, credit, infrastructure/energy,
renewables and growth capital. Kayne Anderson s investment philosophy is to pursue niches, with an emphasis on cash flow, where
its knowledge and sourcing advantages enable it to deliver above average, risk-adjusted investment returns. As responsible stewards of
capital, Kayne Anderson s investment philosophy extends to promoting responsible investment practices and sustainable business practices
to create long-term value for its investors. 

As of December 31, 2022, investment vehicles managed or advised
by Kayne Anderson had over 32 billion in assets under management for institutional investors, family offices, high net worth and
retail clients. Kayne Anderson has 335 professionals located across five offices across the U.S. The firm has approximately 140 investment
professionals, 41 of which are dedicated to credit investing. 

Kayne Anderson s credit platform operates
various fund vehicles that pursue investment opportunities across several investment strategies. As of December 31, 2022, the platform
managed over 9 billion in credit assets across three main strategies: 

middle-market private credit (targeting senior secured loans, unitranche
 loans and opportunistic credit investments), 

liquid credit (investing in broadly syndicated leveraged loans and
high yield bonds), and 

real estate private credit (targeting debt investments secured by real
 estate assets). 

This integrated and scaled platform combines
direct origination, strong fundamental credit analysis and relative-value perspective. 

Private Offerings 

We conduct private offerings of our Common
Stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). At the closing of any private offering, each investor will make a capital commitment (a Capital Commitment to purchase shares of our Common Stock Shares pursuant to a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement entered into with us. Investors will be required to fund drawdowns to purchase Shares up to the amount of their respective Capital Commitments
each time we deliver a notice to the investors. All purchases will generally be made pro rata in accordance with the investors 
Capital Commitments, at a per-Share price as determined by our Board of Directors as of a date that is immediately prior to
the date of the applicable drawdown. The per-Share price will be at least equal to net asset value, or NAV, per share in accordance
with the limitations under Section 23 of the 1940 Act. 

Following our initial closing of the private
offering on February 5, 2021 (the Initial Closing and prior to any Liquidity Event (as defined below), our investment
adviser may, in its sole discretion, permit additional closings of the private offering. A Liquidity Event is defined as
(a) an initial public offering of our Shares (the Initial Public Offering or the listing of our Shares on an exchange
(together with the Initial Public Offering, an Exchange Listing ), (b) the sale of the Company or (c) a disposition
of the Company s investments and distribution of the net proceeds (after repayment of borrowed funds or other forms of leverage)
to the Company s investors. 

Our initial private offering of Shares was
conducted in reliance on Regulation D under the Securities Act Regulation D ). Investors in our initial private offering
were required to be accredited investors as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act. The criteria required of Regulation
D may not apply to investors in subsequent offerings. 

We are targeting approximately 900 million in commitments, which
may be more or less than this amount (the Initial Capital Raise ), and we intend to complete this offering in 2023. Following
our Initial Closing, each investor was required to make purchases of Shares (each, a Catch-up Purchase on one
or more dates to be determined by us. The aggregate purchase amount of any Catch-up Purchase will be equal to an amount necessary
to ensure that, upon payment of the aggregate purchase amount, such investor will have contributed the same percentage of its Capital
Commitment to us as all investors whose subscriptions were accepted at previous closings. Catch-up Purchases will be made at
a per-Share price as determined by our Board of Directors prior to the date of the applicable drawdown, or such other date as
may be required to comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act. In order to more fairly allocate organizational expenses among all of our
stockholders, investors subscribing after the initial drawdown will be required to pay a price per Share above net asset value reflecting
a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the total amount of our organizational and other expenses. 

As of March 9, 2023, we had entered into subscription
agreements with investors for an aggregate capital commitment of 832.3 million to purchase shares of common stock 264.6 million is
undrawn). 

4 

We conducted the following private offerings
of our common stock associated with these subscription agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Capital call notice date 
 Common stock issue date 
 Common stock 
shares issued 
 Aggregate 
offering 
amount in millions) 
 
 January 13, 2022 
 January 24, 2022 
 4,191,292 
 68.6 
 
 July 12, 2022 
 July 22, 2022 
 7,666,830 
 125.0 
 
 October 20, 2022 
 October 31, 2022 
 1,485,844 
 24.6 
 
 November 28, 2022 
 December 9, 2022 
 2,961,068 
 50.0 
 
 Total common stock issued 
 
 16,305,034 
 268.2 

Commitment Period 

Upon the earlier of (a) December 31,
2024 or (b) an Exchange Listing (the Commitment Period ), investors will be released from any further obligation to
purchase additional Shares with respect to a Capital Commitment. If we have not otherwise completed an Exchange Listing by December
31, 2024, we may, subject to shareholder approval, extend the Commitment Period by an additional two years. During the Commitment Period,
no investor will be permitted to sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of its Shares or Capital Commitment unless we provide our
prior written consent and the transfer is otherwise made in accordance with applicable law. 

Once we have completed the Exchange Listing,
each investor will be released from any further obligation to purchase additional Shares with respect to a Capital Commitment. If we
have not otherwise completed an Exchange Listing and the Commitment Period has ended (including extensions, if any), each investor will
be released from any further obligation to purchase additional Shares with respect to a Capital Commitment, except to the extent necessary
to (a) pay our expenses, including management fees, any amounts that may become due under any borrowings or other financings or
similar obligations and any other liabilities, contingent or otherwise, in each case to the extent they relate to the Commitment Period,
(b) complete investments in any transactions for which there are binding written agreements as of the end of the Commitment Period
(including investments that are funded in phases), (c) fund follow-on investments made in existing portfolio companies that,
in the aggregate, do not exceed 20 of total commitments, (d) fund obligations under any guarantee or indemnity made by us during
the Commitment Period and/or (e) fund any defaulted commitments. 

As part of certain credit facilities, the
right to make capital calls of stockholders may be pledged as collateral to a lender, which will be able to call for capital contributions
upon the occurrence of an event of default under such credit facility. To the extent such an event of default does occur, stockholders
could therefore be required to fund any shortfall up to their remaining Capital Commitments, without regard to the underlying value of
their investment. 

Liquidity Event 

Our term is perpetual. However, we intend to seek an Exchange Listing
after we have substantially invested the proceeds from our Initial Capital Raise and as soon as market conditions warrant. If we have
not consummated an Exchange Listing or some other type of Liquidity Event by December 31, 2026, our Board of Directors (to the extent
consistent with its fiduciary duties and subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the 1940 Act) will
direct the Company to cease making new investments and will direct the Advisor to commence the orderly disposition of investments (the
 Wind Down Period ). The Company shall be allowed to make follow-on investments during the Wind Down Period if such
investments are approved by our Board of Directors, subject to the 20 limit that applies after the Commitment Period. Existing investments
will be disposed of in an orderly manner and the proceeds of such dispositions promptly distributed to the Company s investors or
used to satisfy any amounts owed under any borrowed funds or other forms of leverage (the Company Liquidation ). If any investments
made by the Company are also investments made by any other investment account managed by the Advisor or any affiliate of the Advisor,
such investments shall be disposed of at the same time and on the same terms as such other investment account. 

Shareholder Agreements 

We entered into several agreements (collectively, the Shareholder
Agreements with investors who participate in our private offering during our Initial Capital Raise (each an Initial Investor ).
The Initial Investors are granted the right to invest in our investment advisor. Upon completion of our Initial Capital Raise, we anticipate
that the initial investors will own approximately 34.5 of our investment advisor. 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

On February 5, 2021, we entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement
with our Advisor. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement with our Advisor, we will pay our Advisor a fee for investment advisory
and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. Our Advisor may, from time-to-time,
grant waivers on our obligations, including waivers of the base management fee and/or incentive fee, under the Investment Advisory Agreement.
The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party with 60 days written notice. On November 8, 2022, the Board
of Directors extended the term of the Investment Advisory Agreement until March 15, 2023. 

5 

Base Management Fee 

Prior to an Exchange Listing, the base management
fee is calculated at an annual rate of 0.90 of the fair market value of our investments including, in each case, assets purchased with
borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within
one year of purchase. After an Exchange Listing, the base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 of the
fair market value of our investments. However, following an Exchange Listing, if borrowed funds or other forms of leverage utilized to
finance our investments is greater than a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.0x, the base management fee will be 1.00 of
the fair market value of the portion of our investments financed with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage above a 1.0x debt-to-equity ratio. 

For services rendered under the Investment
Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears and calculated based on the average value, at the end of
the two most recently completed calendar quarters, of our fair market value of investments, including, in each case, assets purchased
with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing
within one year of purchase. Base management fees for any partial quarter are appropriately pro-rated. 

Incentive Fee 

We will also pay the
Advisor an incentive fee. The incentive fee will consist of two parts an incentive fee on income and an incentive fee on capital
gains. Described in more detail below, these components of the incentive fee will be largely independent of each other with the result
that one component may be payable even if the other is not. 

Incentive Fee on
Income 

The incentive fee based
on income (the income incentive fee is determined and paid quarterly in arrears in cash. Our quarterly pre-incentive fee
net investment income must exceed a preferred return of 1.50 of the our NAV at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter
(6.0 annualized but not compounded) (the Hurdle Amount in order for us to receive an income incentive fee. The income
incentive fee is calculated as follows: 

Prior to an Exchange Listing : 100 of our pre-incentive fee
 net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter in excess of 1.50 of our NAV at the end of the immediately
 preceding calendar quarter until the Advisor has received 10 of the total pre-incentive fee net income for that calendar quarter
 and, for pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 1.6667 , 10 of all remaining pre-incentive fee net
 investment income for that quarter. 

After an Exchange Listing : 100 of our pre-incentive fee
 net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter in excess of 1.50 of our NAV at the end of the immediately
 preceding calendar quarter until the Advisor has received 15 of the total pre-incentive fee net income for that calendar
 quarter and, for pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 1.7647 , 15 of all remaining pre-incentive fee
 net investment income for that quarter. 

The following are graphical
representations of the calculations of the income incentive fee: 

Quarterly Incentive
Fee on 

Pre-Incentive Fee
Net Investment Income 

Prior to an Exchange
Listing 

(expresse d
as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 0 
 1.50 
 1.6667 

Quarterly Incentive Fee 
 0 
 100 
 10 

Quarterly
Incentive Fee on 

Pre-Incentive Fee
Net Investment Income 

Subsequent
to an Exchange Listing 

(expressed
as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 0 
 1.50 
 1.7647 

Quarterly Incentive Fee 
 0 
 100 
 
 15 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income is defined as interest
income, dividend income and any other cash or non-cash income accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses
for the quarter, including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and distributions
paid on any issued and outstanding debt or preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee. Pre-incentive fee net investment
income does not include any expense support payments and/or any reimbursement by us of expense support payments, nor any realized capital
gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 

6 

Incentive Fee on
Capital Gains 

The incentive fee on
capital gains (the capital gains incentive fee will be calculated and payable in arrears in cash as follows: 

Prior to an Exchange Listing :
 10 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from formation through the earlier
 of (a) the day before an Exchange Listing, (b) upon consummation of a Liquidity Event or (c) upon
 the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, computed net of all realized capital losses and
 unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis. For the purpose of computing the capital gain
 incentive fee, the calculation methodology will look through derivative financial instruments or swaps
 as if we owned the reference assets directly. 

After an Exchange Listing : 15 of our realized capital gains,
 if any, on a cumulative basis from formation through the end of a given calendar year or upon termination of the Investment Advisory
 Agreement, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate
 amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. 

Payment of Incentive
Fees 

Prior to an Exchange
Listing, any incentive fees earned by the Advisor shall accrue as earned but only become payable in cash to the Advisor upon consummation
of an Exchange Listing. To the extent we do not complete an Exchange Listing, the incentive fees will be payable to the Advisor (a) upon
consummation of a sale of us or (b) once substantially all the proceeds from our Liquidation payable to our stockholders have been
distributed to such stockholders. 

Administration Agreement 

On February 5, 2021, we entered into an Administration Agreement
with our Advisor, which will serve as our Administrator and will provide or oversee the performance of our required administrative services
and professional services rendered by others, which will include (but not limited to), accounting, payment of our expenses, legal, compliance,
operations, technology and investor relations, preparation and filing of our tax returns, and preparation of financial reports provided
to our stockholders and filed with the SEC. On November 8, 2022, the Board of Directors extended the term of the Administration Agreement
until March 15, 2023. 

We reimburse the Administrator for its costs and expenses incurred
in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, which may include, after completion of our Exchange Listing, our allocable
portion of office facilities, overhead, and compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by our officers (while not currently
doing so, including our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer) and their respective staff who provide services to us. As
we reimburse the Administrator for its expenses, we will indirectly bear such cost. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by
either party with 60 days written notice. 

Our Administrator engaged U.S. Bank
Global Fund Services under a sub-administration agreement to assist the Administrator in performing certain of its
administrative duties. The Administrator may enter into additional sub-administration agreements with third-parties to perform other
administrative and professional services on behalf of the Administrator. 

Risk Management 

Broad Diversification. We
diversify our investments by company, asset type, investment size, industry and geography within the U.S. Furthermore, we must meet certain
diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the Diversification Tests ). See
 Item 1. Business Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations . 

Hedging. We may hedge
against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the
requirements of the 1940 Act and to applicable CFTC regulations. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in
interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of such changes with respect to our portfolio of investments.
The Advisor will claim relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator with respect to our operations, with
the result that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions.
Specifically, we will be subject to strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of
derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums
required to establish such positions do not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account
unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts we have entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of
such derivatives does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio. 

7 

Regulation as a Business Development Company 

General 

A BDC is a specialized investment vehicle
that elects to be regulated under the 1940 Act as an investment company but is generally subject to less onerous requirements than other
registered investment companies under a regime designed to encourage lending to U.S.-based small and mid-sized businesses.
Unlike many similar types of investment vehicles that are restricted to being private entities, the stock of a BDC is permitted to trade
in the public equity markets. BDCs are also eligible to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. A RIC typically
does not incur significant entity-level income taxes, because it is generally entitled to deduct distributions made to its stockholders. 

Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire
any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless,
at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories
of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving
 any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio
 company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company,
 or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the
 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) is organized
 under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) is not
 an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the
 BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the
 1940 Act; and 

(c) satisfies
 either of the following: 

(i) does
 not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has any class
 of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250 million market
 capitalization maximum; or 

(ii) is
 controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises a
 controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company,
 and, as a result, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio
 company. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company which
 we control. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from
 a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto,
 if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities,
 was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person
 in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the
 eligible portfolio company. 

(5) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect
 to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality
 debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

We may invest up to 30 of our portfolio
opportunistically in non-qualifying assets. 

8 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio
Companies 

In addition, a BDC must be organized and have
its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities
described in (1), (2), or (3) above under Regulation as a Business Development Company Qualifying Assets . 
However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the
issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance. However, when
the BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may
make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the
BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel
concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 

Temporary Investments 

Pending investment in other types of qualifying
assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality
debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments,
so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. 

Codes of Ethics 

We and our Advisor have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under
the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject
to the joint code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held
by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. In addition, we have adopted a code of ethics
applicable to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and senior financial officers pursuant to Section 406 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2022. You may review or download the codes of ethics from the SEC s Edgar database as part of our filings
under www.sec.gov, or by written request to the following: Chief Compliance Officer, Kayne Anderson, 811 Main Street, 14 th Floor,
Houston, TX 77002. 

9 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 

We make investments alongside certain entities and accounts advised
by our Advisor and its affiliates. Under the 1940 Act, we are prohibited from knowingly participating in certain joint transactions with
our affiliates without the prior approval of the independent directors and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. However, we generally
make investments alongside affiliated entities and accounts pursuant to exemptive relief granted by the SEC to us, our Advisor, and certain
of our affiliates on January 7, 2020. Pursuant to such exemptive relief, and subject to certain conditions, we are permitted to co-invest in
the same security with our affiliates in a manner that is consistent with our investment objective, investment strategy, regulatory consideration
and other relevant factors. If opportunities arise that would otherwise be appropriate for us and an affiliate to purchase different securities
in the same issuer, our Advisor will need to decide which account will proceed with such investment. Our Advisor s investment allocation
policy incorporates the conditions of exemptive relief to seek to ensure that investment opportunities are allocated in a manner that
is fair and equitable. 

We will be periodically examined by the SEC
for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

We are required to provide and maintain a
bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we will
be prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance,
bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

We and our Advisor have adopted and implemented
written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and will be required
to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate
a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on companies with a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act our principal
 executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic
 reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 under Regulation S-K under the Securities
 Act our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management
 must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and (once we cease to be
 an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, or if later, for the year following our first annual report required to be filed with
 the SEC as a public company) must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by
 its independent registered public accounting firm; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K under the Securities
 Act and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in
 our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the
 date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review
our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated under
such act. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take
actions necessary to ensure that we comply with that act in the future. 

JOBS Act 

We currently are and expect to remain an
 emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ), until the
earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary
 of an Exchange Listing occurs; 

the end of the fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues
 first exceed 1.07 billion; 

the date on which we have, during the prior three-year period, issued
 more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and 

the last day of a fiscal year in which we (1) have an aggregate
 worldwide market value of our Shares held by non-affiliates of 700 million or more, computed at the end of each fiscal
 year as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and (2) have been an Exchange Act reporting
 company for at least one year (and filed at least one annual report under the Exchange Act). 

10 

Under the JOBS Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank ), we are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting, until such time as we cease to be an emerging growth company and become an accelerated
filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. This may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies
can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have made an
irrevocable election not to take advantage of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards. We therefore are subject to the
same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Commodities Exchange Act 

The Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and the SEC have issued final rules establishing that certain swap transactions are subject to CFTC regulation.
Engaging in such swap transactions may cause us to fall within the definition of commodity pool under the Commodity Exchange
Act and related CFTC regulations. The Advisor will rely on an exclusion from the definition of a CPO under CFTC Rule 4.5 because of our
limited trading in commodity interests, and the Advisor will operate us as if we were not registered as a CPO, so that unlike a registered
CPO, with respect to us, the Advisor is not required to deliver a Disclosure Document or an Annual Report (as those terms are used in
the CFTC s rules) to shareholders. 

Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility
to our Advisor. A summary of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our Advisor are set forth below. These policies and procedures
will be reviewed periodically by our Advisor and, subsequent to our election to be regulated as a BDC, our non-interested directors,
and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of these Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures described below, we 
 our and us refers to our Advisor. 

An investment advisor registered under the
Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that we must
vote the Company s securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders. 

These policies and procedures for voting
proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers
Act. 

We will vote proxies relating to our portfolio
securities in what we believe to be the best interest of our stockholders. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of
interest, we will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our chief compliance officer any
potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote;
and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to
vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 

You may obtain information about how we voted
proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: KA Credit Advisors, LLC, 811 Main Street, 14th Floor, Houston, TX
77002, Attention: Chief Compliance Officer. 

Employees 

We do not have any employees. Our day-to-day investment
operations are managed by our Advisor and the Administrator. Any compensation paid for services relating to our financial reporting and
compliance functions will be paid by our Administrator, subject to reimbursement by us of an allocable portion of office facilities,
overhead, and compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by our officers (including our Chief Compliance Officer and
Chief Financial Officer) and their respective staff who provide services to us. As we reimburse the Administrator for its expenses, we
will indirectly bear such cost. 

Our Administrator engaged U.S. Bank Global
Fund Services under a sub-administration agreement to assist the Administrator in performing certain of its administrative
duties. The Administrator may enter into additional sub-administration agreements with third-parties to perform other administrative
and professional services on behalf of the Administrator. We will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without
profit to our Administrator. 

Privacy Principles 

We are committed to maintaining the privacy
of our investors and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you
understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information
with select other parties. 

We do not disclose any non-public personal
information about our stockholders or a former stockholder to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service
stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 

We restrict access to non-public personal
information about our stockholders to employees of our Advisor and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information.
We will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information of
our stockholders. 

11 

Reporting Obligations 

As a BDC, we make available on our website
(www.kaynebdc.com) our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. Shareholders
and the public may also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information on the operation of the SEC s
public reference room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090 or (800) SEC-0330. The reference
to our website and the SEC s website is an inactive textual reference only, and the information should not be considered a part
of this Form 10-K. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

The following discussion is a general summary
of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our Shares. This summary does not purport
to be a complete description of the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to such an investment. For example, we have not
described certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income
tax laws, including persons who hold our common stock as part of a straddle or hedging, integrated or constructive sale transaction,
stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, brokers or dealers
in securities, traders in securities that elect to mark-to-market their securities holdings, pension plans and trusts,
persons that have a functional currency (as defined in Section 985 of the Code) other than the U.S. dollar, U.S. expatriates, regulated
investment companies, real estate investment trusts, personal holding companies, persons who acquire an interest in the Company in connection
with the performance of services and financial institutions. Such persons should consult with their own tax advisers as to the U.S. federal
income tax consequences of an investment in our Shares, which may differ substantially from those described herein. This summary assumes
that investors hold our Shares as capital assets (within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code). 

The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury
regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K and
all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. We have not
sought and will not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, regarding any offering of our Shares. This summary
does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under
U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment
assets. For purposes of this discussion, references to dividends are to dividends within the meaning of the U.S. federal
income tax laws and associated regulations and may include amounts subject to treatment as a return of capital under section 19(a) of
the 1940 Act. A return of capital distribution is a return to stockholders of a portion of their original investment in the Company and
does not represent income or capital gains. 

A U.S. stockholder is a beneficial
owner of our Shares that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 

a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation
 regardless of its source; or 

a trust if either a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over
 its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions or the trust was in
 existence on August 20, 1996, was treated as a U.S. person prior to that date, and has made a valid election to be treated as
 a U.S. person. 

A non-U.S. stockholder is
a beneficial owner of our Shares that is neither a U.S. stockholder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If a partnership (including an entity treated
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally
depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor that is a partner in a partnership
that will hold Shares should consult its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of Shares. 

Tax matters are very complicated and the
tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our Shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage
investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements,
the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty, and
the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 

12 

Election to Be Taxed as a RIC 

We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC
under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary
income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things,
meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify
for RIC treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, dividends of an amount at least equal to the sum of
90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net
short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid,
and 90 of our net tax-exempt interest income, if any (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). Although not required
for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax imposed on RICs,
we must distribute to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year dividends of an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of
our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of the excess (if any)
of our realized capital gains over our realized capital losses, or capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses), generally
for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) the sum of any net ordinary income
plus capital gains net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no federal income
tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). 

Taxation as a RIC 

If we: 

qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 

then we will not be subject
 to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain, defined as net long-term
 capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses, we distribute to stockholders. As a RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal
 income tax at regular corporate rates on any net income or net capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) as dividends
 to our stockholders. 

In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act
 at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends,
 interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, or other income derived
 with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, or currencies, other income derived with respect to its business
 of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships 
 (partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or tradable on a secondary market, other than partnerships that
 derive 90 of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income) (the 90 Income Test and 

13 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable
 year: 

at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents,
 U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent
 more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities,
 other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as
 determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in the
 securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships. 

We may be required to recognize taxable income
in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules
as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued
with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation,
regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income
other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest and deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination
of the loan. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for
the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement,
even though we will not have received the corresponding cash amount. 

We may invest in partnerships, including
qualified publicly traded partnerships, which may result in our being subject to state, local or foreign income, franchise or other tax
liabilities. 

In addition, as a RIC, we are subject to
ordinary income and capital gain distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules for each calendar year (as discussed above).
If we do not meet the required distributions, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on the undistributed amount.
The failure to meet U.S. federal excise tax distribution requirements will not cause us to lose our RIC status. Although we currently
intend to make sufficient distributions each taxable year to satisfy the U.S. federal excise tax requirements, under certain circumstances,
we may choose to retain taxable income or capital gains in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year in an amount less
than what would trigger payments of federal income tax under Subchapter M of the Code. We may then be required to pay a 4 excise tax
on such income or capital gains. 

A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct
expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our deductible expenses in a given taxable year exceed our investment
company taxable income, we may incur a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net
operating losses to subsequent taxable years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its stockholders. In addition, deductible
expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC may not use any net capital losses
(that is, the excess of realized capital losses over realized capital gains) to offset its investment company taxable income, but may
carry forward such net capital losses, and use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. Due to these limits on deductibility
of expenses and net capital losses, we may for tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several taxable years that we are required
to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such taxable income is greater than the net income we actually earn during
those taxable years. 

14 

Any underwriting fees paid by us with respect
to our own stock are not deductible. We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash.
For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with PIK
interest or, in certain cases, with increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion
of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the
same taxable year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the taxable year of accrual,
we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we
will not have received any corresponding cash amount. Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we hold equity or debt instruments may
face financial difficulty that requires us to work out, modify, or otherwise restructure such equity or debt instruments. Any such restructuring
could, depending upon the terms of the restructuring, cause us to incur unusable or nondeductible losses or recognize future non-cash taxable income. 

Certain of our investment practices may be
subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) treat dividends that would otherwise
constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) treat dividends that would otherwise
be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction as ineligible for such treatment, (3) disallow, suspend or otherwise
limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (4) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term
capital gain or ordinary income, (5) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is
more limited), (6) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (7) adversely affect the time as
to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (8) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex
financial transactions and (9) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We intend
to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to mitigate the effect of these provisions and prevent our ability to
be subject to tax as a RIC. 

Gain or loss realized by us from warrants
acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such
gain or loss generally will be long term or short term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 

Although we do not presently expect to do
so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act,
we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding
unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Item 1. Business Regulation as a Business Development
Company Senior Securities and Indebtedness . Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution
requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification
as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise
Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 

Some of the income and fees that we may recognize,
such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our investments, income recognized in a work-out or restructuring
of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from an equity investment in an operating partnership, will not satisfy the 90 Income
Test. In order to manage the risk that such income and fees might disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test,
we may be required to recognize such income and fees indirectly through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal
income tax purposes (therefore, received amounts treated as dividends of such corporations). Such corporations will be required to pay
U.S. corporate income tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce our return on such income and fees. 

Failure to Qualify as a RIC 

If we were unable to qualify for treatment
as a RIC and are unable to cure the failure, for example, by disposing of certain investments quickly or raising additional capital to
prevent the loss of RIC status, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. The Code provides
some relief from RIC disqualification due to failures to comply with the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests, although there
may be additional taxes due in such cases. We cannot assure you that we would qualify for any such relief should we fail the 90 Income
Test or the Diversification Tests. 

Should failure occur, not only would all
our taxable income be subject to tax at regular corporate rates, we would not be able to deduct dividend distributions to
stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would
generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and
profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, certain corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim a dividends
received deduction with respect to such dividends and non-corporate stockholders would generally be able to
treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax.
Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the
extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If we fail to
qualify as a RIC, we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain
of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been
realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized
over the next five taxable years. 

The remainder of this discussion assumes
that we qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement for each taxable year. 

15 

Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 

Distributions by us generally are taxable
to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income (which
is, generally, our net ordinary income plus net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses) will be taxable as
ordinary income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested
in additional Shares. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders (including individuals)
are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations and if certain holding period requirements
are met, such distributions generally will be treated as qualified dividend income and generally eligible for a maximum U.S. federal
tax rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual stockholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts, and
if other applicable requirements are met, such distributions generally will be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction
to the extent such dividends have been paid by a U.S. corporation. In this regard, it is anticipated that distributions paid by us will
generally not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the preferential maximum U.S. federal tax rate
applicable to non-corporate stockholders as well as will not be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction. 

Distributions of our net capital gains (which
is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) properly reported by us as
 capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains (currently generally at a maximum
rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual stockholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts) in the case
of individuals, trusts or estates, regardless of the U.S. stockholder s holding period for his, her or its Shares and regardless
of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional Shares. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S.
stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s Shares and, after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero, will constitute
capital gains to such U.S. stockholder. Stockholders receiving dividends or distributions in the form of additional Shares purchased
in the market should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as receiving a distribution in an amount equal to the amount of
money that the stockholders receiving cash dividends or distributions will receive, and should have a cost basis in the shares received
equal to such amount. Stockholders receiving dividends in newly issued Shares will be treated as receiving a distribution equal to the
value of the shares received and should have a cost basis of such amount. 

Although we currently intend to distribute
any net capital gains at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our net capital gains but designate the
retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax on the retained amount,
each U.S. stockholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the
U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit or refund equal to their allocable share of the tax paid
on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. stockholder s
tax basis for their Shares. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained net capital gains at our regular corporate tax rate, and since
that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that individual
stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit or refund will exceed the tax they owe on the retained
net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s other U.S. federal income tax
obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds a stockholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. A stockholder that
is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a
U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. In order to utilize the deemed
distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant
taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 

16 

For purposes of determining (1) whether
the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any tax year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that tax
year, we may, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the following tax year as if it had been paid
during the tax year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. stockholder will still be treated as receiving the dividend in
the tax year in which the distribution is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar
year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following calendar
year, will be treated as if it had been received by our U.S. stockholders on December 31 of the calendar year in which the dividend
was declared. 

With respect to the reinvestment of dividends,
if a U.S. Shareholder owns Shares registered in its own name, the U.S. Shareholder will have all cash distributions automatically reinvested
in additional Shares unless the U.S. Shareholder opts out of the reinvestment of dividends by delivering a written notice to our dividend
paying agent prior to the record date of the next dividend or distribution. Any distributions reinvested will nevertheless remain taxable
to the U.S. Shareholder. The U.S. Shareholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional Shares purchased through the reinvestment
equal to the amount of the reinvested distribution. The additional Shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following
the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. Shareholder s account. 

If an investor purchases Shares shortly before
the record date of a distribution, the price of the Shares will include the value of the distribution and the investor will be subject
to tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of their investment. 

A stockholder generally will recognize taxable
gain or loss if the stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of their Shares. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally
will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder has held their Shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it would
be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of Shares held for six
months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed
capital gain deemed received, with respect to such Shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a disposition of
Shares may be disallowed if other Shares are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before
or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of Shares acquired will be increased to reflect the disallowed loss. 

In general, individual U.S. stockholders
are subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of either 15 or 20 (depending on whether the individual U.S. stockholder s
income exceeds certain threshold amounts) on their net capital gain, i.e., the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized
net short-term capital loss for a taxable year, including a long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our Shares. Such rate
is lower than the maximum federal income tax rate on ordinary taxable income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. stockholders
currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 rate also applied to ordinary income. Non-corporate stockholders incurring
net capital losses for a tax year (i.e., net capital losses in excess of net capital gains) generally may deduct up to 3,000 of such
losses against their ordinary income each tax year; any net capital losses of a non-corporate stockholder in excess
of 3,000 generally may be carried forward and used in subsequent tax years as provided in the Code. Corporate stockholders generally
may not deduct any net capital losses for a tax year, but may carry back such losses for three tax years or carry forward such losses
for five tax years. 

We will send to each of our U.S. stockholders,
as promptly as possible after the end of each calendar year, a notice detailing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts
includible in such U.S. stockholder s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain. In addition,
the U.S. federal tax status of each calendar year s distributions generally will be reported to the IRS. Distributions may also
be subject to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. stockholder s particular situation. Dividends distributed
by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction or the lower tax rates applicable to certain qualified dividends. 

Until and unless we are treated as a publicly offered regulated
investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) as a result of either (1) Shares and our preferred
stock collectively being held by at least 500 persons at all times during a taxable year, (2) our Shares being continuously offered
pursuant to a public offering (within the meaning of Section 4 of the Securities Act) or (3) Shares being treated as regularly
traded on an established securities market for any taxable year, for purposes of computing the taxable income of U.S. stockholders that
are individuals, trusts or estates, (1) our earnings will be computed without taking into account such U.S. stockholders allocable
shares of the management and incentive fees paid to our investment advisor and certain of our other expenses, (2) each such U.S.
stockholder will be treated as having received or accrued a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable
share of these fees and expenses for such taxable year, (3) each such U.S. stockholder will be treated as having paid or incurred
such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses for the calendar year and (4) each such U.S. stockholder s
allocable share of these fees and expenses may be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions by such U.S. stockholder. Miscellaneous
itemized deductions are generally not deductible by a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate through 2025 and beginning
in 2026 and deductible only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. stockholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds
2 of such U.S. stockholder s adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Miscellaneous itemized deductions are not
deductible at any time for purposes of the alternative minimum tax for individuals and will be subject an annual cap for income tax purposes
for individuals beginning in 2026. 

17 

Backup withholding, currently at a rate
of 24 , may be applicable to all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder (1) who fails to
furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding or
(2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend
income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number is his or her
social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s
U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such stockholder to a refund, provided that proper information is timely provided
to the IRS. 

If a U.S. stockholder recognizes a loss with
respect to Shares of 2 million or more for an individual stockholder or 10 million or more for a corporate stockholder, the
stockholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct stockholders of portfolio securities are in many cases
exempted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, stockholders of a RIC are not exempted. The fact that a loss is
reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s treatment of the loss is proper.
U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their specific circumstances. 

A U.S. Shareholder that is a tax-exempt organization
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and therefore generally exempt from U.S. federal income taxation may nevertheless be subject to taxation
to the extent that it is considered to derive unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). The direct conduct by a tax-exempt
U.S. Shareholder of the activities we propose to conduct could give rise to UBTI. However, a BDC (and RIC) is a corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed to its shareholders for purposes of determining their
treatment under current law. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder generally should not be subject to U.S. taxation solely as a result
of the shareholder s ownership of our Shares and receipt of dividends with respect to such common stock. Moreover, under current
law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness will not be attributed to a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S.
Shareholder should not be treated as earning income from debt-financed property and dividends we pay should not be treated
as unrelated debt-financed income solely as a result of indebtedness that we incur. Legislation has been introduced in Congress
in the past, and may be introduced again in the future, which would change the treatment of blocker investment vehicles
interposed between tax-exempt investors and non-qualifying investments if enacted. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted
and applied to BDCs (and RICs), the treatment of dividends payable to tax-exempt investors could be adversely affected. In addition, special
rules would apply if we were to invest in certain real estate mortgage investment conduits, which we do not currently plan to do, that
could result in a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder recognizing income that would be treated as UBTI. 

An additional 3.8 federal tax is imposed
on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received from us and net gains from redemptions
or other taxable dispositions of our shares) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent that such person s modified
adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income (in the case of an estate or trust)
exceed certain threshold amounts. 

Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 

The following discussion only applies to certain
non-U.S. stockholders. Whether an investment in the Shares is appropriate for a non-U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person s
particular circumstances. An investment in the Shares by a non-U.S. stockholder may have adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. stockholders
should consult their tax advisors before investing in our Shares. 

Subject to the discussion below, distributions
of our investment company taxable income to non-U.S. stockholders (including interest income, net short-term capital gain
or foreign-source dividend and interest income, which generally would be free of withholding if paid to non-U.S. stockholders directly)
will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our
current and accumulated earnings and profits unless the distributions are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the non-U.S.
stockholder (and, if treaty applies, are attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment of the non-U.S. stockholder), in which case the
distributions will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. In that case, we will not
be required to withhold U.S. federal tax if the non-U.S. stockholder complies with applicable certification and disclosure requirements
such as providing IRS Form W-8ECI). Special certification requirements apply to a non-U.S. stockholder that is a foreign partnership or
a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 

18 

Certain properly reported dividends received
by a non-U.S. stockholder generally are exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax when they (1) are paid in respect of our qualified
net interest income (generally, our U.S. source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations
of a corporation or partnership in which we are at least a 10 stockholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such income), or
(2) are paid in connection with our qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of our net short-term capital
gain over our long-term capital loss for a tax year) as well as if certain other requirements are satisfied. Nevertheless, it should be
noted that in the case of shares of our stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary may have withheld U.S. federal income tax
even if we reported the payment as an interest-related dividend or short-term capital gain dividend. Moreover, depending on the circumstances,
we may report all, some or none of our potentially eligible dividends as derived from such qualified net interest income or as qualified
short-term capital gains, or treat such dividends, in whole or in part, as ineligible for this exemption from withholding. 

Actual or deemed distributions of our net
capital gains to a non-U.S. stockholder, and gains realized by a non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale of our Shares, will not be subject
to U.S. federal withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the distributions or gains, as the
case may be, are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the non-U.S. stockholder and, if an income tax treaty applies,
are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the non-U.S. stockholder in the United States or, in the case of an individual
non-U.S. stockholder, the stockholder is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the year of the sale or capital gain
dividend and certain other conditions are met. 

If we distribute our net capital gains in
the form of deemed rather than actual distributions (which we may do in the future), a non-U.S. stockholder will be entitled to a U.S.
federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains deemed
to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and
file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the non-U.S. stockholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification
number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. For a corporate non-U.S. stockholder, distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains
realized upon the sale of our Shares that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business may, under certain circumstances, be
subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). 

A non-U.S. stockholder who is a non-resident
alien individual, and who is otherwise subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax, may be subject to information reporting and
backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends unless the non-U.S. stockholder provides us or the dividend paying agent with
a U.S. nonresident withholding tax certification (e.g., an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or an acceptable substitute form) or otherwise
meets documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-U.S. stockholder or otherwise establishes an exemption from
backup withholding. 

Withholding of U.S. tax (at a 30 rate) is
required by the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, provisions of the Code with respect to payments of dividends made to certain non-U.S. entities that
fail to comply (or be deemed compliant) with extensive new reporting and withholding requirements designed to inform the U.S. Department
of the Treasury of U.S.-owned foreign investment accounts. Under proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, which may be relied upon until final
U.S. Treasury regulations are published, there is no FATCA withholding on gross proceeds from the sale of disposition of Shares or on
certain capital gain distributions. Stockholders may be requested to provide additional information to enable the applicable withholding
agent to determine whether withholding is required. 

An investment in shares by a non-U.S. person may
also be subject to U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. persons should consult their own tax advisors with respect to
the U.S. federal income tax, U.S. federal estate tax, withholding tax, and state, local and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, owning
or disposing of our Shares. 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The headquarters of KA Credit Advisors, LLC is located at 811 Main
Street, 14 th Floor, Houston, TX 77002. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Neither we nor our Advisor is currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us, or against our Advisor. 

From time to time, we, or our Advisor, may
be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our
rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty,
we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

From time to time we are involved in various
legal proceedings, lawsuits and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation,
which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

51 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Until the completion of an Exchange Listing,
if any, our outstanding Shares will be offered and sold in private offerings exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2)
and Regulation D. There is no public market for our Shares currently, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop. 

Because Shares are being acquired by investors
in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are restricted securities and may be required
to be held indefinitely. Our Shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) our consent
is granted, and (ii) the Shares are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which
case the stockholder may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to us, that
registration is not required). Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk of investment in the Shares until we
are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Shares may be made
except by registration of the transfer on our books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by
these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the Shares and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably
required by us. 

Holders 

Please see Part III Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for disclosure regarding the
holders. 

As of March 9, 2023, we had 403 holders of
record of our common stock. 

Distributions 

The following table reflects the distributions
declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts). 

Date Declared 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Dividend per Share 
 Total Dividend 
 
 April 19, 2022 
 April 20, 2022 
 April 26, 2022 
 0.26 
 6,103 
 
 July 19, 2022 
 July 20, 2022 
 July 27, 2022 
 0.30 
 7,065 
 
 October 18, 2022 
 October 13, 2022 
 October 25, 2022 
 0.35 
 10,957 
 
 December 16, 2022 
 December 29, 2022 
 January 13, 2023 
 0.43 
 15,428 

1.34 
 39,553 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

The following table summarizes the amounts received and shares of common
stock issued to shareholders pursuant to our dividend reinvestment plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands,
except per share amounts). 

Dividend record date 
 Dividend payment date 
 DRIP shares issued 
 DRIP value 
 
 December 29, 2021 
 January 18, 2022 
 55,590 
 902 
 
 April 20, 2022 
 April 26, 2022 
 75,270 
 1,222 
 
 July 20, 2022 
 July 27, 2022 
 88,081 
 1,431 
 
 October 13, 2022 
 October 25, 2022 
 127,414 
 2,087 

346,355 
 5,642 

For the dividend declared on December 16, 2022 and paid on January
13, 2023, there were 57,860 shares issued with a DRIP value of 955. These shares are excluded from the table above, as the DRIP shares
were issued after December 31, 2022. 

All of the dividends declared during the year ended December 31, 2022
were derived from ordinary income, determined on a tax basis. 

52 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

As set forth in the table below (dollars in
thousands, except per share amounts), during the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 16,305,034 shares of common stock at
an aggregate offering amount of approximately 268.2 million. The issuance of the shares of common stock was exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof and previously reported by us
on our current reports on Form 8-K. 

Common stock issue date 
 Offering price per share 
 Common stock shares issued 
 Aggregate offering amount 
 
 January 24, 2022 
 16.36 
 4,191,292 
 68,582 
 
 July 22, 2022 
 16.30 
 7,666,830 
 125,000 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 16.58 
 1,485,844 
 24,636 
 
 December 9, 2022 
 16.89 
 2,961,068 
 50,000 
 
 Total common stock issued 
 
 16,305,034 
 268,218 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

The selected financial data previously required
by Item 301 of Regulation S-K has been omitted in reliance on SEC Release No. 33-10890, Management s Discussion and Analysis, Selected
Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview and Investment Framework 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. was formed as a Delaware
corporation to make investments in middle-market companies and commenced operations on February 5, 2021. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management
investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we
intend to qualify, annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

We are managed by KA Credit Advisors, LLC (the Advisor which is an indirect subsidiary of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. KACALP or Kayne Anderson ). The Advisor
is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisory Act
of 1940. Subject to the overall supervision of the Company s board of directors (the Board ), the Advisor is responsible
for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment
opportunities, negotiating and structuring investments, determining the value of the investments and monitoring its investments and portfolio
companies on an ongoing basis. The Board consists of seven directors, four of whom are independent. 

53 

Our investment objective is to generate current
income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through debt investments in middle-market companies. We define middle-market
companies as U.S.-based companies that, in general, generate between 10 million and 150 million of annual earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA. We refer to companies that generate between 10 million and 50 million
of annual EBITDA as core middle-market companies and companies that generate between 50 million and 150 million
of annual EBITDA as upper middle-market companies. 

We intend to achieve our investment objective
by investing primarily in first lien senior secured, unitranche and split-lien loans (collectively, secured middle market loans to privately held middle-market companies. Similar to first lien senior secured loans, unitranche loans typically have a first lien on
all assets of the borrower, but provide leverage at levels similar to a combination of first lien and second lien and/or subordinated
loans. Split-lien loans are loans that otherwise satisfy the criteria of a first lien loan but which have been structured with a credit
facility that is senior in right of payment with respect to working capital assets of the borrower and a term loan that is collateralized
by all other assets of the borrower. Depending on market conditions, we expect that at least 90 of our portfolio (including investments
purchased with proceeds from borrowings) will be invested in secured middle market loans. It is anticipated that most of these investments
will be in core middle market companies, with the remainder in upper middle market companies. The remaining 10 of our portfolio may be
invested in higher-returning investments, including, but not limited to, equity securities purchased in conjunction with secured middle
market loans and other opportunistic investments (collectively Opportunistic Investments ), including junior debt, real estate
debt and infrastructure credit investments. We expect that the secured middle market loans we invest in will generally have stated maturities
of no more than six years. 

We intend to execute on our investment objective
by (1) accessing the established loan sourcing channels developed by Kayne Anderson s middle market private credit team, which
includes an extensive network of private equity firms, other middle-market lenders, financial advisors and intermediaries, and management
teams, (2) selecting investments within our middle-market company focus, (3) implementing Kayne Anderson s middle market
private credit team s proven underwriting process, and (4) drawing upon the experience and resources of our Advisor s
investment team and the broader Kayne Anderson network. 

We believe our Advisor s disciplined approach to origination,
credit analysis, portfolio construction and risk management should allow us to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns while preserving
investor capital. We anticipate the portfolio will be comprised of a broad mix of loans, with diversity among investment size, industry
focus and geography. The Advisor s team of professionals will conduct in-depth due diligence on prospective investments during the
underwriting process and will be heavily involved in structuring the credit terms of each investment. Once an investment has been made,
our Advisor will closely monitor portfolio investments and take a proactive approach identifying and addressing sector or company specific
risks. The Advisor maintains a regular dialogue with portfolio company management teams (as well as their financial sponsors, where applicable),
reviews detailed operating and financial results on a regular basis (typically monthly or quarterly) and monitors current and projected
liquidity needs, in addition to other portfolio management activities. 

Recent Developments 

On January 24, 2023, our
Board of Directors (the Board elected James Jim Robo as the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Robo will serve
as an interested director for us until he stands for re-election at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

On March 7, 2023, our Board declared a distribution of 0.47 per share
to each common stockholder of record as of March 31, 2023. The distribution will be paid on April 14, 2023. 

As of March 9, 2023, we have subscription agreements with investors
for an aggregate capital commitment of 832,342 to purchase shares of common stock 264,612 of the commitments are undrawn). 

54 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 164 debt investments and 13 equity
investments in 67 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately 1,165 million and an amortized cost of 1,148 million
consisting of first lien senior secured debt 1,158 million fair value) and equity 7.1 million fair value) investments. 

Listed below are our top ten portfolio companies and industries represented as a percentage of total long-term investments as of December
31, 2022: 

Portfolio Company 
 Industry 
 Fair Value in millions) 
 Percentage of long-term investments 
 
 1 
 AIDC Intermediate Co 2, LLC (Peak Technologies) 
 Software 
 35.0 
 3.0 
 
 2 
 Genuine Cable Group, LLC 
 Trading companies distributors 
 34.5 
 3.0 
 
 3 
 American Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 
 Textiles, apparel luxury goods 
 33.3 
 2.9 
 
 4 
 American Equipment Holdings LLC 
 Commercial services supplies 
 32.1 
 2.8 
 
 5 
 CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 
 Trading companies distributors 
 31.6 
 2.7 
 
 6 
 BR PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 
 Food products 
 29.9 
 2.6 
 
 7 
 Guardian Dentistry Partners 
 Health care providers services 
 29.8 
 2.6 
 
 8 
 IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) 
 Food products 
 29.6 
 2.5 
 
 9 
 Centerline Communications, LLC 
 Wireless telecommunication services 
 29.4 
 2.5 
 
 10 
 Light Wave Dental Management LLC 
 Health care providers services 
 29.3 
 2.5 

As of December 31, 2022, our weighted average
total yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at fair value was 11.4 , and our weighted average total yield to
maturity of debt and income producing securities at amortized cost was 11.6 . 

Our investment activity for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below (information presented herein is at par value unless otherwise indicated). 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 in millions) 
 2021 in millions) 

New investments: 

Gross new investments commitments 
 771.1 
 770.7 
 
 Less: investment commitments sold down, exited or repaid (1) 
 (125.9 
 (94.9 
 
 Net investment commitments 
 645.2 
 675.8 

Principal amount of investments funded: 

Private credit investments 
 714.1 
 640.9 
 
 Liquid credit investments 
 - 
 20.9 
 
 Preferred equity investments (2) 
 1.2 
 - 
 
 Common equity investments (2) 
 4.8 
 - 
 
 Total principal amount of investments funded 
 720.1 
 661.8 

Principal amount of investments sold: 

Private credit investments 
 (126.4 
 (74.0 
 
 Liquid credit investments 
 - 
 (20.9 
 
 Total principal amount of investments sold or repaid 
 (126.4 
 (94.9 

Number of new investment commitments 
 85 
 115 
 
 Average new investment commitment amount 
 9.1 
 6.7 
 
 Weighted average maturity for new investment commitments (3) 
 4.1 years 
 4.3 years 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at floating rates 
 99.1 
 100.0 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at fixed rates 
 0.9 
 0.0 
 
 Weighted average interest rate of new investment commitments (4) 
 10.8 
 7.0 
 
 Weighted average spread over benchmark rate of new floating rate investment commitments (4) 
 6.6 
 6.0 
 
 Weighted average interest rate on investment sold or paid down (5) 
 9.4 
 6.4 

(1) Does not include repayments on revolving loans, which may be redrawn. 
 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, preferred equity investments and common equity investments were reported as equity investments. 
 
 (3) For undrawn delayed draw term loans, the maturity date used is that of the associated term loan. 
 
 (4) Based on the rate in effect at December 31, 2022 per our Consolidated Schedule of Investments for new commitments entered into during the year. 
 
 (5) Based on the underlying rate if still held at December 31, 2022. For those investments sold or paid down in full during the year, based on the rate in effect at the time of sale or paid down. 

55 

Beginning
with the three months ended March 31, 2022, we use Global Industry Classification Standards (GICS), Level 3 Industry, for classifying
the industry groupings of its portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2021, we used GICS, Level 2 Industry Group. 

The table below describes long-term investments
by industry composition based on fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 
2022 

Trading companies distributors 

12.9 

Commercial services supplies 

11.9 

Food products 

10.9 

Health care providers services 

9.8 

Professional services 

5.5 

Containers packaging 

4.5 

Aerospace defense 

4.1 

Textiles, apparel luxury goods 

4.1 

IT services 

3.9 

Building products 

3.4 

Software 

3.0 

Chemicals 

2.9 

Diversified telecommunication services 

2.6 

Wireless telecommunication services 

2.5 

Leisure products 

2.3 

Auto components 

2.3 

Machinery 

2.2 

Household durables 

1.8 

Healthcare equipment supplies 

1.8 

Personal products 

1.7 

Household products 

1.6 

Insurance 

1.3 

Biotechnology 

1.0 

Specialty retail 

0.7 

Pharmaceuticals 

0.6 

Asset management custody banks 

0.4 

Electronic equipment, instruments components 

0.3 

Total 

100.0 

December 31, 
2021 

Commercial professional services 
 19.6 
 
 Capital goods 
 19.5 
 
 Consumer durables apparel 
 15.8 
 
 Telecommunication services 
 8.8 
 
 Health care equipment services 
 8.5 
 
 Household personal products 
 7.4 
 
 Materials 
 7.0 
 
 Automobiles components 
 4.1 
 
 Food beverage 
 2.9 
 
 Software services 
 2.4 
 
 Retailing 
 1.6 
 
 Pharmaceuticals, biotech life sciences 
 1.5 
 
 Diversified financials 
 0.9 
 
 Total 
 100.0 

56 

Results of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, our total investment income was derived from our portfolio of investments. All debt investments were income producing, and there
were no loans on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The following table represents the operating
results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the years ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

in millions) 

Total investment income 

74.8 

18.8 

Less: Net expenses 

34.6 

8.6 

Net investment income 

40.2 

10.2 

Net realized gains (losses) on investments 

0.1 

0.3 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

5.5 

11.8 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

45.8 

22.3 

Investment Income 

Investment income for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 74.8 million and 18.8 million, respectively, and consisted primarily of interest income on our debt investments. 

Expenses 

Operating expenses for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 

For the years ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

in millions) 
 in millions) 
 
 Interest and debt financing expenses 
 20.3 
 4.4 
 
 Management fees 
 7.1 
 2.1 
 
 Incentive fees 
 4.7 
 0.1 
 
 Directors fees 
 0.5 
 0.3 
 
 Initial organization 
 - 
 0.2 
 
 Deferred offering costs 
 - 
 0.2 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 2.0 
 1.3 
 
 Total expenses 
 34.6 
 8.6 

Total expenses for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 included zero and 0.2 million of initial organization expenses, respectively, and 0.03 million and 0.2 million of
deferred offering costs, respectively. 

Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments 

We fair value our portfolio investments quarterly
and any changes in fair value are recorded as unrealized gains or losses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net unrealized
gains (losses) on our investment portfolio were comprised of the following: 

For the years ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

in millions) 

Unrealized gains on investments 

15.1 

11.8 

Unrealized (losses) on investments 

(9.6) 

- 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

5.5 

11.8 

57 

The change in unrealized appreciation for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 15.1 million and 11.8 million, respectively, which primarily related to our investments
in the following tables: 

For the 
year ended 

December 31, 
2022 

in millions) 

Portfolio Company 

AIDC Intermediate Co 2, LLC (Peak Technologies) 

1.0 

American Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 

1.0 

BC CS 2, L.P. (Cuisine Solutions) 

0.9 

IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) 

0.8 

CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 

0.8 

BR PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 

0.8 

DISA Holdings Corp. (DISA) 

0.7 

Genuine Cable Group, LLC 

0.7 

LSL Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) 

0.7 

Gulf Pacific Holdings, LLC 

0.6 

FCA, LLC (FCA Packaging) 

0.6 

Improving Acquisition LLC 

0.5 

Basel U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. (IAC) 

0.5 

Domain Information Services Inc. (Integris) 

0.5 

Allcat Claims Service, LLC 

0.5 

Universal Marine Medical Supply International, LLC (Unimed) 

0.4 

Fastener Distribution Holdings, LLC 

0.4 

BCDI Meteor Acquisition, LLC (Meteor) 

0.4 

Drew Foam Companies, Inc. 

0.4 

Alcami Corporation (Alcami) 

0.4 

PVI Holdings, Inc 

0.4 

BLP Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting Products) 

0.2 

Light Wave Dental Management LLC 

0.2 

Other portfolio companies 

1.7 

Total Unrealized Appreciation 

15.1 

58 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2021 

in millions) 
 
 Portfolio Company 

Eastern Wholesale Fence 
 0.6 
 
 4 Over International, LLC 
 0.6 
 
 USALCO, LLC 
 0.5 
 
 Corbett Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 0.5 
 
 Arborworks Acquisition LLC 
 0.5 
 
 American Equipment Holdings LLC 
 0.5 
 
 Curio Brands, LLC 
 0.5 
 
 EIS Legacy, LLC 
 0.5 
 
 CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 
 0.5 
 
 Centerline Communications, LLC 
 0.4 
 
 Home Brands Group Holdings, Inc. (ReBath) 
 0.4 
 
 SGA Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 
 0.4 
 
 Guardian Dentistry Partners 
 0.4 
 
 Sundance Holdings Group, LLC 
 0.4 
 
 PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 0.4 
 
 Siegel Egg Co., LLC 
 0.3 
 
 Vehicle Accessories, Inc. 
 0.3 
 
 BCI Burke Holding Corp. 
 0.3 
 
 Broder Bros, Co. 
 0.3 
 
 United Safety Survivability Corporation (USSC) 
 0.3 
 
 Other portfolio companies 
 3.2 
 
 Total Unrealized Appreciation 
 11.8 

The change in unrealized depreciation for the year ended December 31,
2022 total 9.6 million, which primarily related to our investments in the following table. There was no change in unrealized depreciation
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2022 

in millions) 
 
 Portfolio Company 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC 
 (2.9 
 
 Trademark Global LLC 
 (1.0 
 
 PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 (0.5 
 
 Curio Brands, LLC 
 (0.5 
 
 4 Over International, LLC 
 (0.4 
 
 Pavion Corp., f/k/a Corbett Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 (0.4 
 
 MacNeill Pride Group 
 (0.3 
 
 USALCO, LLC 
 (0.3 
 
 DRS Holdings III, Inc. (Dr. Scholl s) 
 (0.3 
 
 Sundance Holdings Group, LLC 
 (0.2 
 
 Other portfolio companies 
 (2.8 
 
 Total Unrealized Depreciation 
 (9.6 

59 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Our liquidity and capital resources are generated
primarily from the net proceeds of any offering of our Shares, proceeds from borrowing on our credit facilities and from cash flows from
interest and fees earned from our investments and principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. Our primary use of
cash will be investments in portfolio companies, payments of our expenses, repayments of borrowed amounts and payment of cash distributions
to our stockholders. 

In accordance with the 1940 Act, we are required to meet a coverage
ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total borrowings and other senior securities (and any preferred
stock that we may issue in the future) of at least 150 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we cannot incur additional leverage and could
be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some leverage when it is disadvantageous to do so. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, our asset coverage ratios were 203 and 217 . We currently intend to target asset coverage of 200 to 180 (which equates to a debt-to-equity ratio of
1.0x to 1.25x) but may alter this target based on market conditions. 

Over the next twelve months, we expect that
cash and cash equivalents, taken together with our undrawn capital commitments and available capacity under our credit facilities, will
be sufficient to conduct anticipated investment activities. Beyond twelve months, we expect that our cash and liquidity needs will continue
to be met by cash generated from our ongoing operations as well as financing activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 577 million
borrowed under our credit facilities and cash and cash equivalents of 18.4 million (including short-term investments). As of March 9,
2023, we had 644 million borrowed under our credit facilities and cash and cash equivalents of 11.6 million (including short-term investments). 

Capital Contributions 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we issued and sold 16,305,034 and 19,132,622 shares of our common stock, respectively, related to capital called at an aggregate
purchase price of 268.2 million and 299.5 million, respectively. As of March 9, 2023, we had aggregate capital commitments of 832.3
million. As of March 9, 2023, we had undrawn capital commitments of 264.6 million from investors 567.7 million or 68.2 funded). 

Credit Facilities 

Corporate Credit Facility : As of December
31, 2022, we are party to a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Corporate Credit Facility ), that has a total commitment
of 400 million. The facility s commitment termination date and the final maturity date are February 18, 2026 and February 18, 2027,
respectively. The Corporate Credit Facility also provides for a feature that allows us, under certain circumstances, to increase the overall
size of the Corporate Credit Facility to a maximum of 550 million. The interest rate on the Corporate Credit Facility is equal to Term
SOFR (a forward-looking rate based on SOFR futures) plus an applicable spread of 2.35 per annum or an alternate base rate 
(as defined in the agreements governing the Corporate Credit Facility) plus an applicable spread of 1.25 . We are also required to pay
a commitment fee of 0.375 per annum on any unused portion of the Corporate Credit Facility. 

Revolving Funding Facility: As of December 31, 2022, we and
our wholly owned, special purpose financing subsidiary, Kayne Anderson BDC Financing, LLC KABDCF ), are party to a senior
secured revolving funding facility (the Revolving Funding Facility ), that has a total commitment of 350 million. The Revolving
Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by, and the membership interest in, KABDCF. The end of the reinvestment period
and the stated maturity date for the Revolving Funding Facility are February 18, 2025 and February 18, 2027, respectively. The interest
rate on the Revolving Funding Facility is equal to daily SOFR plus 2.75 per annum. KABDCF is also required to pay a commitment fee of
between 0.50 and 1.50 per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the Revolving Funding Facility. 

Subscription Credit Agreement: As of December 31, 2022, we
are party to a senior secured revolving credit agreement that includes a capital call facility (the Subscription Credit Agreement ).
The Subscription Credit Agreement permits us to elect the commitment amount each quarter to borrow up to 125 million, subject to availability
under the borrowing base which is calculated based on the unused capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements.
The Subscription Credit Agreement has a maximum commitment of 150 million and the interest rate under the facility is equal to Term
SOFR plus 1.975 (subject to a 0.275 floor). We are also required to pay a commitment fee of 0.25 per annum on the unused portion of
the Subscription Credit Agreement. We also pay an extension fee of 0.05 per quarter on the elected commitment amount on the first day
of each calendar quarter. The Subscription Credit Agreement will expire on December 31, 2023. 

60 

Contractual Obligations 

A summary of our significant contractual principal
payment obligations related to the repayment of our outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Payments Due by Period in millions) 

Total 
 Less than 
1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 After 5 years 
 
 Corporate Credit Facility 
 269.0 
 - 
 - 
 269.0 
 - 
 
 Revolving Funding Facility 
 200.0 
 - 
 - 
 200.0 
 - 
 
 Subscription Credit Agreement 
 108.0 
 108.0 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total contractual obligations 
 577.0 
 108.0 
 - 
 469.0 
 - 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an aggregate 149.3 million
and 97.8 million, respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to our portfolio companies. Such commitments are generally
subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in
excess of the amount recognized in our financial statements. Other than contractual commitments and other legal contingencies incurred
in the normal course of our business, we do not have any other off-balance sheet financings or liabilities. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Changes in the economic
environment, financial markets, and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our
critical accounting policies, including those relating to the valuation of our investment portfolio, are described below. The critical
accounting policies should be read in conjunction with our risk factors in this Annual Report. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for more information on our critical accounting policies. 

Investment Valuation 

Traded Investments
(Level 1 or Level 2) 

Investments for which market quotations are
readily available will typically be valued at those market quotations. Traded investments such as corporate bonds, preferred stock, bank
notes, loans or loan participations are valued by using the bid price provided by an independent pricing service, by an independent broker,
the agent bank, syndicate bank or principal market maker. When price quotes for investments are not available, or such prices are stale
or do not represent fair value in the judgment of our Advisor, fair market value will be determined using our valuation process for investments
that are privately issued or otherwise restricted as to resale. 

61 

We may also invest, to a lesser extent, in
equity securities purchased in conjunction with debt investments. While we anticipate these equity securities to be issued by privately
held companies, we may hold equity securities that are publicly traded. Equity securities listed on any exchange other than the NASDAQ
Stock Market, Inc. NASDAQ are valued, except as indicated below, at the last sale price on the business day as of which
such value is being determined. If there has been no sale on such day, the securities are valued at the mean of the most recent bid and
ask prices on such day. Securities admitted to trade on the NASDAQ are valued at the NASDAQ official closing price. Equity securities
traded on more than one securities exchange are valued at the last sale price on the business day as of which such value is being determined
at the close of the exchange representing the principal market for such securities. Equity securities traded in the over-the-counter market,
but excluding securities admitted to trading on the NASDAQ, are valued at the closing bid prices. 

Non-Traded Investments
(Level 3) 

Investments that are privately issued or otherwise restricted as to
resale, as well as any security for which (a) reliable market quotations are not available in the judgment of our Advisor, or (b) the
independent pricing service or independent broker does not provide prices or provides a price that in the judgment of our Advisor is stale
or does not represent fair value, shall each be valued in a manner that most fairly reflects fair value of the security on the valuation
date. We expect that a significant majority of our investments will be Level 3 investments. Unless otherwise determined by the Advisor,
the following valuation process is used for our Level 3 investments: 

Valuation Designee . The applicable investments will be valued no less frequently than quarterly by the Advisor, with new investments valued at the time such investment was made. The value of each Level 3 investment will be initially reviewed by the persons responsible for such portfolio company or investment. The Advisor will use a standardized template designed to approximate fair market value based on observable market inputs, updated credit statistics and unobservable inputs to determine a preliminary value. The Advisor will specify the titles of the persons responsible for determining the fair value of Company investments, including by specifying the particular functions for which they are responsible, and will reasonably segregate fair value determinations from the portfolio management of the Company such that the portfolio manager(s) may not determine, or effectively determine by exerting substantial influence on, the fair values ascribed to portfolio investments. 

Valuation Firm . Quarterly, third-party valuation firms engaged by the Advisor review the valuation methodologies and calculations employed for each of our investments that the Advisor has placed on the watch list and approximately 25 of our remaining investments. The third-party valuation firms will review and independently value all of the Level 3 investments at least once per year, on a rolling twelve-month basis. The quarterly report issued by these third-party valuation firms will provide positive assurance on the fair values of the investments reviewed. 

Oversight .
 The Board has appointed the Advisor as the valuation designee for the Company for purposes of making determinations of fair value as
 permitted by Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. The Audit Committee shall aid the Board in overseeing the Advisor s fair valuation
 of securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. The Audit Committee shall
 meet quarterly to review the fair value determinations, processes and written reports of the Advisor and third-party valuation firms
 as part of the Board s oversight responsibilities. 

Refer to Note 5 Fair Value 
for more information on the Company s valuation process. 

Revenue Recognition 

We record interest income on an accrual basis
to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt securities with contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual
interest accrued and added to the principal balance, we generally will not accrue PIK interest for accounting purposes if the portfolio
company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectible. We do not accrue as a receivable interest on loans and debt securities
for accounting purposes if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. OIDs, market discounts or premiums are accreted
or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest
income. 

62 

Related Party Transactions 

Investment Advisory Agreement . On
February 5, 2021, we entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with our Advisor. Our Advisor will agree to serve as our investment
advisor in accordance with the terms of our Investment Advisory Agreement. Payments under our Investment Advisory Agreement in each reporting
period will consist of the base management fee equal to a percentage of the fair market value of investments, including, in each case,
assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial paper
instruments maturing within one year of purchase as well as an incentive fee based on our performance. 

For services rendered under the Investment
Advisory Agreement, we will pay a base management fee quarterly in arrears to our Advisor based on the of the fair market value of our
investments including, in each case, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government
securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within one year of purchase. We will also pay an incentive fee on income and an
incentive fee on capital gains to our Advisor. 

Prior to an Exchange Listing, any incentive
fees earned by the Advisor shall accrue as earned but only become payable in cash to the Advisor upon consummation of an Exchange Listing.
To the extent the Company does not complete an Exchange Listing, the incentive fees will be payable to the Advisor (a) upon consummation
of a sale of the Company or (b) once substantially all proceeds from a Company Liquidation payable to the Company s common
stockholders have been distributed to such stockholders. 

Administration Agreement. On February
5, 2021, we entered into an Administration Agreement with our Advisor, which serves as our Administrator pursuant to which the Administrator
will furnish us with administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. The Administrator will be reimbursed for
administrative expenses it incurs on our behalf in performing its obligations. Such reimbursement may be made for our allocable portion
(subject to the review and approval of our independent directors) of office facilities, overhead, and compensation paid to or compensatory
distributions received by our officers (including our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer) and their respective staff
who provide services to us. As we reimburse the Administrator for its expenses, we will indirectly bear such cost. The Administrator
engaged U.S. Bank Global Fund Services under a sub-administration agreement to assist the Administrator in performing certain of its
administrative duties. The Administrator may enter into additional sub-administration agreements with third-parties to perform other
administrative and professional services on behalf of the Administrator. 

63 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are subject to financial market risks,
including changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the
level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income will be affected by
the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant
change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 

Assuming that the consolidated statement of
assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest rate
sensitivity, the following table shows the annualized impact in millions) of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rate (considering
interest rate floors for floating rate instruments). 

Change in Interest Rates 
 Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income 
 Increase (Decrease) in Interest Expense 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income 
 
 Down 200 basis points 
 (23.2 
 (11.5 
 (11.7 
 
 Down 100 basis points 
 (11.6 
 (5.8 
 (5.8 
 
 Up 100 basis points 
 11.6 
 5.8 
 5.8 
 
 Up 200 basis points 
 23.2 
 11.5 
 11.7 

The data in the table is based on the Company s
current statement of assets and liabilities. 

We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations
by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While
hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits
of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. 

64 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-15 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets
and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of Kayne Anderson BDC Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and
its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, by correspondence with the custodian. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

March 10, 2023 

We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in
Kayne Anderson Funds Family since 2004. 

F- 2 

Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

(amounts
in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Investments, at fair value: 

Long-term investments (amortized cost of and 

Short-term investments (amortized cost of and 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Receivable for principal payments on investments 
 
 -

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total
Assets 

Liabilities: 

Corporate Credit Facility (Note 6) 
 
 -

Unamortized Corporate Credit Facility issuance costs 
 
 -

Loan and Security Agreement (Note 6) 
 -

Unamortized Loan and Security Agreement issuance costs 
 -

Revolving Funding Facility (Note 6) 
 
 -

Unamortized Revolving Funding Facility issuance costs 
 
 -

Subscription Credit Agreement (Note 6) 

Unamortized Subscription Credit Facility issuance costs 

Accrued organizational and offering costs 
 -

Payable for investments purchased 
 
 -

Distributions payable 

Management fee payable 

Incentive fee payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total
Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Net Assets: 

Common Shares, par value; shares authorized; and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Total distributable earnings (deficit) 

Total
Net Assets 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per
Common Share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

(amounts
in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

For the years ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Income: 

Investment income from investments: 

Interest income 

Total Investment Income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Incentive fees 

Interest expense 

Professional fees 

Directors fees 

Offering costs 

Initial organization costs 

- 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total Expenses 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

Net realized gains (losses): 

Investments 

Total net realized gains (losses) 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses): 

Investments 

Total net change in unrealized gains (losses) 

Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Per Common Share Data: 

Basic and diluted net investment income per common share 

Basic and diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income (loss) 

Net realized gains (losses) on investments 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Dividends and distributions to stockholders 

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 

Reinvestment of distributions 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Total Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets 

Net Assets, Beginning of Period 

Net Assets, End of Period 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net realized (gains)/losses on investments 

Net change in unrealized (gains)/losses on investments 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Purchases of short-term investments, net 

Purchases of portfolio investments 

Proceeds from sales of investments and principal repayments 

Paid-in-kind interest from portfolio investments 

Amortization of deferred financing cost 

Increase/(decrease) in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)/decrease in interest and dividends receivable 

(Increase)/decrease in deferred offering costs 

(Increase)/decrease in receivable for principal payments on investments 
 
 -

(Increase)/decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 

Increase/(decrease) in payable for investments purchased 
 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in management fees payable 

Increase/(decrease) in incentive fee payable 

Increase/(decrease) in payable to affiliate 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in accrued organizational and offering costs, net 

Increase/(decrease) in accrued other general and administrative expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Borrowings on Corporate Credit Facility, net 
 
 -

Borrowings on Revolving Funding Facility, net 
 
 -

(Payments)/Borrowings on Loan and Security Agreement, net 

(Payments)/Borrowings on Subscription and Credit Agreement, net 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

Distributions paid in cash 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental and Non-Cash Information: 

Interest paid during the period 

Non-cash financing activities not included herein consisted of reinvestment of dividends 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Debt
 and Equity Investments 

Private
 Credit Investments (4) 

Aerospace
 defense 

Basel
 U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. (IAC) (5) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Fastener
 Distribution Holdings, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Precinmac
 (US) Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Asset
 management custody banks 

Atria
 Wealth Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Auto
 components 

Speedstar
 Holding LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Vehicle
 Accessories, Inc. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (P + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Biotechnology 

Alcami
 Corporation (Alcami) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Building
 products 

BCI
 Burke Holding Corp. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

Eastern
 Wholesale Fence 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Chemicals 

Cyalume
 Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Fralock
 Buyer LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Schrieve
 Chemical Company, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

USALCO,
 LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Commercial
 services supplies 

Advanced
 Environmental Monitoring (6) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Allentown,
 LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (P + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

American
 Equipment Holdings LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Arborworks
 Acquisition LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

BLP
 Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting Products) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Gusmer
 Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

PMFC
 Holding, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

Regiment
 Security Partners LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

The
 Kleinfelder Group, Inc. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Containers
 packaging 

Drew
 Foam Companies, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

FCA,
 LLC (FCA Packaging) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Diversified
 telecommunication services 

Network
 Connex (f/k/a NTI Connect, LLC) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Pavion
 Corp., f/k/a Corbett Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Electronic
 equipment, instruments components 

Process
 Insights, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Food
 products 

BC
 CS 2, L.P. (Cuisine Solutions) (5) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

BR
 PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

Gulf
 Pacific Holdings, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

IF P
 Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) (6) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Siegel
 Egg Co., LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

Health
 care providers services 

Brightview,
 LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

Guardian
 Dentistry Partners 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Light
 Wave Dental Management LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan (7) 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

OMH-HealthEdge
 Holdings, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

SGA
 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Healthcare
 equipment supplies 

LSL
 Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Household
 durables 

Curio
 Brands, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

Household
 products 

Home
 Brands Group Holdings, Inc. (ReBath) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

Insurance 

Allcat
 Claims Service, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

IT
 services 

Domain
 Information Services Inc. (Integris) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Improving
 Acquisition LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Leisure
 products 

MacNeill
 Pride Group 
 
 First lien senior secured
 delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

Trademark
 Global LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 11.88 (L + 7.50 ), 4.50 is PIK 

First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 11.88 (L + 7.50 ), 4.50 is PIK 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 11.88 (L + 7.50 ), 4.50 is PIK 

Machinery 

Pennsylvania
 Machine Works, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

PVI
 Holdings, Inc 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (S + 

Personal
 products 

DRS
 Holdings III, Inc. (Dr. Scholl s) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

PH
 Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

Pharmaceuticals 

Foundation
 Consumer Brands 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured
 loan 
 
 (L + 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Professional
 services 

4
 Over International, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

DISA
 Holdings Corp. (DISA) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Universal
 Marine Medical Supply International, LLC (Unimed) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Software 

AIDC
 Intermediate Co 2, LLC (Peak Technologies) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Specialty
 retail 

Sundance
 Holdings Group, LLC (6) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Textiles,
 apparel luxury goods 

American
 Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

BEL
 USA, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

YS
 Garments, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Trading
 companies distributors 

BCDI
 Meteor Acquisition, LLC (Meteor) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Broder
 Bros., Co. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

CGI
 Automated Manufacturing, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

EIS
 Legacy, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (L + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

Genuine
 Cable Group, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

I.D.
 Images Acquisition, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

Refrigeration
 Sales Corp. 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (L + 

United
 Safety Survivability Corporation (USSC) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Wireless
 telecommunication services 

Centerline
 Communications, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 
 
 (S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 
 (S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 
 (S + 

Total
 Private Credit Debt Investments 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As
of December 31, 2022 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

Number of 

Fair 

Percentage 

Units 

Cost 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Equity Investments 

Auto components 

Vehicle Accessories, Inc. - Class
 A common (8) 

- 

Vehicle Accessories, Inc. - preferred (8) 

Commercial services supplies 

American Equipment Holdings LLC (9) 

BLP Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting Products) - Class A
 common (10) 

Food products 

BC CS 2, L.P. (Cuisine Solutions) (5) 

IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) Class A common
 (9) 

IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge)
 Class B common (9) 

- 

- 

Gulf Pacific Holdings, LLC - Class A common (9) 

Gulf Pacific Holdings, LLC - Class C common (9) 

- 

- 

Siegel Parent, LLC (11) 

Healthcare equipment supplies 

LSL Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) (9) 

IT services 

Domain Information Services Inc. (Integris) 

Textiles, apparel luxury goods 

American Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) (11) 

Total Private Equity Investments 

Total Private Investments 

Number
 of 
 
 Fair 
 Percentage 

Shares 
 Cost 
 Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Short-Term Investments 

First
 American Treasury Obligations Fund - Institutional Class Z, 4.16 (12) 

Total
 Short-Term Investments 

Total
 Investments 

Liabilities
 in Excess of Other Assets 

Net
 Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 
 
 (5) (6) 
 (7) (8) (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 
 (12) 

See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 11 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 
 Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 Investment 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (2)(3) 
 Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Debt
 and Equity Investments 

Private
 Credit Investments (4) 

Automobiles
 components 

Speedstar
 Holding LLC 
 First lien senior
 secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Vehicle
 Accessories, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital
 goods 

Blade
 (US) Holdings, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Broder
 Bros., Co. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

CGI Automated
 Manufacturing, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Eastern
 Wholesale Fence 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

EIS Legacy,
 LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fastener
 Distribution Holdings, LLC 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

I.D. Images
 Acquisition, LLC 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Refrigeration
 Sales Corp. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

United
 Safety Survivability Corporation (USSC) 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commercial
 professional services 

4 Over
 International, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Advanced
 Environmental Monitoring (5) 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

American
 Equipment Holdings LLC 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Arborworks
 Acquisition LLC 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Gusmer
 Enterprises, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

PMFC Holding,
 LLC 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Regiment
 Security Partners LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
 Kleinfelder Group, Inc. 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Consumer
 durables apparel 

BCI Burke
 Holding Corp. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

BEL USA,
 LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 8.50 (L + 7.00 , includes 1.275 PIK) 

Curio
 Brands, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

MacNeill
 Pride Group 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

New Era
 Cap Company, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Trademark
 Global LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

YS
 Garments, LLC 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Diversified
 financials 

Atria
 Wealth Solutions, Inc. 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

F- 12 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 
 Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 Investment 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (2)(3) 
 Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Debt
 and Equity Investments 

Private
 Credit Investments (4) 

Automobiles
 components 

Food
 beverage 

Siegel
 Egg Co., LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 (L + 

Health
 care equipment services 

Brightview,
 LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dermatologists
 of Southwestern Ohio, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Guardian
 Dentistry Partners 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

OMH-HealthEdge
 Holdings, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

SGA Dental
 Partners Holdings, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

West
 Dermatology Management Holdings, LLC 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Household
 personal products 

DRS Holdings
 III, Inc. (Dr. Scholl s) 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Home Brands
 Group Holdings, Inc. (ReBath) 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

PH
 Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Materials 

Cyalume
 Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Drew Foam
 Companies, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Fralock
 Buyer LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

USALCO,
 LLC 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Pharmaceuticals,
 biotech life sciences 

Foundation
 Consumer Brands 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 
 (L + 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Retailing 

Sundance
 Holdings Group, LLC (5) 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Software
 services 

Improving
 Acquisition LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Peak Technologies 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Telecommunication
 services 

Centerline
 Communications, LLC 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Corbett
 Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 (L + 

First lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Network
 Connex (f/k/a NTI Connect, LLC) 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 
 (L + 

Total
 Private Credit Debt Investments 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

F- 13 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

(amounts in 000 s) 

Number
 of 
 Units 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Equity Investments 

Food beverage 

Siegel
 Parent, LLC (6) 

Total
 Private Equity Investments 

Total
 Private Investments 

Number of 
 
 Fair 
 Percentage 

Shares 
 Cost 
 Value 
 of
 Net Assets 
 
 Short-Term Investments 

First
 American Treasury Obligations Fund - Institutional Class Z, 0.01 (7) 

Total Short-Term Investments 

Total Investments 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

Net Assets 

(1) As of December 31, 2021, all investments are non-controlled, non-affiliated investments. Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments are defined as investments in which the Company owns less than 5 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and does not have the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

F- 14 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

F- 15 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

F- 16 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of the Company s remaining investments. The third-party valuation firms will review and independently value all of the Level 3 investments at least once per year, on a rolling twelve-month basis. The quarterly report issued by these third-party valuation firms will provide positive assurance on the fair values of the investments reviewed. 

F- 17 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of its investment company
taxable income (ordinary income and short-term capital gains) to qualify as a RIC and it must distribute all of its taxable income (ordinary
income, short-term capital gains and long-term capital gains) to avoid federal income taxes. The Company will be subject to federal income
tax on any undistributed portion of income. For purposes of the distribution test, the Company may elect to treat as paid on the last
day of its taxable year all or part of any distributions that are declared after the end of its taxable year if such distributions are
declared before the due date of its tax return, including any extensions. 

A distribution will be
treated as paid during the calendar year if it is paid during the calendar year or declared by the Company in October, November or December
of such year, payable to stockholders of record on a date during such months and paid by the Company no later than January of the following
year. Any such distributions paid during January of the following year will be deemed to be received by stockholders on December 31 of
the year the distributions are declared, rather than when the distributions are actually received. 

F- 18 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

F- 19 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of the fair market value of the Company s investments including, in each case,
assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial paper
instruments maturing within one year of purchase. After an Exchange Listing, the base management fee will be calculated at an annual
rate of of the fair market value of the Company s investments. However, following an Exchange Listing, if borrowed funds
or other forms of leverage utilized to finance the Company s investments is greater than a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.0x, the base
management fee will be of the fair market value of the portion of the Company s investments financed with borrowed funds
or other forms of leverage above a 1.0x debt-to-equity ratio. 

and 2,095, respectively 

of the
Company s NAV at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter annualized but not compounded) (the Hurdle Amount in order for the Company to receive an income incentive fee. The income incentive fee is calculated as follows: 

F- 20 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from formation through (a) the day before an Exchange Listing, (b) upon consummation of a Liquidity Event or (c) upon the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis. For the purpose of computing the capital gain incentive fee, the calculation methodology will look through derivative financial instruments or swaps as if the Company owned the reference assets directly. 

of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from formation through the end of a given calendar year or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. 

and no incentive fees on capital gains. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred incentive
fees on income of and on realized gains (total of ). 

to the Company on December 18, 2018. 

Equity investments 

Short-term investments 

Total Investments 

F- 21 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of the Company s total assets
were non-qualifying assets as defined by Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021, all of the Company s investments
were qualifying assets as defined by Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 

Commercial services supplies 

Food products 

Health care providers services 

Professional services 

Containers packaging 

Aerospace defense 

Textiles, apparel luxury goods 

IT services 

Building products 

Software 

Chemicals 

Diversified telecommunication services 

Wireless telecommunication services 

Leisure products 

Auto components 

Machinery 

Household durables 

Healthcare
 equipment supplies 

Personal products 

Household products 

Insurance 

Biotechnology 

Specialty retail 

Pharmaceuticals 

Asset management custody banks 

Electronic equipment, instruments components 

Total 

Capital goods 

Consumer durables apparel 

Telecommunication services 

Health care equipment services 

Household personal products 

Materials 

Automobiles components 

Food beverage 

Software services 

Retailing 

Pharmaceuticals, biotech life sciences 

Diversified financials 

Total 

F- 22 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Equity investments 
 -
 
 -

Short-term investments 
 
 -
 
 -

Total Investments 
 
 -

Equity investments 
 -
 
 -

Short-term investments 
 
 -
 
 -

Total Investments 
 
 -

Purchases of investments 

Proceeds from sales of investments and principal repayments 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

Net realized gain (loss) 

- 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

- 

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value, end of period 

F- 23 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Proceeds from sales of investments and principal repayments 
 
 -

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 
 
 -

Net realized gain (loss) 
 
 -

Net accretion of discount on investments 
 
 -

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Fair value, end of period 

F- 24 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

- 

Equity investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Valuation 
 
 Unobservable 

Weighted 

Fair Value 

Technique 
 
 Input 

Range 

Average 

First-lien senior secured debt investments 

- 

Equity investments 

F- 25 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

credit agreement
(the Subscription Credit Agreement with certain lenders party thereto. The Subscription Credit Agreement permits the Company
to elect the commitment amount each quarter to borrow up to , subject to availability under the borrowing base which is calculated
based on the unused capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements. The interest rate under the Subscription
Credit Agreement is equal to the Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR plus (subject to a SOFR floor). The
Company is also required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on any unused portion of the Subscription Credit Agreement. The Company
also pays an extension fee of per quarter on the elected commitment amount on the first day of each calendar quarter. The Subscription
Credit Agreement will expire on December 31, 2023. 

and , respectively, with a weighted average interest
rate of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, outstanding
under the Subscription Credit Agreement at a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively. 

. The Company entered into
the Corporate Credit Facility on February 18, 2022. The Corporate Credit Facility s commitment termination date and the final maturity
date are February 18, 2026 and February 18, 2027, respectively. The Corporate Credit Facility also provides for a feature that allows
the Company, under certain circumstances, to increase the overall size of the Corporate Credit Facility to a maximum of . The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on any unused portion of
the Corporate Credit Facility. 

with a weighted average interest rate of . As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had outstanding under the Corporate Credit Facility at a weighted average interest rate of . 

. The Company and KABDCF
entered into the Revolving Funding Facility on February 18, 2022. The Revolving Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held
by KABDCF and the Company has agreed that it will not grant or allow a lien on the membership interest of KABDCF. The end of the reinvestment
period and the stated maturity date for the Revolving Funding Facility are February 18, 2025 and February 18, 2027, respectively. The
interest rate on the Revolving Funding Facility is equal to daily SOFR plus per annum. KABDCF is also required to pay a commitment
fee of between and per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the Revolving Funding Facility. Amounts available
to borrow under the Revolving Funding Facility are subject to a borrowing base that applies different advance rates to different types
of assets held by KABDCF and is subject to limitations with respect to the loans securing the Revolving Funding Facility, including restrictions
on, loan size, payment frequency and status, as well as restrictions on portfolio company leverage, all of which may also affect the borrowing
base and therefore amounts available to borrow. The Company and KABDCF are also required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements
and other customary requirements for similar facilities. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are
described in the agreements governing the Revolving Funding Facility. 

with a weighted average interest rate of . As of December 31,
2022, the Company had outstanding under the Revolving Funding Facility at a weighted average interest rate of . 

F- 26 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

outstanding balance on the Loan and Security Agreement (the LSA ),
which was entered into by KABDCF on February 5, 2021. 

and , respectively, with a weighted average interest rate of and ,
respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding under the LSA at a weighted average interest rate of . 

Revolving Funding Facility 

Subscription Credit Agreement 

Total debt 

. 

Subscription Credit Agreement 

Total debt 

. 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

Average interest rate 

Average borrowings 

F- 27 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

July 22, 2022 

October 31, 2022 

December 9, 2022 

Total common stock issued 

April 23, 2021 

July 23, 2021 

October 28, 2021 

December 2, 2021 

Total common stock issued 

to purchase shares of common stock. Of this amount, the Company had 
of undrawn commitments at December 31, 2022. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

July 19, 2022 

October 18, 2022 

December 16, 2022 

Total dividends declared 

July 19, 2021 

October 18, 2021 

December 2, 2021 

Total dividends declared 

F- 28 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

April 20, 2022 

July 20, 2022 

October 13, 2022 

shares issued with a DRIP value of . These shares are excluded from the table above, as the DRIP shares
were issued after December 31, 2022. 

July 20, 2021 

October 22, 2021 

shares issued with a DRIP value of . These shares are excluded from the table above, as the DRIP shares were
issued after December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively,
of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to its portfolio companies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Such commitments are generally
subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and certain operational metrics. The commitment period for
these amounts may be shorter than the maturity date if drawn or funded. These commitments are not reflected in the Company s consolidated
statement of assets and liabilities. Consequently, such commitments result in an element of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized
in the Company s consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. 

F- 29 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

- 
 
 Allcat Claims Service, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Allentown, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 American Equipment Holdings LLC 

American Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 
 
 - 
 
 Arborworks Acquisition LLC 

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 Basel U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. (IAC) 
 
 - 
 
 BCI Burke Holding Corp. 

Blade (US) Holdings, Inc. 
 - 

BLP Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting Products) 
 
 - 
 
 BR PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 
 
 - 
 
 Brightview, LLC 

Centerline Communications, LLC 

CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 

Pavion Corp., f/k/a Corbett Technology Solutions, Inc. 

Curio Brands, LLC 

DISA Holdings Corp. (DISA) 
 
 - 
 
 DRS Holdings III, Inc. (Dr. Scholl s) 

Eastern Wholesale Fence 

EIS Legacy, LLC 

Fastener Distribution Holdings, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 FCA, LLC (FCA Packaging) 
 
 - 
 
 Foundation Consumer Brands 

Fralock Buyer LLC 

Guardian Dentistry Partners 
 - 

Gulf Pacific Holdings, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Gusmer Enterprises, Inc. 

Home Brands Group Holdings, Inc. (ReBath) 

I.D. Images Acquisition, LLC 

IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) 
 
 - 
 
 Improving Acquisition LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Light Wave Dental Management LLC 
 
 - 
 
 LSL Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) 
 
 - 
 
 MacNeill Pride Group 

PMFC Holding, LLC 

Regiment Security Partners LLC 

SGA Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 

Siegel Egg Co., LLC 

Speedstar Holding LLC 
 - 

Trademark Global LLC 

United Safety Survivability Corporation (USSC) 

Universal Marine Medical Supply International, LLC (Unimed) 
 
 - 
 
 USALCO, LLC 

Vehicle Accessories, Inc. 

Total unfunded commitments 

F- 30 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted

Earnings (loss) per share of common stock - basic and diluted

excise tax on such income,
to the extent required. 

Increase (decrease) in additional paid-in capital 
 ) 

Net change in unrealized losses (gains) from investments 

) 

() 
 
 Non-deductible expenses, offering costs disallowed 

Other book tax differences 

) 

Taxable income before deductions for distributions 

F- 31 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Capital gains 
 - 
 -

Return of capital 
 - 
 -

Total 

Undistributed capital gains 
 -
 
 -

Capital loss carryforward 
 -
 
 -

Other accumulated gain (loss) 
 -
 
 -

Other temporary book / tax differences 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Total 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

Gross unrealized depreciation 
 
 -

Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

F- 32 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Results of Operations: 

Net Investment Income 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments (3) 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Distributions to Common Stockholders 

Distributions 

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Distributions 

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Shares Outstanding, End of Period 

Ratio/Supplemental Data 

Net assets, end of period 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Total Return (4) 

Portfolio turnover 

Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets (5) 

Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets (5) 

(2) per share less
 per share of organizational costs. (3) Realized and unrealized gains and losses per share in this caption are balancing amounts necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per share for the period, and may not reconcile with the aggregate gains and losses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations due to share transactions during the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, such share transactions
include the effect of share issuances of and per share, respectively. During the period, shares were issued at prices that
reflect the aggregate amount of the Company's initial organizational and offering expenses. As a result, investors subscribing after
the initial capital call are allocated organizational expenses consistently with all stockholders. (4) (5) The ratios reflect an annualized amount, except in the case of non-recurring expenses (e.g. initial organizational expense of for the period February 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021). 

F- 33 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

(amounts in
000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

per share
to each common stockholder of record as of December 29, 2022. The total distribution was and was reinvested into the Company
through the purchase of shares of common stock. 

per share
to each common stockholder of record as of March 31, 2023. The distribution will be paid on April 14, 2023. 

to purchase shares of common stock of the commitments are undrawn). 

F- 34 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There are not and have not been any disagreements
between us and our accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), as of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

Report of Management on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

This annual report does not include an
annual report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or attestation report of our
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
newly public companies. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

65 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

66 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 

The following is a list of our consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8 of Part II hereof: 

1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-15 

(b) EXHIBITS 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Formation (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Initial
 Limited Liability Company Agreement (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Conversion (2) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (5) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment
 Advisory Agreement (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment to Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 10.3 
 
 Administration
 Agreement (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 License
 Agreement (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Custody
 Agreement (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2021, by and between KA Credit Advisors, LLC, as collateral manager, Kayne
 Anderson BDC Financing, LLC, as borrower, certain lenders thereto, administrative agent for the lenders, and collateral agent for
 the lenders (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Credit
 Agreement, dated February 5, 2021, by and between Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc., as borrower, lenders signatories thereto, and agent and
 the lead arranger (2) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 3,2021, by and between Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc., as borrower, lender signatories thereto,
 and agent and lead arranger (5) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Senior
 Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (4) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement (4) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics as amended March 1, 2021 
 
 14.2 
 
 Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics for Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. (3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
 in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Form 10, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9,
 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25,
 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 15, 2022. 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Dated: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James C. Baker, Jr 

James C. Baker, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Terry A. Hart 

Terry A. Hart 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

68 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-2_kayneanders.htm
 AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.2 

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC. 

Amendment to Investment
Advisory Agreement 

THIS AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT (the
 Amendment is made as of November 8, 2022 by and between KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC. , a Delaware corporation
(the Company and KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). 

RECITALS 

A. The Company
(formerly, Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC) and the Adviser are parties to that certain Investment Advisory Agreement dated as of February 5,
2021 (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). 

B. The parties
wish to modify and amend the Agreement to clarify that the authority of the Adviser does not involve access to the Company s assets
in a manner that would constitute custody of those assets by the Adviser for purposes of Rule 206(4)-2 under the Advisers Act. 

C. Unless
otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein shall have the definitions given to such terms in the Agreement. 

AGREEMENT 

1. Amendments .
The following text is hereby added to Section 1(c) to replace the last sentence of Section 1(c): 

The Company also grants to the Adviser power and authority to engage
in all activities and transactions (and anything incidental thereto) that the Adviser deems, in its sole discretion, appropriate, necessary
or advisable to carry out its duties pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with applicable securities laws and compliance policies
and procedures or the Adviser, including but not limited to effecting and settling transactions, and entering into agreements incident
thereto, as authorized by this Agreement. 

2. Agreement
in Full Force and Effect . The Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with its express
terms. 

3. Miscellaneous .
This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws specified in Section 15 of the Agreement. This Amendment
may be modified or amended only in accordance with the terms set forth in the Agreement. This Amendment may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Amendment to be duly executed and attested by their duly authorized officers, all on the day and year written on the first page of
this Amendment. 

The Company: 
 
 The Adviser: 

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC. 
 
 KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Terry A. Hart 

Name: 
 Michael O Neil 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Title: 
 Chief Compliance Officer 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex14-1_kayneand.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS AS AMENDED MARCH 1, 2021

Exhibit 14.1 

Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC 
Kayne DL 2021, Inc. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

 AND 

 POLICY ON PERSONAL TRADING 

Introduction 

Kayne Anderson
BDC, LLC KABDC and Kayne DL 2021, Inc. KDL ), (each a Company and collectively, the Companies are regulated as business development companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and
subject to Rule 17j-1 under the Act Rule 17j-1 ). Rule 17j-1 requires that each Company adopt a written code of ethics that
specifically addresses trading practices by Access Persons (defined below). Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any Access Person of the
Companies or their investment advisers, KA Credit Advisors, LLC and KA Credit II, LLC, respectively, (each an Adviser and
collectively, the Advisers to: 

Employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Companies; 

Make any untrue statement of material fact to the Companies
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made to the Companies, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading; 

Engage in an act, practice, or course of business that operates
or would operate as a fraud or deceit on the Companies; or 

Engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Companies. 

Furthermore,
the following three general fiduciary principles are understood to govern the activities of the Companies advisory personnel: 

such personnel have a duty at all times to place the interests
of the Companies shareholders first; 

all personal securities transactions by such personnel must
be conducted consistent with the Code of Ethics and in such a manner as to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest or any
abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility; and 

such personnel should not take inappropriate advantage of
their positions. 

In accordance with Rule
17j-1, each Company has adopted this Code of Ethics containing provisions it deems reasonably necessary to prevent those of its Access
Persons from engaging in any such prohibited acts. 

In addition, each Adviser
is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ). Rule 204A-1 under the
Advisers Act requires a registered investment adviser to establish, maintain and enforce a code of ethics that includes certain specified
provisions. Each Adviser has adopted a separate code of ethics designed to meet the requirements of Rule 204A-1 and Rule 17j-1. 

1. Definitions 

(a) Access Person means any officer or director of the Companies and any of their employees,
who, in connection with his or her regular functions or duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase
or sale of a security by the Companies, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases
or sales; and any natural person in a control relationship to the Companies who obtains information with respect to the Companies with
regard to the purchase or sale of a security. 

(b) Security shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(36) of the 1940 Act except securities
issued by the Government of the United States or by federal agencies and which are direct obligations of the United States, bankers acceptances,
certificates of deposit, commercial paper, money market funds and shares of registered open-end investment companies. 

(c) A Security held or to be acquired means a Security which, within the most recent 15 days
(i) is or has been held by the Companies; or (ii) is being or has been considered by the Companies for purchase, and includes the writing
of an option to purchase or sell a Security. A Security is being considered for the current purchase or sale when a decision
(or recommendation) to purchase or sell a Security has been made and communicated, and, with respect to a person making a decision (or
recommendation), when such person believes such decision or recommendation is imminent. 

(d) Covered Family Member means any member of an employee s immediate family or partner
sharing the same household. Immediate family means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling,
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law. Adoptive relationships are included. 

(e) Beneficial Ownership shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. This means that an Access Person should generally consider
himself/herself to have Beneficial Ownership of any Security in which he/she has a direct or indirect pecuniary interest, which includes
Securities held by any Covered Family Member. In addition, an Access Person should consider himself/herself to have Beneficial Ownership
of any Security held by other persons where, by reason of any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship, such Access Person
has sole or shared voting or investment power. 

(f) Investment Personnel means any person who is involved in the investment decisions for
the Companies and who may have significant opportunities to influence investment decisions for the Companies to his or her benefit. 

(g) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities
Act of 1933 pursuant to section 4(a)(2) or section 4(a)(5) or pursuant to rule 504, or rule 506 under the Securities Act of 1933. 

2 

2. Pre-Clearance Policy 

Except
as expressly permitted by this Code of Ethics, Access Persons (other than disinterested directors) must have written pre-clearance from
the Compliance department for any personal securities transaction. The Chief Compliance Officer reserves the right to disapprove any proposed
transaction that may have the appearance of improper conduct, and may decline to pre-approve a proposed transaction by an Access Person
for any reason. 

All
requests for approval to engage in personal securities transactions must be submitted to the Compliance department. Pre-clearance approval
for a transaction is only valid until the end of market hours on the day the transaction is approved except (i) with respect to transactions
that are private offerings or (ii) in cases where the Compliance department specifies otherwise. 

If
the Chief Compliance Officer is the person whose transaction requires approval, he or she must obtain such approval from the Advisers 
General Counsel (or his or her designee). 

3. Prohibitions 

No Access Person: 

(a) Shall purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any Security in which
he or she has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect beneficial ownership and which to his/her actual
knowledge at the time of such purchase or sale: 

(i) is being considered for purchase or sale by the Companies; or 

(ii) is then being purchased or sold by the Companies. 

Under this Code of Ethics, all employees
of the Companies are required to: 

(i) avoid purchasing Securities offered and sold as part of an initial public offering IPO until after the public offering and then only at the prevailing market price, and obtain pre-approval from the Compliance department before
directly or indirectly acquiring beneficial ownership in any securities in a Limited Offering; 

(ii) avoid purchases or sales of Securities that are being considered for current purchase or sale by the
Companies; 

(iii) avoid purchases or sales of Securities that have been purchased or sold by the Companies until after
any such transaction or series of transactions has been completed (subject to settlement); and 

(iv) pre-clear purchases or sales of Securities for accounts in which the employee has a Beneficial Ownership interest with Compliance
prior to executing such transactions. 

4. Exempted Transactions 

Pre-Clearance under Section 2 of this
Code of Ethics shall not apply to: 

(a) Purchases or sales effected in any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence
or control (e.g. transaction in an account managed by an unaffiliated money manager where the Access Person has no investment influence
or discretion); 

3 

(b) Purchases or sales effected pursuant to a program (such as a dividend reinvestment plan) in which periodic
purchases (or sales) are made automatically in (or from) investment accounts in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation; 

(c) Purchases effected upon the exercise of rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of
a class of its Securities, to the extent such rights were acquired from such issuer, and sales of such rights so acquired. 

(d) Purchases or sales which are non-volitional on the part of either the Access Person or Covered Family
Member (e.g. stock splits, reverse stock splits, mergers, spin-offs, and other similar corporate reorganizations); 

(e) Charitable donations or other gifts of Securities (other than shares of the Companies); 

(f) Purchases or sales of futures and options on commodities, currencies or a securities index; 

(g) Other non-volitional events, such as exercise of an option at expiration (as opposed to an option exercise at any time prior to expiration,
which option exercise does require pre-clearance); or 

(h) Purchases or sales of sovereign debt securities. 

5. Minimum Hold Period 

No Access
person may sell a Security within 90 days of purchasing that Security, or buy to cover a Security within 90 days of selling
short such Security, unless pre-clearance of the transaction is not required under this Code of Ethics or the minimum holding period is
waived by the Compliance department. 

6. Procedural Matters 

(a) The Chief Compliance Officer of the Companies shall: 

(i) Make available to each Access Person a copy of this Code of Ethics. 

(ii) Notify each such Access Person of his or her obligation to file reports as provided by Section 7 of
this Code of Ethics. 

(iii) Report to the Board of Directors the facts contained in any reports filed with the Chief Compliance Officer
pursuant to Section 7 of this Code of Ethics when any such report indicates that an Access Person engaged in a transaction in a Security
held or to be acquired by the Companies. Additionally, an annual written report will be provided to the Board of Directors, describing
any material issues that arose during the previous year under this Code of Ethics. 

(iv) Maintain the records required by paragraph (d) of Rule 17j-1. 

(b) On an annual basis, the Board of Directors will certify that the Company has adopted procedures reasonably
necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating this Code of Ethics. 

4 

7. Reporting 

(a) Every Access Person shall report the information described in Section 7(c) of this Code of Ethics with
respect to transactions in any Security in which such Access Person has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect
beneficial ownership in the Security; provided, however, that an Access Person shall not be required to make a report with respect to
transactions effected for any account over which such person does not have any direct or indirect influence. An Access Person of
the Advisers need not make a separate report hereunder to the extent the information in the report would duplicate information required
to be reported under the Adviser s code of ethics. 

(b) An independent Director, i.e., a Director of the Companies who is not an interested person 
(as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Companies, is not required to file a report on a transaction in a Security provided
such Director neither knew nor, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a Director of the Companies, should
have known that, during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction by the Director, such Security is
or was purchased or sold by the Companies or is or was being considered for purchase by the Advisers. 

(c) An initial report shall be made within 10 days from the date in which a person was deemed an Access
Person and annually thereafter (the information in which must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person
becomes an Access Person or the annual report is submitted, respectively) and shall contain the following information: 

(i) A list of Securities, including the title, number of shares, or principal amount (if fixed income securities)
of each Security in which the Access Person had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership when the person became an Access Person; 

(ii) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any
Securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person; and 

(iii) The date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. 

(d) Thereafter, every report shall be made not later than 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter
in which the transactions to which the report relates was effected, and shall contain the following information: 

(i) the date of each transaction, the name of the Security purchased and/or sold, the interest rate and
maturity date (if applicable), the number of shares and/or the principal amount of each Security involved; 

(ii) the nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); 

5 

(iii) the price at which the transaction was effected; 

(iv) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through whom the transaction was effected; 

(v) In addition to the Securities transaction data, the report will contain representations that the employee
(i) during the period, has not purchased or sold any Securities not listed on the report; (ii) has not opened a securities brokerage account
during the period which has not been reported to the Advisers; and (iii) agrees to notify the Advisers if he/she opens a personal securities
account which has not otherwise been disclosed to the Advisers; and 

(vi) The date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. 

(e) Any such report may contain a statement that the report shall not be construed as an admission by the
person making such report that he has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership in the Security to which the report relates. 

(f) Each Access Person shall re-certify his or her familiarity with this Code of Ethics and report all security
holdings annually by completing and signing the annual certification and security report. 

(g) The Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, will review the reports submitted, and account
statements and account information provided, under this Code of Ethics to determine whether any transaction disclosed therein constitutes
a violation of this Code of Ethics. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by an Access Person, the Chief
Compliance Officer shall afford the Access Person an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. 

8. Board Oversight 

The Board of Directors must initially
approve the Code of Ethics for the Companies, and the Board of Directors must approve any material changes to the Code of Ethics within
six (6) months of such change. The Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee shall provide to the Board of Directors a written report
outlining any material issues that arose during the previous year and annually certify that the Companies have adopted procedures in compliance
with this Code of Ethics. 

9. Implementation 

The Chief Compliance Officer
or his delegate shall create a list of all Access Persons and update the list with reasonable frequency. The Chief Compliance Officer
or his delegate shall circulate a copy of this Code of Ethics (in hard copy or electronically) to each Access Person at least once each
year. 

10. Violations 

Upon determination that a violation
of this Code of Ethics has occurred, each Company may impose such sanctions as it deems appropriate, including, among other things, a
memorandum of warning, a ban on personal trading or a suspension or termination of the employment of the violator. Violations of this
Code of Ethics and any sanctions imposed with respect thereto shall be reported in a timely manner to the Board of Directors of the Companies. 

Adopted by Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC and Kayne DL 2021,
Inc.: March 1, 2022 

6 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-14.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex14-2_kayneanders.htm
 SUPPLEMENTAL ANTIFRAUD CODE OF ETHICS FOR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS

Exhibit
14.2 

KAYNE
ANDERSON BDC, INC. 

Supplemental
ANTIFRAUD Code of Ethics for 
Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

This Supplemental
Antifraud Code of Ethics (the Code for the Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers (the Covered Officers of Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. (the Company is intended to guide and remind the Covered Officers of their responsibilities
to the Company and its stockholders, other Covered Officers, and governmental authorities. Covered Officers are expected to act in accordance
with the guidance and standards set forth in this Code. The Board of Directors (the Board of the Company has adopted this
Code. All references herein to the Company apply to the Covered Officer of each such Company in connection with their duties. 

For the purposes
of this Code, the Company s Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers shall include: the Principal Executive Officer; the
Principal Financial Officer; the Principal Accounting Officer; the Controller; and any persons performing similar functions on behalf
of the Company, regardless of whether such persons are employed by the Company or a third party. 

This Code
is intended to serve as the code of ethics described in Section 406 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Form 8-K and Form N-CSR. To the
extent that a Covered Officer is subject to the Company s code of ethics adopted pursuant to Rule 17j-1 (the Rule 17j-1
Code of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), this Code is intended to supplement
and be interpreted in the context of the Rule 17j-1 Code. This Code also should be interpreted in the context of all applicable laws,
regulations, the Company s Charter and Bylaws, as amended, and all other governance and disclosure policies and documents adopted
by the Board. All Covered Officers must become familiar and fully comply with this Code. Because this Code cannot and does not cover
every applicable law or provide answers to all questions that might arise, all Covered Officers are expected to use common sense about
what is right and wrong, including a sense of when it is proper to seek guidance from others on the appropriate course of conduct. 

The purpose
of this Code is to set standards for the Covered Officers that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and are necessary to promote: 

honest
 and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest
 between personal and professional relationships; 

full,
 fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company
 files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in any other public communications by the Company; 

compliance
 with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

the
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code to the appropriate persons as set forth
 in the Code; and 

accountability
 for adherence to the Code. 

1. Honest and Ethical
 Conduct 

a. Honesty,
 Diligence and Professional Responsibility 

Covered Officers
are expected to observe both the form and the spirit of the ethical principles contained in this Code. Covered Officers must perform
their duties and responsibilities for the Company: 

with
 honesty, diligence, and a commitment to professional and ethical responsibility; 

carefully,
 thoroughly and in a timely manner; and 

in
 conformity with applicable professional and technical standards. 

Covered Officers
who are certified public accountants are expected carry out their duties and responsibilities in a manner consistent with the principles
governing the accounting profession, including any guidelines or principles issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board or
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants from time to time. 

b. Objectivity /
 Avoidance of Undisclosed Conflicts of Interest 

Each Covered
Officer should adhere to a high standard of business ethics and should be sensitive to situations that may give rise to actual as well
as apparent conflicts of interest. A conflict of interest occurs when a Covered Officer s private interest interferes
with the interests of, or the Covered Officer s service to, the Company. The overarching principle is that Covered Officers are
expected to maintain objectivity, to avoid undisclosed conflicts of interest, and to not improperly place their personal interests before
the interests of the Company. In the performance of their duties and responsibilities for the Company, Covered Officers must: 

not
 subordinate their judgment to personal gain and advantage, or be unduly influenced by their
 own interests or by the interests of others; 

avoid
 participation in any activity or relationship that constitutes a conflict of interest unless
 that conflict has been completely disclosed to affected parties; 

avoid
 participation in any activity or relationship that could create the appearance of a conflict
 of interest; 

avoid
 direct or indirect participation in any investment, interest, association, activity or relationship
 that may impair or appear to impair their objectivity; 

not
 use their personal influence or personal relationships improperly to influence investment
 decisions or financial reporting by the Company whereby they would benefit personally to
 the detriment of the Company; 

2 

not
 cause the Company to take action, or fail to take action, for their individual personal benefit
 rather than the benefit of the Company; and 

not
 receive, directly or indirectly (such as through a member of the Covered Officer s
 family), improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position with the Company. 

Any Covered
Officer who may be involved in a situation or activity that might be a conflict of interest or give the appearance of a conflict of interest
should consider reporting such situation or activity using the reporting procedures set forth in Section 4 of this Code. The Audit Committee
will not be responsible for monitoring or enforcing this conflict of interest policy, but rather each Covered Officer is responsible
for self-compliance with this conflict of interest policy. 

The following
list provides examples of some potential conflict of interest situations that should be reported using the reporting procedures set forth
in Section 4 of this Code; Covered Officers should keep in mind that these examples are not exhaustive: 

service
 as a director on the board of any public company; 

the
 receipt of any gift in excess of 150 from any company with which the Company has current
 or prospective business dealings; 

the
 receipt of any entertainment from any company with which the Company has current or prospective
 business dealings unless such entertainment is business related, reasonable in cost, appropriate
 as to time and place, and not so frequent as to raise any question of impropriety; 

any
 ownership interest in, or any consulting or employment relationship with, any of the Company s
 service providers, other than its investment adviser, principal underwriter, administrator
 or any affiliated person thereof; 

a
 direct or indirect financial interest in commissions, transaction charges or spreads paid
 by the Company for effecting portfolio transactions or for selling or redeeming shares other
 than an interest arising from the Covered Officer s employment, such as compensation
 or equity ownership. 

Although
typically not presenting an opportunity for improper personal benefit, conflicts may arise from, or as a result of, the contractual relationship
between the Company and the investment adviser of which a Covered Officer may also be an officer or an employee. As a result, this Code
recognizes that the Covered Officers may, in the normal course of their duties (whether formally for the Company or for the adviser,
or for both), be involved in establishing policies and implementing decisions that will have different effects on the adviser and the
Company. The participation of such Covered Officers in such activities is inherent in the contractual relationship between the Company
and the adviser and is consistent with the performance by the Covered Officers of their duties as officers of the Company. Thus, if performed
in conformity with applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Advisers Act ), such activities will be deemed to have been handled ethically. Other conflicts of interest are covered by this
Code, even if such conflicts of interest are not subject to provisions in the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act. 

3 

c. Preparation of
 Financial Statements 

Covered Officers
must not knowingly make any misrepresentations regarding the Company s financial statements or any facts in the preparation of
the Company s financial statements, and must comply with all applicable laws, standards, principles, guidelines, rules and regulations
in the preparation of the Company s financial statements. This section is intended to prohibit: 

making,
 or permitting or directing another to make, materially false or misleading entries in the
 Company s financial statements or records; 

failing
 to correct the Company s financial statements or records that are materially false
 or misleading when he or she has the authority to record an entry; and 

signing,
 or permitting or directing another to sign, a document containing materially false or misleading
 financial information. 

Covered Officers
must be scrupulous in their application of generally accepted accounting principles. No Covered Officer may (i) express an opinion or
state affirmatively that the financial statements or other financial data of the Company are presented in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles, or (ii) state that he or she is not aware of any material modifications that should be made to such statements
or data in order for them to be in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, if such statements or data contain any departure
from generally accepted accounting principles then in effect in the United States. 

Covered Officers
must follow the laws, standards, principles, guidelines, rules and regulations established by all applicable governmental bodies, commissions
or other regulatory agencies in the preparation of financial statements, records and related information. If a Covered Officer prepares
financial statements, records or related information for purposes of reporting to such bodies, commissions or regulatory agencies, the
Covered Officer must follow the requirements of such organizations in addition to generally accepted accounting principles. 

If a Covered
Officer and his or her supervisor have a disagreement or dispute relating to the preparation of financial statements or the recording
of transactions, the Covered Officer should take the following steps to ensure that the situation does not constitute an impermissible
subordination of judgment: 

The
 Covered Officer should consider whether (i) the entry or the failure to record a transaction
 in the records, or (ii) the financial statement presentation or the nature or omission of
 disclosure in the financial statements, as proposed by the supervisor, represents the use
 of an acceptable alternative and does not materially misrepresent the facts or result in
 an omission of a material fact. If, after appropriate research or consultation, the Covered
 Officer concludes that the matter has authoritative support and/or does not result in a material
 misrepresentation, the Covered Officer need do nothing further. 

4 

If
 the Covered Officer concludes that the financial statements or records could be materially
 misstated as a result of the supervisor s determination, the Covered Officer should
 follow the reporting procedures set forth in Section 4 of this Code. 

d. Obligations to
 the Independent Auditor of the Company 

In dealing
with the Company s independent auditor, Covered Officers must be candid and not knowingly misrepresent facts or knowingly fail
to disclose material facts, and must respond to specific inquiries and requests by the Company s independent auditor. 

Covered Officers
must not take any action, or direct any person to take any action, to fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate or mislead the Company s
independent auditor in the performance of an audit of the Company s financial statements for the purpose of rendering such financial
statements materially misleading. 

2. Full, Fair, Accurate,
 Timely and Understandable Disclosure 

It is the
Company s policy to provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company
files with, or submits to, the SEC and in any other public communications by the Company. The Company has designed and implemented Disclosure
Controls and Procedures to carry out this policy. 

Covered Officers
are expected to use their best efforts to promote, facilitate, and prepare full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure
in all reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the SEC and in any other public communications by the Company. 

Covered Officers
must review the Company s Disclosure Controls and Procedures to ensure they are aware of and carry out their duties and responsibilities
in accordance with the Disclosure Controls and Procedures and the public reporting obligations of the Company. Covered Officers are responsible
for monitoring the integrity and effectiveness of the Company s Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

3. Compliance with
 Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations 

Covered Officers
are expected to know, respect and comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the conduct of the Company s business.
If a Covered Officer is in doubt about the legality or propriety of an action, business practice or policy, the Covered Officer should
seek advice from the Covered Officer s supervisor or the Company s legal counsel. 

5 

In the performance
of their work, Covered Officers must not knowingly be a party to any illegal activity or engage in acts that are discreditable to the
Company. 

Covered Officers
are expected to promote the Company s compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. To promote such compliance, Covered
Officers may establish and maintain mechanisms to educate employees carrying out the finance and compliance functions of the Company
about any applicable laws, rules or regulations that affect the operation of the finance and compliance functions and the Company generally. 

4. Reporting of Illegal
 or Unethical Behavior 

Covered Officers
should promptly report any conduct or actions by a Covered Officer that do not comply with the law or with this Code, failure to do so
is itself a violation of this Code. Covered Officers and the Company shall adhere to the following reporting procedures: 

Any
 Covered Officer who questions whether a situation, activity or practice is acceptable must
 immediately report such practice to the Principal Executive Officer of the Company (or to
 a Covered Officer who is the functional equivalent of this position) or to the Company s
 legal counsel. The person receiving the report shall consider the matter and respond to the
 Covered Officer within a reasonable amount of time. 

If
 the Covered Officer is not satisfied with the response of the Principal Executive Officer
 or counsel, the Covered Officer must report the matter to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
 If the Chairman is unavailable, the Covered Officer may report the matter to any other member
 of the Audit Committee. The person receiving the report shall consider the matter, refer
 it to the full Audit Committee if he or she deems appropriate, and respond to the Covered
 Officer within a reasonable amount of time. 

If,
 after receiving a response, the Covered Officer concludes that appropriate action was not
 taken, he or she should consider any responsibility that may exist to communicate to third
 parties, such as regulatory authorities or the Company s independent auditor. In this
 matter, the Covered Officer may wish to consult with his or her own legal counsel. 

The
 Audit Committee and the Company will not be responsible for monitoring or enforcing this
 reporting of violations policy, but rather each Covered Officer is responsible for self-compliance
 with this reporting of violations policy. 

To
 the extent possible and as allowed by law, reports will be treated as confidential. 

If
 the Audit Committee determines that a Covered Officer violated this Code, failed to report
 a known or suspected violation of this Code, or provided intentionally false or malicious
 information in connection with an alleged violation of this Code, the Company may take disciplinary
 action against any such Covered Officer to the extent the Audit Committee deems appropriate.
 No Covered Officer will be disciplined for reporting a concern in good faith. 

The
 Company and the Audit Committee may report violations of the law to the appropriate authorities. 

6 

5. Accountability
 and Applicability 

All Covered
Officers will be held accountable for adherence to this Code. On an annual basis, within 30 days of the beginning of each calendar year,
each Covered Officer shall certify in writing his or her receipt, familiarity and commitment to compliance with this Code, by signing
the Acknowledgment Form Appendix A to this Code). Covered Officers will not retaliate against any other Covered Officer or any
employee of the Company or their affiliated persons for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith. 

This Code
is applicable to all Covered Officers, regardless of whether such persons are employed by the Company or a third party. If a Covered
Officer is aware of a person Potential Officer who may be considered a Covered Officer as defined by this Code, the Covered
Officer should inform legal counsel to the Company of such Potential Officer so that a determination can be made regarding whether such
Potential Officer has completed or should complete an Acknowledgment Form. However, the absence of such a determination will not be deemed
to relieve any person of his or her duties under this Code. 

6. Disclosure of
 this Code 

This Code
shall be disclosed by at least one of the following methods in the manner prescribed by the SEC, unless otherwise required by law: 

by
 filing a copy of the Code with the SEC; 

by
 posting the text of the Code on the Company s website; or 

by
 providing, without charge, a copy of the Code to any person upon request. 

7. Waivers 

Any waiver
of this Code, including an implicit waiver, that has been granted to a Covered Officer, may be made only by the Board or a committee
of the Board to which such responsibility has been delegated, and must be disclosed by the Company in the manner prescribed by law and
as set forth above in Section 6 (Disclosure of this Code). 

8. Amendments 

This Code
may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. Any amendment of this Code, must be disclosed by the Company in the
manner prescribed by law and as set forth above in Section 6 (Disclosure of this Code), unless such amendment is deemed to be technical,
administrative, or otherwise non-substantive. Any amendments to this Code will be provided to the Covered Officers. 

Approved
by the Board of Directors of Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. on October 6, 2020. 

7 

Appendix
A 

Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc. 

Certification
and Acknowledgment of Receipt of Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics for Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

I acknowledge
and certify that I have received a copy of the company s Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics for Principal Officers and Senior
Financial Officers (the Code ). I understand and agree that it is my responsibility to read and familiarize myself with
the policies and procedures contained in the Code and to abide by those policies and procedures. 

I acknowledge
my commitment to comply with the Code. 

Officer Name (Please Print) 
 
 Officer Signature 

Date 

8 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_kayneanders.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I, James C. Baker, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Kayne Anderson BDC,
Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the
Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James C. Baker, Jr. 

James C. Baker, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_kayneanders.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I, Terry A. Hart, Chief Financial Officer of Kayne
Anderson BDC, Inc., (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the
Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Terry A. Hart 

Terry A. Hart 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_kayneanders.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), James C. Baker, Jr., as Chief Executive Officer of the Company certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge : 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James C. Baker, Jr. 

Name: 
 James C. Baker, Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 10, 2023 

The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_kayneanders.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief
Financial Officer Pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Terry A. Hart, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Terry A. Hart 

Name: 
 Terry A. Hart 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March 10, 2023 

The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck0001747172-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ck0001747172-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ck0001747172-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ck0001747172-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ck0001747172-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

