<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1420520_0001683168-23-000938.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4499196</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163955</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>939458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1153218</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1003586</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1127697</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-000938.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215160055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-000938
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atomera Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420520
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37850
		FILM NUMBER:		23635313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 280
		CITY:			LOS GATOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-442-5248

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 280
		CITY:			LOS GATOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95032

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEARS TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-000938.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 atomera_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 

 , 

 (Address, including zip code, of registrant s
principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

State the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter:
 . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 10 or more of the
outstanding common stock (as determined based on public filings) have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.
This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 

As of February 8, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The registrant intends to file a definitive proxy
statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Portions of such proxy
statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

ATOMERA INCORPORATED 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 20 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 25 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 45 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 45 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 46 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 46 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 

Signatures 
 49 

i 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created
by those sections. The words believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, should, 
 ongoing, project, plan, expect and similar expressions that convey uncertainty
of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements concerning the following: 

our future financial and operating results; 

our intentions, expectations and beliefs regarding anticipated growth, technology adoption, market penetration and trends in our business; 

the timing and success of our plan of commercialization; 

our ability to operate our license and royalty-based business model; 

the effects of market conditions on our stock price and operating results; 

our ability to maintain our competitive technological advantages against competitors in our industry; 

our ability to have our technology solutions gain market acceptance; 

our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

the effects of competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; 

costs associated with initiating and defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; 

our expectations concerning our relationships with customers, potential customers, partners and other third parties; 

the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; 

future acquisitions of or investments in complementary companies or technologies; and 

our ability to comply with evolving legal standards and regulations, particularly concerning requirements for being a public company. 

These forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report and our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly
changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact
of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking
events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those
anticipated or implied in our forward-looking statements. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances described in the
forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy
and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any
reason after the date of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as
required by law. 

You should read this Annual Report
and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits with
the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different
from what we expect. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

Company Overview 

We are engaged in the business
of developing, commercializing and licensing proprietary processes and technologies for the 550+ billion semiconductor industry. Our
lead technology, named Mears Silicon Technology , or MST , is a thin film of reengineered silicon, typically 100
to 300 angstroms (or approximately 20 to 60 silicon atomic unit cells) thick. MST can be applied as a transistor channel enhancement to
CMOS-type transistors, the most widely used transistor type in the semiconductor industry. MST is our proprietary and patent-protected
performance enhancement technology that we believe addresses a number of key engineering challenges facing the semiconductor industry.
We believe that by incorporating MST, transistors can be made smaller, with increased speed, reliability and power efficiency. In addition,
since MST is an additive and low-cost technology, we believe it can be deployed on an industrial scale, with machines commonly used in
semiconductor manufacturing. We believe that MST can be widely incorporated into the most common types of semiconductor products, including
analog, logic, optical and memory integrated circuits. 

We do not intend to design or
manufacture integrated circuits directly. Instead, we develop and license technologies and processes that we believe offer the designers
and manufacturers of integrated circuits a low-cost solution to the industry s need for greater performance and lower power consumption.
Our customers and partners include: 

foundries, which manufacture integrated circuits on behalf of fabless manufacturers; 

integrated device manufacturers, or IDMs, which are the fully-integrated designers and manufacturers of integrated circuits; 

fabless semiconductor manufacturers, which are designers of integrated circuits that outsource the manufacturing of their chips to foundries; 

original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, that manufacture the epitaxial, or epi, machines used to deposit semiconductor layers, such as the MST film, onto silicon wafers; and 

electronic design automation companies, which make tools used throughout the industry to simulate performance of semiconductor products using different materials, design structures and process technologies. 

We currently generate revenue
through licensing arrangements whereby our customers initially pay us a fee for an integration license that provides them the right to
use MST technology (with MST film deposited for the customer by Atomera) in the manufacture of silicon wafers for internal testing and
sampling. Our goal is for each integration license to be the first of a three-stage licensing process with the customer, with the first
integration stage to be followed by one or more agreements granting them manufacturing and distribution licenses. Our manufacturing license
grants our customer rights to manufacture MST-enabled products for internal use only and the grant typically occurs when we deliver our
MST film recipe to the customer. A distribution license grants the customer the rights to manufacture MST-enabled products for sale to
their customers. Agreements granting manufacturing and distribution licenses provide for substantially larger upfront license fee payments
than the integration licenses, and distribution agreements will require licensees to make royalty payments to us based on the number and
sales price of MST-enabled products they sell to their customers. We also generate revenue through engineering services provided to customers
during their evaluation of MST technology. Starting in late 2020, we have been providing our MSTcad software which enables customers to
simulate the effects of MST on their products using Synopsys, Inc. s technology computer-aided design, or TCAD, software. 

Starting in 2019, we began to
develop deeper relationships with several potential large scale customers who were evaluating MST across multiple manufacturing processes
and product lines. Accordingly, we have begun engaging with certain customers under an engagement format called a joint development agreement,
or JDA, to certain customers. Our JDAs are customized to each customer s goals and they include development, technology transfer,
manufacturing and licensing components. 

1 

In January 2021, we entered into
a JDA with a leading semiconductor provider for integration of our MST technology into their manufacturing process. Under this JDA, we
granted our customer a paid manufacturing license pursuant to which the customer installed the recipe for our MST film into a tool in
their fab and was authorized to fabricate semiconductor wafers incorporating MST for internal use. This JDA also includes development
milestones that we achieved in February 2022, resulting in additional revenue to us. Although this JDA does not confer commercial distribution
rights, we believe that successful achievement of the JDA milestones is a significant step toward commercialization, as it should facilitate
progress toward integrating MST into one or more of our customer s multiple production lines and thus provide opportunities for
additional license revenues and potential royalty streams. In April 2022, we entered into a JDA with a major semiconductor foundry which
contains technical targets which, if achieved, should result in a paid licenses and engineering services revenue. Although this JDA does
not confer commercial distribution rights, we believe that achievement of the JDA s technical objectives would be a significant
step toward commercialization. 

In September and October 2018,
respectively, we entered into separate integration license agreements with Asahi Kasei Microdevices, or AKM, and STMicroelectronics, or
ST, both of which are leading IDMs. In October 2019, we entered into an integration license agreement with a leading fabless RF semiconductor
provider. In February 2022, we entered into an integration license agreement with a semiconductor foundry. Under the integration license
agreements, these customers have paid us for the right to evaluate MST technology, which is integrated onto their semiconductor wafers.
We deposit MST onto the customers wafers and the customer has the right under the license agreement to complete the manufacturing
process, which enables them to evaluate our technology and to provide limited samples to their customers. These agreements do not grant
our customers the right to deposit MST at their site or to sell products incorporating MST. 

To date, initial application of
our MST technology has been for power devices, RFSOI devices and advanced CMOS integrated circuits. CMOS integrated circuits are the most
widely used type of integrated circuits in the semiconductor industry. As applied to CMOS-type transistors, MST functions as a transistor
channel enhancement. We believe MST has the potential to overcome the key challenges found in the implementation of next generation nano-scale
semiconductor devices incorporating CMOS type transistors, namely enhancing drive current, reducing gate leakage and reducing variability.
In addition, we believe that MST has the potential to deliver these benefits through a single technology that requires relatively minor
modifications to the industry-standard CMOS manufacturing flow. Consequently, we believe that by incorporating MST, designers can make
transistors with increased speed, reliability and energy efficiency, without significantly altering the current fabrication process or
cost of production. 

We were organized as a Delaware
limited liability company under the name Nanovis LLC on November 26, 2001. On March 13, 2007, we converted to a Delaware corporation under
the name Mears Technologies, Inc. On January 12, 2016, we changed our name to Atomera Incorporated. Shares of our common stock are listed
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ATOM . 

Industry Overview 

Semiconductors, Generally 

Recent years have seen a remarkable
proliferation of consumer and commercial products, especially in wireless, automotive and high-speed devices. Cloud computing and artificial
intelligence technologies have provided people with new ways to create, store and share information. At the same time, the increasing
use of electronics in cars, buildings, appliances and other consumer products is creating a broad landscape of smart devices
such as wearable technologies and The Internet of Things. These trends in both enterprise and consumer applications are driving increasing
demand for integrated circuits and systems with greater functionality and performance, reduced size, and much less power consumption as
key requirements. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated trends toward remote work, cloud computing and mobile devices. These trends coincided
with the rollout of 5G cellular networks and 5G-enabled devices, growing popularity of augmented and virtual reality technologies and
the growth in popularity of cryptocurrencies, all of which require high levels of processing power. 

These developments depend, in
large part, on integrated circuits, or microchips, which are sets of electronic circuits on a single chip of semiconductor material, normally
silicon. It is common for a single semiconductor chip to combine many components (processor, communications, memory, custom logic, input/output)
resulting in highly complex chip designs. Transistors are the building blocks of integrated circuits and the most complex semiconductor
chips today contain more than a billion transistors, each of which may have features that are much less than 1/1,000 th the
diameter of a human hair. 

2 

The most widely used transistors
in semiconductor chips today are based on CMOS technology. Among its many attributes, CMOS allows for a higher density of transistors
on a chip and lower power usage than non-CMOS technologies. 

The Pursuit of Increased Semiconductor Performance 

For years, the semiconductor industry
was able to almost double the number of transistors it could pack into a single microchip about every two years, a rate of improvement
commonly known as Moore s Law. The semiconductor industry uses the term node to describe the minimum
line width or geometry on a semiconductor chip, expressed in nanometers, or nm, for today s technologies. Historically, smaller
nodes enables more densely packed designs that produced less costly products on a per-transistor basis. Frequently, smaller nodes also
correspond to an improvement in chip performance, making them the mile markers of Moore s Law, with each node marking a new generation
of chip-manufacturing technology. 

Until recently, the industry succeeded
at maintaining the rate of improvement predicted by Moore s Law by scaling the key transistor parameters, such as shrinking feature
sizes and reducing operating voltages, thereby allowing more transistors to be packed onto a single microchip. This trend was facilitated
in large part by the development of CMOS technologies. However, a discontinuity in the rate of improvement delivered by scaling appeared
when transistor technology reached feature sizes below 100 nanometers. The industry responded with advanced materials to supplement the
ongoing geometry shrinks. Some of those materials advances included strained silicon, Silicon-on-Insulator and High-K/Metal Gate. Semiconductor
makers also attempted to obtain performance improvements through more exotic design architectures which frequently required material innovations
to support their manufacturability and reliability. 

The designers and manufacturers
of integrated circuits and systems our targeted customers are facing intense pressure to deliver innovative products while
constantly reducing their time-to-market and prices. In other words, innovation in chip and system design today often hinges on better,
sooner and cheaper. We believe that the semiconductor industry has accepted that moving forward in the nano-era will require adoption
of new innovations that extend the scaling formula, including those based on the use of new engineered materials, a market opportunity
our MST technology seeks to address. Because shrinking geometries at the smaller nodes incurs higher capital and manufacturing costs,
only a limited number of companies can afford to continue investing in those nodes. We believe these constraints will cause semiconductor
designers and manufacturers to turn to engineered materials, like MST, to solve this problem. 

Vertical Disaggregation of the Industry 

In trying to keep research and
development costs manageable, while attempting to satisfy the demand for increasingly complex semiconductors, certain designers and manufacturers
of integrated circuits have transitioned to a more open innovation model in which competing companies and third-party providers actively
collaborate to address performance issues through various alliances, joint ventures, and licensing of externally developed technology. 

Historically, most semiconductor
companies were vertically integrated. They designed, fabricated, packaged and tested their semiconductors using internally developed software
design tools and manufacturing processes and equipment. As the cost and skills required for designing and manufacturing complex semiconductors
have increased, the semiconductor industry has become disaggregated, with companies concentrating on one or more individual stages of
the semiconductor development and production process. This disaggregation has fueled the growth of fabless semiconductor companies, design
tool vendors, semiconductor equipment manufacturers, third-party semiconductor manufacturers (or foundries), semiconductor assembly, package
and test companies, and intellectual property companies that develop and license technology to others. 

While specialization has enabled
greater development and manufacturing efficiency, it has also created an opportunity for licensing companies, such as Atomera, that develop
and license technology to meet fundamental, industry-wide challenges. These intellectual property companies have been able to gain broad
adoption of their technology throughout the industry by working with companies within the semiconductor supply chain to evaluate and integrate
their technology. Manufacturers and designers of semiconductors increasingly find it more cost-effective to license technologies from
IP-based companies than to develop processes internally that are not their core competence. We believe this collaboration and integration
of externally-developed IP benefits semiconductor companies by enabling them to bring new technology to market faster and more cost-effectively. 

3 

Applications of Mears Silicon Technology 

The initial applications of MST
are for power devices, RFSOI devices and advanced CMOS integrated circuits. We offer MST-SP, which is a type of MST-enabled power device
that offers what we believe to be industry-leading on-resistance (also referred to as Rsp) and reduced footprint (enabling smaller devices).
We believe that the MST-SP devices will have immediate application in power management integrated circuits (or PMICs) which are pervasive
in hand-held, battery-powered devices and elsewhere. We also believe that insertion of MST can provide higher current and improved control
of dopants, leading to improved device scaling. 

We believe MST has the potential
to overcome the key challenges found in the implementation of next generation nano-scale semiconductor devices incorporating CMOS-type
transistors, namely enhancing drive current, reducing gate leakage and reducing variability. In addition, we believe that MST has the
potential to deliver these benefits through a single technology that requires relatively minor modifications to the industry standard
CMOS manufacturing flow. Consequently, we believe that by incorporating MST, designers can make transistors with increased speed, reliability
and energy efficiency, without significantly altering the current fabrication process or cost of production. 

As illustrated by the accompanying
diagram, MST is a silicon-on-silicon solution that provides multiple potential benefits through a relatively simple modification
to the standard CMOS manufacturing flow. MST improvements are delivered through our proprietary and patent-protected approach that is
based on the quantum mechanics of modern deep sub-micron devices. The MST film allows carriers (electrons and holes) to flow more freely
in the plane of the transistor, thereby enhancing drive current, while reducing carrier flow or leakage in the transverse
direction. Our MST film can also create more controlled doping profiles, which allow dopants to be held in the desired locations, thereby
enabling optimized device designs, lower variability and improved production yield. 

4 

We believe the enhancements enabled
by MST, as demonstrated in simulations and on our own and our customers test chips, are approximately equivalent to the enhancements
enabled by one-half to a full node of improvement and, therefore, can extend the productive life of capital equipment and wafer fabrication
facilities. The extent of MST-enabled enhancement depends on the device technology and application. We believe that MST compares favorably
to other alternatives for enhancing performance of CMOS-type transistors as follows: 

Strained Silicon and Silicon-on-Insulator, or SOI : Unlike strained silicon or SOI, we believe that MST delivers multiple benefits in a single film in a cost-effective manner, including enhanced transistor drive current, reduced leakage, and reduced variability. Also, strained silicon tends to lose much of its effectiveness below 45nm, constraining its scalability, while our results to date indicate that the MST thin-film approach is scalable to the leading-edge nodes used for three-dimensional transistor devices using FinFET and gate-all-around structures. Based on our own research and development and third-party evaluations, we believe that MST can deliver improved cost-benefit performance, in most cases in an additive manner, compared to already successful strain technologies, such as dual stress liners and SiGe. Work with our foundry partners and fabless licensee shows potential for additive improvements on specialized SOI wafers used to manufacture radio frequency, or RF, devices, which are also referred to as RFSOI wafers. 

High-K/Metal Gate, or HKMG : Unlike HKMG, MST is silicon-based. As a silicon-on-silicon solution, MST does not require new materials or equipment, which in our opinion makes it much easier and less costly to adopt than HKMG for devices not requiring ultrathin gate dielectrics. For devices with HKMG, lab tests and simulations indicate that MST benefits transistor performance and variability in a similar manner to the benefits observed in non-HKMG devices. Testing conducted with our university research partners indicates that MST has the potential to provide additive performance benefits in devices using HKMG. 

Because of its physical characteristics
in the channel region of the transistor, we believe MST has the further benefit of being complementary and additive to the performance-enhancing
technologies noted above, making MST broadly applicable across multiple devices and process flows to meet a wide variety of customer design
objectives. Given the costs of moving to more advanced technologies, we believe one of the most compelling aspects of MST is its cost/benefit
profile. We believe that MST will provide a lower cost of production due to our technology s potential to reduce die size while
leveraging existing manufacturing tools, thereby providing chip makers with increased performance at all process nodes with significantly
fewer disruptions to manufacturing processes and less incremental cost than other advanced technologies. 

We believe MST can improve transistor
performance in a variety of device types including microprocessors; logic products; analog, RF, and mixed-signal devices; as well as DRAM,
SRAM, and other memory integrated circuits. We have therefore developed different MST product options that can be applied to the critical
industry segments and technology nodes. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have done technology simulation work with universities
and leading industry players at nodes from 180nm to 5nm. We have also simulated devices with leading industry research facilities and
built and electrically verified test chips using MST in customer manufacturing facilities which have produced results that demonstrate
many of the benefits described above. 

Development Partnerships 

TSI Semiconductors. Since
2016 we have worked under a Master R D Services Agreement with TSI Technology Development Commercialization Services LLC (or
TSI). Under this agreement, TSI provides us with engineering services in their semiconductor manufacturing facility in California. By
running tests in TSI's facility, which we utilize to run tests on a contract basis, we are able to build and test devices that incorporate
MST much more quickly than when we test in our potential customers' facilities. We believe this arrangement enables faster product development,
test, and integration, and should accelerate our time to market. 

5 

Synopsys . Since 2017 we
have worked in collaboration with Synopsys, Inc., a provider of the most broadly used TCAD simulation software in the semiconductor industry.
As a result of our collaboration, Synopsys software now supports modeling of MST, which enables semiconductor manufacturers and
designers to model the interaction of MST with other process steps. In December 2020, we announced availability of our MSTcad TM 
software which runs on Synopsys Sentaurus TCAD software and enables semiconductor engineers to simulate the benefits of integrating
MST in a variety of devices. We continually refine our MSTcad software by calibrating our models against measured silicon results and
we regularly release updates to that software. We believe these capabilities are helping us focus integration efforts for potential customers
more quickly on those areas most likely to deliver benefits, thus shortening test cycles and, we believe, accelerating the time to a license
decision. In the last three years, semiconductor fabs have generally been running at high capacity to keep up with industry supply shortages
which has made it challenging for us to run wafers through our customers fabrication lines. MSTcad has been increasingly used by
existing and potential customers to identify applications where MST can have the greatest benefit, without requiring access to customer
fabs. 

Epi Tool Lease. In August
2021 we completed the acceptance process of an Applied Materials Centura epitaxial deposition reactor which handles both 200mm and 300mm
wafers. We utilize this tool under a five-year lease and perform deposition on both customer and internal R D wafers. The terms of
our tool lease include the lessor s maintenance and support as well as access to a clean-room with advanced cleaning and inspection
tools. 

MST Commercialization 

We do not intend to design or
manufacture integrated circuits directly. Instead, we develop and license technologies and processes that offer the designers and manufacturers
of integrated circuits increased performance at a lower cost than currently-available alternatives. Our customers and partners include
foundries, integrated device manufacturers, or IDMs, fabless semiconductor manufacturers, OEMs that manufacture epitaxial deposition,
or EPI, machines, and electronic design automation software companies, such as Synopsys. 

Our business model is to enter
into licensing arrangements whereby foundries and IDMs pay us a license fee for their use of MST technology in the manufacture of silicon
wafers as well as a royalty for each silicon wafer (in the case of foundries) or device (in the case of IDMs) that they sell that incorporates
MST. In the case of fabless semiconductor licensees, our strategy is to charge a royalty for each device they sell that incorporates our
MST technology. The primary beneficiaries of our commercialization activities are the IDMs and fabless semiconductor manufacturers, as
they produce and distribute the integrated circuit devices which are enhanced when they incorporate MST technology. The foundries and
OEMs also play an important role in our commercialization strategy because these parties traditionally seek to provide new and improved
technologies to their customers the fabless semiconductor manufacturers in the case of the foundries, and the IDMs and foundries
in the case of the OEMs. 

In the semiconductor industry,
new technologies are vetted thoroughly and carefully by early adopters who are trying to achieve differentiation over competitors. After
the early adopters prove the technology in production, it then tends to be broadly and relatively quickly adopted by followers 
who need to overcome their competitive disadvantage. Due to the cost and complexity of semiconductor manufacturing processes and the desire
to maintain a stable and repeatable process flow, new technologies tend to be adopted broadly by the industry and, wherever possible,
exploited for several generations until they are fully optimized and adoption costs are fully absorbed. 

Although each customer or potential
customer follows an evaluation and adoption model that is particular to its business model and product focus, our engagements generally
consist of the following phases: 

1. 
 Engineering Planning: In this phase we engage in a technical exchange of information under a non-disclosure agreement to understand the customer s manufacturing process and to determine how best to integrate the deposition of MST film onto the customer s semiconductor wafers. 

2. 
 Set-up for MST Integration: We agree upon the technical evaluation details, including the expected rounds of evaluation testing, the parameters to be tested and allocation of costs. Customers provide us with wafers for our internal processing and physical characterization. Some customers work together with us to develop a TCAD model showing possible results of MST integration with their particular manufacturing process. 

6 

3. 
 MST Integration. Typically, this phase includes several rounds of tests that involve building test devices on a semiconductor wafer using our MST technology within the customer s manufacturing process flow. In this phase, we perform the MST deposition on customer wafers, so wafers must be shipped back and forth between the customer and Atomera. We believe that this phase will continue to be the longest in our customer engagement process because integrating into a customer s flow frequently requires us to conduct subsequent tests based on the result of earlier test runs. This phase also requires investment of time and resources by customers. In order to progress beyond this phase, we must demonstrate benefits at a commercially significant level. It is difficult for both customers and for Atomera to estimate the amount of time a customer will be in the integration phase. 

4. 
 Process Installation . Prior to enabling a customer to install and use MST technology on epitaxial deposition machines in their own fab, we require execution of a manufacturing license which grants rights limited to manufacturing MST-enabled products for internal R D and qualification, but does not give the customer the right to distribute or sell products that use MST. The JDA that we announced in January 2021 granted a manufacturing license to our customer enabling the customer to install the MST film recipe in an epi tool in their fab for its internal use, at which point this customer entered Phase Four. 

5. 
 Technology qualification . After installation of MST in the fab, the customer will conduct additional testing to ensure manufacturing reliability under accelerated test conditions that simulate volume production. Upon successfully completing the qualification phase, products can be built and shipped using this manufacturing process. We have not had any customer move into Phase Five as of the date of this Annual Report. 

6. 
 Production . We expect that our license agreements will provide that upon commencement of sales of wafers or devices built using MST, our customer will pay us a royalty that will be a percentage of the selling price of the wafer or device, depending on the type of customer. 

While the above steps describe
a model customer engagement, we have engaged with some customers in ways that do not follow this precise order. JDAs are an example of
an engagement format that may combine engineering service, development, manufacturing, process optimization and other joint activities
that do not follow the order described above. In addition, we may from time to time enter into evaluation license agreements with certain
customers under which they may install MST in their fabs to run internal tests only and not for commercial use or distribution. Other
potential customers may run tests on wafers containing MST prior to further engagement with us to integrate MST into their manufacturing
process. 

We believe that our success is
dependent upon the adoption of our MST technology through to commercial production by at least one IDM, foundry, or fabless semiconductor
manufacturer. As of the date of this Annual Report, MST was in the integration phase (Phase Three as described above) on 14 different
engagements and one engagement in Phase Four (process installation). Subject to process and subsequent product qualifications that demonstrate,
in commercial scale production, the enhancements we believe our MST technology offers, including increased speed, reliability and energy
efficiency, we expect that one or more of these companies will obtain licenses from us to take our MST technology to commercial production. 

We are also working with OEMs
on process development and equipment optimization to ensure that MST can be reliably and predictably deposited using their manufacturing
tools. We have successfully deposited MST using tools made by each of the leading epitaxial deposition equipment suppliers and we believe
that if we are successful in our commercialization efforts, these tool OEMs will promote the incorporation of our MST technology as an
option to their standard offering. By doing so, we believe they will simultaneously stimulate additional sales of their capital equipment
and encourage more customers to adopt MST. 

Through our collaboration with
Synopsys, we enable potential customers of MST to more quickly assess the potential benefits of MST to their semiconductor devices. By
creating TCAD software models, we can work with manufacturers to assess which of their product types would most benefit from MST. We believe
this modeling capability has shortened the time required for us to engage with new potential customers and should ultimately lead to a
faster decision process by the customer regarding licensing MST. 

We market our MST technology directly
to the semiconductor industry through our significant industry contacts and relationships. We also sponsor academic research and participate
in industry conferences and associations. In certain foreign jurisdictions, we engage sales representatives to assist us in establishing
relationships with local customers. 

7 

Customers 

In January 2021, we entered into
a JDA with a leading semiconductor provider for integration of our MST technology into their manufacturing process. Under this JDA we
granted our customer a paid manufacturing license pursuant to which the customer installed the recipe for our MST film into a tool in
their fab and was authorized to fabricate semiconductor wafers incorporating MST for internal use. This JDA also includes development
milestones that we achieved in February 2022, resulting in additional revenue to us. Although this JDA does not confer commercial distribution
rights, we believe that successful achievement of the JDA milestones is a significant step toward commercialization as it should facilitate
progress toward integrating MST into one or more of our customer s multiple production lines and thus provide opportunities for
additional license revenues and potential royalty streams. In April 2022, we entered into a JDA with a major semiconductor foundry. 

In September and October 2018,
respectively, we entered into separate integration license agreements with AKM and ST, both of which are leading IDMs. In October 2019
we entered into an integration license agreement with a leading fabless RF semiconductor provider. In February 2022 we entered into an
integration license agreement with a semiconductor foundry. Under the integration license agreements, these customers have each agreed
to pay us for the right to evaluate MST technology which is integrated onto their semiconductor wafers. We deposit MST onto the customers 
wafers and the customer has the right under the license agreement to complete the manufacturing process which enables them to evaluate
our technology. These agreements do not grant the customer the right to deposit MST at their site or to sell products incorporating MST
and all of our licensees are in our Phase Three (MST Integration). 

We intend that each integration
license agreement will be the first of a three-stage licensing process with each of AKM, ST, our RF licensee and our foundry licensee,
to be followed by manufacturing and distribution license agreements with each of them. Those manufacturing and distribution license agreements,
if executed, will allow each licensee to manufacture or in the case of our RF licensee, to have its foundry partner manufacture
 MST-enabled products and to sell them to their customers. We expect that the manufacturing and distribution agreements will provide
for substantially larger upfront license fee payments than the integration license fees and will require the respective licensees to make
royalty payments to us based on the number and sales price of MST-enabled products they sell to their customers. However, our ability
to enter into royalty-based manufacturing and distribution agreements with our licensees under our integration license agreements will
depend, in large part, on the performance of devices they build using MST and the successful integration of our MST technology on a high-volume
production scale. There can be no assurance that our MST technology will deliver the performance, power, cost reduction or other requirements
our customers seek for their products or that the integration of our technology with our customers manufacturing process will be
successful in high volume. In addition, even if our MST technology meets our customers technical objectives one or more of our
licensees may decide, for reasons unrelated to the price or performance of our MST technology, not to enter into manufacturing and distribution
license agreements. 

Competition 

Our lead product, MST, is a proprietary
and patent-protected performance enhancement technology that we believe addresses a number of key engineering challenges facing the semiconductor
industry. Historically, development of a new material technology for the semiconductor industry has taken 10-20 years from conceptualization
to volume production. Atomera s MST technology has followed a similar trajectory, from early patents, publications and presentations
to the industry to early evaluations and installation at customers. 

We compete with IDMs, OEMs, foundries,
fabless manufacturers of semiconductors and semiconductor IP licensing companies for the development and commercialization of technologies
that improve the performance of semiconductors. Historically, when a new fabrication process proves to be a low-cost improvement to the
standard fabrication process, and is additive, rather than in place of other performance technologies, it has been successfully adopted
industry-wide. Good examples of such advances have been chemical mechanical polishing (or CMP), strained silicon and High-K/Metal-Gate.
We believe that MST has the potential to be one of these low-cost additive technologies, in which case MST would not be subject to significant
direct competition from other technologies. We are not aware of another technology being offered in the market which provides the same
technical benefits as MST. Nevertheless, in some cases the engineering teams in our customers, who are developing their own process improvements,
may view MST as competition to their internally-developed solutions. 

8 

Research and Development 

The principal focus of our research
and development efforts is on enabling existing and prospective customers to integrate MST into their manufacturing processes and enable
them to commercialize MST-enabled semiconductor products. We also dedicate research and development resources to evolving and expanding
our technology to address new process technologies in the semiconductor industry roadmap. Our research and development is conducted internally,
but we work closely with third parties in the semiconductor industry to evaluate and qualify our technology for incorporation into semiconductor
products and fabrication equipment. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred research and development expenses of
approximately 10.0 million and 8.8 million, respectively. 

We believe that our success depends
in part on our ability to achieve the following in a cost-effective and timely manner: 

enable customers to integrate MST into their products; 

develop new technologies that meet the changing needs of the semiconductor industry; 

improve our existing technologies to enable growth into new application areas; and 

expand our intellectual property portfolio. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We regard the protection of our
technologies and intellectual property rights as an important element of our business operations and crucial to our success. We rely primarily
on a combination of patent laws, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary
technology. We require our employees, consultants, and advisors to enter into confidentiality agreements. These agreements provide that
all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us
is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except under specific circumstances. In the case of our employees and consultants,
the agreements provide that all of the technology that is conceived by the individual during the course of employment is our exclusive
property. The development of our technology and many of our processes are dependent upon the knowledge, experience, and skills of key
scientific and technical personnel. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have
been granted 126 patents in the U.S. and 107 abroad. Our core patents relating to MST cover materials, physical structures and manufacturing
processes. Our core patents relating to MST were filed beginning on August 22, 2003 and have grant dates beginning on December 14, 2004.
Our MST patent portfolio begins to expire commencing August 22, 2023. Our patent portfolio has grown significantly over the last five
years and during 2022 we were issued 20 new patents worldwide, an annual increase of 9 . We believe our core patents adequately block
competitors from using our MST technology without our approval and our patent activity over the past five years has focused on extending
the scope of our portfolio through a variety of means, including but not limited to patenting new structures, materials and methods uniquely
enabled by MST technology. However, there can be no assurance that one or more of our patents would survive a legal challenge to their
scope, validity, or enforceability, or provide significant protection for us. The failure of our patents, or the failure of trade secret
laws, to adequately protect our technology, might make it easier for our competitors to offer similar products or technologies or for
our potential customers to build products with methods and materials similar to MST without paying us a license fee. In addition, patents
may not issue from any of our current or future applications. 

We also hold registered trademarks
in the United States for the marks Atomera and MST and in China for the mark Mears . We have
applied with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the registration of the mark MSTcad in the United States. 

9 

Employees and Human Capital Management 

As of the date of this Annual
Report, we employ 21 people on a full-time basis. 

Our human capital resources objectives
include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees. The principal
purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based compensation awards
that align their compensation with our business objectives and with creation of shareholder value. 

Available Information 

Our website is located at www.atomera.com.
The information on or accessible through our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Copies of our Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after
we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. A copy of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is also located at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an internet site that
contains reports and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

We are subject to various risks that may harm our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation or prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We only recently commenced
limited revenue producing operations, so it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business. To date, our operations
have consisted of technology research and development, testing, and joint development work with customers, potential customers and strategic
partners. Our business model is to derive our revenue primarily from license fees and royalties, but to date we have only recognized minimal
engineering services and licensing revenues. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the commercial value of our
technology or our prospective operations. As an early-stage company, we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization,
financing, expenditures, complications and delays in a new business, including, without limitation: 

the timing and success of our plan of commercialization and the fact that we have not entered into a royalty-based manufacturing or distribution license with a potential customer; 

our ability to replicate on a large commercial scale the benefits of our MST technology that we have demonstrated in preliminary testing; 

our ability to execute joint development agreements with potential customers; 

our ability to structure, negotiate and enforce license agreements that will allow us to operate profitably; 

our ability to advance the licensing arrangements with our initial integration licensees, Asahi Kasei Microdevices, STMicroelectronics, our foundry licensee and our RF licensee, to royalty-based manufacturing and distribution licenses; 

our success in capitalizing on the achievement of the technical milestones in our first JDA in order to enter into one or more distribution and royalty agreements with business units of that JDA customer as well as our success in meeting technical milestones in the JDA with our second JDA customer; 

10 

our ability to successfully operate, the epitaxial deposition reactor for processing 300mm wafers, together with supporting equipment, that we recently began using for internal research and development and to support customer activities; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; and 

our ability to raise additional capital as and when needed. 

Investors should evaluate an investment
in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that our
efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. 

We have a history of significant
operating losses and anticipate continued operating losses for at least the near term. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we have incurred net losses of approximately 17.4 million and 15.7 million, respectively, and our operations have used approximately
 12.5 million and 12.4 million of cash, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 183.3
million. We will continue to experience negative cash flows from operations until at least such time as we are able to secure manufacturing
and distribution license agreements with one or more foundries, IDMs or fabless semiconductor manufacturers. While management will endeavor
to generate positive cash flows from the commercialization of our MST technology, there can be no assurance that we will be successful
doing so. If we are unable to generate positive cash flow within a reasonable period of time, we may be unable to further pursue our business
plan or continue operations. 

While we have entered into
four integration license agreements and two joint development agreements, there can be no assurance that any of these relationships will
advance to further licensing stages or to royalty-based distribution license agreements . In September and October 2018, respectively,
we entered into separate license agreements with AKM and ST, both of which are leading IDMs. In October 2019, we entered into a license
agreement with a leading RF semiconductor supplier. In December 2021, we entered into a JDA with a leading semiconductor manufacturer.
In February 2022, we entered into an integration license agreement with a semiconductor foundry. In April 2022 we entered into a JDA with
a major semiconductor foundry. Our integration licensees have paid us licensing fees for the right to build products that integrate MST
technology onto their semiconductor wafers, but the agreements do not grant the licensees the right to sell products incorporating MST.
Such rights require our integration licensees to enter into additional license agreements that, if executed, would allow each licensee
or their foundry to manufacture MST-enabled products and to sell them to their customers. We expect that the manufacturing and distribution
agreements will provide for substantially larger upfront license fee payments than integration license fees and that the agreements will
require the respective licensees to make royalty payments to us based the number and sales price of MST-enabled products they sell to
their customers. However, our ability to enter into royalty-based manufacturing and distribution agreements with our current integration
licensees or with new customers will depend, in large part, on the performance of devices they build using MST and the successful integration
of our MST technology on a high-volume production scale. Our first JDA customer paid us for a manufacturing license in the first quarter
of 2021 when we delivered our MST recipe to them. In February 2022, we successfully achieved all the development milestones in the JDA
resulting in additional revenue. Nevertheless, neither of our JDAs commits the customers to take MST to production. There can be no assurance
that our MST technology will deliver the performance, power or other requirements our customers seek for their products or that the integration
of our technology with our customers manufacturing process will be successful in high volume. In addition, even if our MST technology
is successfully integrated into the licensees products, any or all of our licensees may decide, for reasons unrelated to the price
or performance of our MST technology, not to enter the subsequent license agreements required to take MST to commercial production. 

AKM, one of our licensees,
suffered a total loss of one of its fabs due to a fire, impacting their production capability and delaying their work with us. 
On October 20, 2020, a fire broke out in AKM s factory in Nobeoka, Japan which lasted three days, causing substantial damage to
the building and equipment. AKM subsequently decided not to resume manufacturing at that site. Although Atomera s work under our
integration license agreement with AKM did not involve wafers in commercial production in this fab, the fire substantially disrupted AKM s
business and interrupted their integration and testing of MST. We expect that cooperation on integrating MST into AKM s products
will continue, but the fire has cast doubt on the timing for moving toward a manufacturing license or commercial distribution as AKM has
moved production previously carried out in the Nobeoka fab to an external foundry. 

11 

We expect that our product
qualification and licensing cycle will be lengthy and costly, and our marketing, engineering and sales efforts may be unsuccessful. We
have incurred significant engineering, marketing and sales expenses during customer engagements without entering into license agreements,
generating a license fee or establishing a royalty stream from the customer and we expect that such investments ahead of license revenue
will continue to be necessary in the future. The introduction of any new process technology into semiconductor manufacturing is a lengthy
process and we cannot forecast with any degree of assurance the length of time it takes to establish a new licensing relationship. However,
based on our engagements with potential customers to date, we believe the time from initial engagement until our customers incorporate
our technologies in their semiconductor products, can take 18 to 36 months or longer. Our integration license agreements with our current
licensees do not commit them to manufacturing or distribution licenses and we expect those licensees to perform additional tests on evaluation
wafers under their respective integration licenses before deciding whether to enter the next stages of licensing MST. As such, we will
incur additional expenses in our engagements with our licensees before we receive license fees, if any, for manufacturing and distribution
and before any subsequent royalty stream begins. Although we have successfully completed the objectives of our first JDA and granted that
customer a manufacturing license, the agreement does not commit our customer to a distribution license. While we believe our JDAs and
our integration license agreements should accelerate licensing decisions by other customers, the evaluation process for new technologies
in the semiconductor industry is inherently long and complex and there can be no assurance that we will successfully convert other customer
prospects into paying customers or that any of these customers will generate sufficient revenue to cover our expenses. 

Qualification of our MST
technology requires access to our potential customers manufacturing tools and facilities, as well as to leased tools and facilities,
which may not be available on a timely basis or at all. The qualification of a new process technology like MST entails the integration
of our MST film into the complex manufacturing processes employed by our potential customers. In order to validate the benefits of MST,
our customer engagement process involves fabrication of wafers that incorporate MST deposited by us using our epitaxial deposition tools
and then completing the manufacturing of the wafers in our customers facilities using their tools. The semiconductor industry in
2022 exceeded 550 billion in sales, and over the past three years the industry has been characterized by product shortages as strong
demand has outstripped supply, resulting in tight capacity among our potential customers. Although these supply/demand imbalances and
tight capacity conditions have eased in recent months, we have experienced delays in completing the processing of evaluation wafers by
our customers as those customers prioritize utilization of their equipment for production use. If our customers do not dedicate their
equipment and facilities to testing our products in a timely fashion, we may experience delays that will increase our expenses and delay
our customers decisions on entering into a commercial license with us. Additionally, we conduct our ongoing research and development
and portions of our customer evaluation activities using a leased epitaxial (epi) deposition tool that we believe will accelerate internal
development work and customer engagements. However, epi tools require ongoing, complex maintenance and they have been and will continue
to be subject to both planned and unplanned downtime. Any interruption in our epi tool availability may negatively impact the progress
of customer work as well as our internal research and development and accordingly could delay or prevent customers from entering into
commercial licenses. 

The long-term success of
our business is dependent on a royalty-based business model, which is inherently risky. The long-term success of our business
is dependent on future royalties paid to us by licensee-customers, whose business requires them to market products to their end customers.
Royalty payments under our licenses are generally expected to be based on a percentage (i) in the case of foundries, the selling price
of wafers made using MST and (ii) in the case of IDMs and fabless vendors, the selling price of MST-enabled semiconductor die sold. We
will depend upon our ability to structure, negotiate and enforce agreements for the determination and payment of royalties, as well as
upon our licensees compliance with their agreements. We face risks inherent in a royalty-based business model, many of which are
outside of our control, such as the following: 

the rate of adoption and incorporation of our technology by semiconductor designers and manufacturers and the manufacturers of semiconductor fabrication equipment; 

customers willingness to agree to an ongoing royalty model, which may impact their wafer or chip costs and margins; 

our licensee customers ability to successfully market MST-enabled products to their end customers; 

the length of the design cycle and the ability to successfully integrate our MST technology into integrated circuits; 

12 

the demand for products incorporating semiconductors that use our licensed technology; 

the cyclicality of supply and demand for products using our licensed technology; 

the impact of economic downturns; and 

the timing of receipt of royalty reports and the applicable revenue recognition criteria, which may result in fluctuation in our results of operations. 

We may need additional financing
to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. As
of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of approximately 26.7 million, cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 21.2 million
and working capital of approximately 18.7 million. We believe that we have sufficient capital to fund our current business plans
and obligations over, at least, the 12 months following the date of this Annual Report. However, even after installation of MST in a customer s
fab under a manufacturing license, the full production qualification of a new technology like MST can take more than an additional year,
and we have limited ability to influence our customers testing and qualification processes. Accordingly, we may require additional
capital prior to obtaining a royalty-based license or prior to such a license generating sufficient royalty income to cover our ongoing
operating expenses. In the event we require additional capital over and above the amount of our presently available working capital, we
will endeavor to seek additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity and debt securities, licensing
fees for our technology and joint ventures with industry partners. In addition, we will consider alternatives to our current business
plan that may enable to us to achieve material revenue with a smaller amount of capital. However, there can be no guarantees that such
funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may
be unable to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable to continue operations. 

Our revenues may be concentrated
in a few customers and if we lose any of these customers, or these customers do not pay us, our revenues could be materially adversely
affected. If we are able to secure the adoption of our MST by one or more foundries, IDMs or fabless semiconductor manufacturers,
we expect that for at least the first few years substantially all of our revenue will be generated from license fees and engineering services
before customers commence royalty-bearing shipments. Due to the concentration and ongoing consolidation within the semiconductor industry,
we may also find that over the longer term our royalty-based revenues are dependent on a relatively few customers. If we lose any of these
customers, or these customers do not pay us, our revenues could be materially adversely affected. 

If we are unable to manage
future expansion effectively, our business, operations and financial condition may suffer significantly, resulting in decreased productivity.
 If our MST proves to be commercially valuable, it is likely that we will experience a rapid growth phase that could place a significant
strain on our managerial, administrative, technical, operational and financial resources. Our organization, procedures and management
may not be adequate to fully support the expansion of our operations or the efficient execution of our business strategy. If we are unable
to manage future expansion effectively, our business, operations and financial condition may suffer significantly, resulting in decreased
productivity. 

It may be difficult
for us to verify royalty amounts owed to us under our licensing agreements, and this may cause us to lose revenues. We will
endeavor to provide that the terms of our license agreements require our licensees to document their use of our technology and
report related data to us on a regular basis. We will endeavor to provide that the terms of our license agreements give us the right
to audit books and records of our licensees to verify this information, however audits can be expensive, time consuming, and may not
be cost justified based on our understanding of our licensees businesses. We will endeavor to audit certain licensees to
review the accuracy of the information contained in their royalty reports in an effort to decrease the likelihood that we will not
receive the royalty revenues to which we are entitled under the terms of our license agreements, but we cannot give assurances that
such audits will be effective to that end. 

13 

Our business operations
could suffer in the event of information technology systems failures or security breaches . While we believe that we
have implemented adequate security measures within our internal information technology and networking systems, our information technology
systems may be subject to security breaches, damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, and telecommunication failures.
Any system failure or security breach could cause interruptions in our operations, including but not limited to our technology computer-aided
design, or TCAD, modeling using Synopsys software, in addition to the possibility of losing proprietary information and trade secrets.
To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our confidential information, our competitive
position may be adversely affected, and we may incur liability or additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or
security breaches. 

If integrated circuits incorporating
our technologies are used in defective products, we may be subject to product liability or other claims. If our MST technology
is used in defective or malfunctioning products, we could be sued for damages, especially if the defect or malfunction causes physical
harm to people. While we will endeavor to carry product liability insurance, contractually limit our liability and obtain indemnities
from our customers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain insurance at satisfactory rates or in adequate amounts or
that any insurance and customer indemnities will be adequate to defend against or satisfy any claims made against us. The costs associated
with legal proceedings are typically high, relatively unpredictable and not completely within our control. Even if we consider any such
claim to be without merit, significant contingencies may exist, similar to those summarized in the above risk factor concerning intellectual
property litigation, which could lead us to settle the claim rather than incur the cost of defense and the possibility of an adverse judgment.
Product liability claims in the future, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and reputation, and on our ability to attract and retain licensees and customers. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

If we fail to protect and
enforce our intellectual property rights and our confidential information, our business will suffer. We rely primarily on
a combination of nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions and patent, trade secret and copyright laws to protect our
technology and intellectual property. If we fail to protect our technology and intellectual property, our licensees and others may seek
to use our technology and intellectual property without the payment of license fees and royalties, which could weaken our competitive
position, reduce our operating results and increase the likelihood of costly litigation. The growth of our business depends in large part
on our ability to secure intellectual property rights in a timely manner, our ability to convince third parties of the applicability of
our intellectual property rights to their products, and our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights. In certain instances,
we attempt to obtain patent protection for portions of our technology, and our license agreements typically include both issued patents
and pending patent applications as well as our proprietary know-how. If we fail to obtain patents in a timely manner or if the patents
issued to us do not cover all of the inventions disclosed in our patent applications, others could use portions of our technology and
intellectual property without the payment of license fees and royalties. 

We also rely on trade secret laws
rather than patent laws to protect other portions of our proprietary technology. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. The
misappropriation of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could seriously harm our business. We protect our proprietary technology
and processes, in part, through confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, suppliers and customers. We cannot be certain
that these contracts have not been and will not be breached, that we will be able to timely detect unauthorized use or transfer of our
technology and intellectual property, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise
become known or be independently discovered by competitors. If we fail to use these mechanisms to protect our technology and intellectual
property, or if a court fails to enforce our intellectual property rights, our business will suffer. We cannot be certain that these protection
mechanisms can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated or challenged. 

Further, the laws and enforcement
regimes of certain countries do not protect our technology and intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws and enforcement
regimes of the U.S. In certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our technology and intellectual property adequately against
unauthorized use, which could adversely affect our business. 

14 

A court invalidation or
limitation of our key patents could significantly harm our business . Our patent portfolio contains some patents that are particularly
significant to our MST technology. If any of these key patents are invalidated, or if a court limits the scope of the claims in any of
these key patents, the likelihood that companies will take new licenses and that any current licensees will continue to agree to pay under
their existing licenses could be significantly reduced. The resulting loss in license fees and royalties could significantly harm our
business. Moreover, our stock price may fluctuate based on developments in the course of ongoing litigation. 

We may become involved in
material legal proceedings in the future to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. From
time to time, we may identify products that we believe infringe our patents. In that event, we expect to initially seek to license the
manufacturer of the infringing products, however if the manufacturer is unwilling to enter into a license agreement, we may have to initiate
litigation to enforce our patent rights against those products. Litigation stemming from such disputes could harm our ability to gain
new customers, who may postpone licensing decisions pending the outcome of the litigation or who may, as a result of such litigation,
choose not to adopt our technologies. Such litigation may also harm our relationships with existing licensees, who may, because of such
litigation, cease making royalty or other payments to us or challenge the validity and enforceability of our patents or the scope of our
license agreements. 

In addition, the costs associated
with legal proceedings are typically high, relatively unpredictable and not completely within our control. These costs may be materially
higher than expected, which could adversely impair our working capital, affect our operating results and lead to volatility in the price
of our common stock. Whether or not determined in our favor or ultimately settled, litigation would divert our managerial, technical,
legal and financial resources from our business operations. Furthermore, an adverse decision in any of these legal actions could result
in a loss of our proprietary rights, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to seek licenses from others, limit the value of
our licensed technology or otherwise negatively impact our stock price or our business and financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. 

Even if we prevail in our legal
actions, significant contingencies may exist to their settlement and final resolution, including the scope of the liability of each party,
our ability to enforce judgments against the parties, the ability and willingness of the parties to make any payments owed or agreed upon
and the dismissal of the legal action by the relevant court, none of which are completely within our control. Parties that may be obligated
to pay us royalties could be insolvent or decide to alter their business activities or corporate structure, which could affect our ability
to collect royalties from such parties. 

Our technologies may infringe
on the intellectual property rights of others, which could lead to costly disputes or disruptions . The semiconductor industry
is characterized by frequent allegations of intellectual property infringement. Any allegation of infringement could be time consuming
and expensive to defend or resolve, result in substantial diversion of management resources, cause suspension of operations or force us
to enter into royalty, license, or other agreements rather than dispute the merits of such allegation. Furthermore, third parties making
such claims may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief that could block our ability to further develop or commercialize
some or all of our technologies, and the ability of our customers to develop or commercialize their products incorporating our technologies,
in the U.S. and abroad. If patent holders or other holders of intellectual property initiate legal proceedings, we may be forced into
protracted and costly litigation. We may not be successful in defending such litigation and may not be able to procure any required royalty
or license agreements on acceptable terms or at all. 

Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

The market price of our
shares may be subject to fluctuation and volatility. You could lose all or part of your investment . The market price of our common
stock is subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Between January 1, 2022 and
February 8, 2023, the reported high and low sales prices of our common stock have ranged from 5.75 to 21.28. The market price of our
shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including,
but not limited to: 

actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations and financial condition; 

market acceptance of our MST technology; 

15 

success or failure of our research and development projects; 

announcements of technological innovations by us; 

failure by us to achieve a publicly announced milestone; 

failure by us to meet expectations of investors, some of which may not be within our control or related to our public announcements; 

delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced technological innovations and the generation of licensing revenue from those innovations; 

developments concerning intellectual property rights, including our involvement in litigation brought by or against us; 

changes in the amounts that we spend to develop, acquire or license new technologies or businesses; 

our sale or proposed sale, or the sale by our significant stockholders, of our shares or other securities in the future; 

changes in our key personnel; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if we continue to be covered by analysts; 

the trading volume of our shares; and 

general economic and financial market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance. 

These factors and any corresponding
price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our shares and result in substantial losses being incurred
by our investors. In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company stockholders have often instituted securities class
action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could impose a substantial cost upon us and divert the resources and
attention of our management from our business. 

We have not paid dividends
in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends. We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent we have earnings,
to cover operating costs and otherwise become and remain competitive. We do not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities
in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for
distribution to the holders of our common stock as a dividend. Therefore, you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our common
stock. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant increased costs as a result of being a public company that reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission and our
management will be required to devote substantial time to meet compliance obligations . As a public company reporting to the Securities
and Exchange Commission, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are
subject to reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules subsequently implemented by
the Securities and Exchange Commission that impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and
maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. In addition, on July 21, 2010,
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation-related
provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that increased our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
or costly and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial
amount of time to these compliance initiatives. 

16 

Our charter documents and
Delaware law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable . Provisions of our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control
or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions
that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. The provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

limit who may call stockholder meetings; 

do not permit stockholders to act by written consent; 

allow us to issue blank check preferred stock without stockholder approval; 

do not provide for cumulative voting rights; and 

provide that all vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

In addition, Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law may limit our ability to engage in any business combination with a person who beneficially owns 15 or
more of our outstanding voting stock unless certain conditions are satisfied. This restriction lasts for a period of three years following
the share acquisition. These provisions may have the effect of entrenching our management team and may deprive you of the opportunity
to sell your shares to potential acquirers at a premium over prevailing prices. This potential inability to obtain a control premium could
reduce the price of our common stock. 

Our bylaws designate the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders,
which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company . Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim
of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting
a claim against us or any our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any our directors, officers or other
employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This forum selection provision in our bylaws may limit our stockholders ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our board of directors may
issue blank check preferred stock, which may affect the voting rights of our holders and could deter or delay an attempt to obtain control
of us. Our board of directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock in series and to fix and state
the voting rights and powers, designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of the shares of
each such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. Preferred stock may rank prior to our common stock with
respect to dividends rights, liquidation preferences, or both, and may have full or limited voting rights. If issued, such preferred stock
would increase the number of outstanding shares of our capital stock, adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock
and could have the effect of deterring or delaying an attempt to obtain control of us. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

17 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

Our executive offices are presently
located in a 4,101 square foot facility in Los Gatos, California pursuant to a five-year lease, expiring on January 31, 2026. As part
of the amended lease entered into in August 2020, our current lease payment is 17,185. 

We lease shared office space in
Cambridge Massachusetts from which we conduct certain research activities. The Cambridge facilities are occupied pursuant to a month-to-month
lease at a rate of 2,942 per month which has been effective since January 1, 2020. 

Beginning in March 2021, we began
leasing 474 square feet of office space in Tempe, Arizona. This lease has a two-year term, with an option to extend for an additional
three years. The renewal option was exercised in January 2023. Our current monthly lease payment is 1,239 and will increase to 1,277
in March 2023. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, as of the date
of this Annual Report, there are no pending legal proceedings to which we or our properties are subject. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Inapplicable. 

18 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information 

Our common stock trades on the
NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ATOM . 

Holders of Record 

As of February 1, 2023, there were 151 holders of record
of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid
cash dividends on our common stock. We presently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the operation and expansion of our business. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan,
or 2007 Plan, expired in March 2017, however all options and warrants outstanding at the time of the expiration remained outstanding and
exercisable by their term. As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase [ ] shares of common stock were outstanding. 

In May 2017, we established our
2017 Stock Incentive Plan, or 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options and incentive stock options
to purchase shares of our common stock and for the grant of restricted and unrestricted share grants. We have reserved a total of 3,750,000
shares of common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan. All employees, officers, directors, consultants, advisors and other persons who
provide services to us or any of our subsidiaries are eligible to receive incentive awards under the 2017 Plan. As of December 31, 2022,
awards of 3,072,791 shares of common stock had been granted under the 2017 Plan, net of forfeited restricted stock and option awards and
a total of 677,209 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance. 

The following table sets forth
certain information as of December 31, 2022 about our stock plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance (in thousands,
except exercise price). 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 
(a) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected In Column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,009 
 7.07 
 677 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 3,009 
 7.07 
 677 

19 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and
analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Atomera Incorporated should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the accompanying notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include
forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, 
 ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, 
 could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us.
Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value
and effect, including those risk factors set forth in this Annual Report. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance,
value and effect could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed herein and in ways not readily foreseeable.
Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report
and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking
statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors
that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Overview 

We are engaged in the business
of developing, commercializing and licensing proprietary processes and technologies for the 550+ billion semiconductor industry. Our
lead technology, named Mears Silicon Technology , or MST , is a thin film of reengineered silicon, typically 100
to 300 angstroms (or approximately 20 to 60 silicon atomic unit cells) thick. MST can be applied as a transistor channel enhancement to
CMOS-type transistors, the most widely used transistor type in the semiconductor industry. MST is our proprietary and patent-protected
performance enhancement technology that we believe addresses a number of key engineering challenges facing the semiconductor industry.
We believe that by incorporating MST, transistors can be made smaller, with increased speed, reliability and power efficiency. In addition,
since MST is an additive and low-cost technology, we believe it can be deployed on an industrial scale, with machines commonly used in
semiconductor manufacturing. We believe that MST can be widely incorporated into the most common types of semiconductor products, including
analog, logic, optical and memory integrated circuits. 

We do not intend to design or
manufacture integrated circuits directly. Instead, we develop and license technologies and processes that we believe offer the designers
and manufacturers of integrated circuits a low-cost solution to the industry s need for greater performance and lower power consumption.
Our customers and partners include: 

foundries, which manufacture integrated circuits on behalf of fabless manufacturers; 

integrated device manufacturers, or IDMs, which are the fully-integrated designers and manufacturers of integrated circuits; 

fabless semiconductor manufacturers, which are designers of integrated circuits that outsource the manufacturing of their chips to foundries; 

original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, that manufacture the epitaxial, or epi, machines used to deposit semiconductor layers, such as the MST film, onto silicon wafers; and 

electronic design automation companies, which make tools used throughout the industry to simulate performance of semiconductor products using different materials, design structures and process technologies. 

20 

Our commercialization strategy
is to generate revenue through licensing arrangements whereby foundries, IDMs and fabless semiconductor manufacturers pay us a license
fee for their right to use MST technology in the manufacture of silicon wafers as well as a royalty for each silicon wafer or device that
incorporates our MST technology. We also license our MSTcad TM software to our customers for use in simulating the effects of
using MST technology on their wafers and/or devices. To date, we have generated revenue from (i) licensing agreements with two IDMs, one
fabless manufacturer and one foundry, (ii) a joint development agreement, or JDA, with a leading semiconductor provider, (iii) engineering
services provided to foundries, IDMs and fabless companies and (iv) licensing MSTcad. 

We were organized as a Delaware
limited liability company under the name Nanovis LLC on November 26, 2001. On March 13, 2007, we converted to a Delaware corporation under
the name Mears Technologies, Inc. On January 12, 2016, we changed our name to Atomera Incorporated. 

Between September 2020 and January
2021,we conducted an at-the-market offering of our common shares through Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as agent, pursuant to which we
sold 2,221,575 shares at an average price per share of approximately 11.25, resulting in approximately 24.2 million of net proceeds
to us after deducting commissions and other offering expenses. 

On May 31, 2022, we entered into
an Equity Distribution Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as agents, under which we may offer
and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having aggregate offering proceeds of up to 50.0 million
in an at-the-market or ATM offering, to or through the agents. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 527,000
shares were sold at an average price per share of approximately 11.68, resulting in approximately 5.8 million of net proceeds to us
after deducting commissions and other offering expenses. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues. To date,
we have only generated limited revenue from customer engagements for integration engineering services, integration license agreements,
a manufacturing license granted under a JDA, a success fee for achievement of milestones under that JDA and licensing our MSTcad software.
In the future, we expect to collect increased fees from license agreements and JDAs as well as royalties from customer sales of products
that incorporate our MST technology, subject to our ability to enter into manufacturing and distribution license agreements with our current
and future licensees. Our integration services consist of depositing our MST film on semiconductor wafers, delivering such wafers to customers
to finalize building devices, and performing tests for customers evaluating MST. The integration license agreements we have entered into
to date grant the licensees the right to build products that integrate our MST technology deposited by us onto their semiconductor wafers,
but the agreements do not grant the licensees the rights to manufacture on their site or to sell products incorporating MST. Our first
JDA included the grant of a manufacturing license to our customer and we were paid for such license upon delivery of our IP transfer package
which enabled our customer to install MST in a tool in their facility and to use it to manufacture wafers for internal use. This JDA also
contained targeted technical specifications that, if met, would result in payment of a success fee to us. Those technical objectives were
met and we have collected the success fee. 

For revenue recognition purposes,
we have determined that the grant of rights in integration licenses is not distinct from the delivery of integration services, and therefore
revenue from both integration licenses and integration services is recognized as the services are provided to the customer. In general,
this is proportionate to the delivery of MST processed wafers to the customer, but if the agreements do not specify a time and quantity
of wafer delivery, we will record revenue over the period of time of which we anticipate delivering an estimated quantity of wafers. We
have also determined that the grant of our manufacturing license under the JDA confers a right to use our technology and accordingly revenue
was recognized at the point in time when we delivered our IP transfer package. The success fee under our JDA was treated as engineering
services revenue and recognized upon our customer s confirmation that the JDA s technical objectives had been met. Our licensing
of MSTcad grants customers the right to use MSTcad software to simulate the effects of incorporating MST technology into their semiconductor
manufacturing process. Such MSTcad licenses are granted on a monthly basis and revenue is recognized over time. 

Revenue for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 382,000 and 400,000, respectively. Our revenue for 2022 consisted of a success fee pursuant to our
JDA, a license fee paid under an integration license agreement and MSTcad license revenue. Our revenue for 2021 consisted of a manufacturing
license fee pursuant to our JDA. 

21 

Cost of Revenue. Cost
of revenue consists of costs of materials, as well as direct compensation and expenses incurred to provide integration engineering services.
Cost of revenue was approximately 81,000 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We anticipate that our
cost of revenue will vary substantially depending on the mix of license and engineering services revenues we receive and the nature of
products and/or services delivered in each customer engagement. 

Operating Expenses. Operating
expenses consist of research and development, general and administrative, and selling and marketing expenses. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 our operating expenses totaled approximately 17.8 million and 15.9 million, respectively. 

Research and development
expense. To date, our operations have focused on the research, development, patent prosecution, and commercialization of our MST
technology and related technologies such as MSTcad. Our research and development costs primarily consist of payroll and benefit costs
for our engineering staff and costs of outsourced fabrication (including epi tool leases) and metrology of semiconductor wafers incorporating
our MST technology. 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we incurred approximately 10.0 million and 8.8 million, respectively, of research and development expense, an increase
of approximately 1.3 million, or 14 . The increase was primarily due to approximately 850,000 of increased tool lease related expenses
as the tool lease commenced in August 2021, and increase of approximately 246,000 in stock-based compensation and an increase of approximately
 180,000 in technical consulting expenses. 

General and administrative
expense. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and benefit costs for administrative personnel, office-related
costs and professional fees. General and administrative costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 6.4 million
and 6.2 million, respectively, representing an increase of approximately 277,000, or 4 . The increase in costs was primarily due to
an increase of approximately 103,000 in patent fees and legal fees associated with our patents, an increase of approximately 95,000
in insurance costs and increase of approximately 86,000 in payroll related expenses. 

Selling and marketing expense.
 Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of salary and benefits for our sales and marketing personnel and business development
consulting services. Selling and marketing expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 1.3 million and
 986,000, respectively, representing an increase of approximately 362,000, or 37 . The increase in costs is primarily related to increased
spending in employee-related costs of approximately 104,000, an increase in outsourced marketing expenses of approximately 83,000 and
an increase in stock-based compensation of approximately 77,000. 

Interest income. Interest
income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 340,000 and 9,000, respectively. Interest income for each period
related to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and the increase was primarily due to progressively higher interest rates
during these periods. 

Interest expense. Interest
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 255,000 and 128,000, respectively. Interest expense is related
to the new tool financing lease entered into in August 2021. 

Provision for income taxes .
The provision for income tax for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 66,000 and related to income taxes due to a foreign country arising
from withholding taxes imposed on payments received for revenue. There was no provision for income tax recorded for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
cash and cash equivalents of approximately 21.2 million and working capital of approximately 18.7 million. For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of approximately 17.4 million and used approximately 12.5 million of cash and cash equivalents in operations.
Since inception, we have incurred recurring operating losses. 

22 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we sold approximately 527,000 shares pursuant to our ATM at an average price per share of approximately 11.68, resulting in
approximately 5.8 million of net proceeds to us after deducting commissions and other offering expenses 

We believe that our available
working capital is sufficient to fund our presently forecasted working capital requirements for, at least, the next 12 months following
the date of the filing of this report. However, our future capital requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on
many factors, including our ability to successfully commercialize our MST technology, competing technological and market developments,
and the need to enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire technologies to enhance or complement our current offerings.
If we are not able to generate sufficient revenue from license fees and royalties in a time frame that satisfies our cash needs, we will
need to raise more capital. In the event we require additional capital, we will endeavor to acquire additional funds through various financing
sources, including our ATM Facility, follow-on equity offerings, debt financing and joint ventures with industry partners. In addition,
we will consider alternatives to our current business plan that may enable to us to achieve revenue-producing operations and meaningful
commercial success with a smaller amount of capital. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail our
research and development initiatives and take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve its cash. 

Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing
Activities: 

Net cash used in operating
activities of approximately 12.5 million for year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from our net loss of approximately 17.4
million adjusted by approximately 3.4 million of stock-based compensation expense and amortization of right-of-use assets of approximately
 1.4 million 

Net cash used in operating
activities of approximately 12.4 million for year ended December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from our net loss of approximately 15.7
million adjusted by approximately 3.0 million of stock-based compensation expense. 

Net cash used by investing activities
of approximately 39,000 and approximately 109,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted of the purchase
of computers, lab tools and leasehold improvements for the remodeled Los 

 Gatos office space and our new Tempe office space. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities of approximately 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. related primarily to net proceeds from our at-the-market
offering during the year ended December 31, 2022 offset in part by approximately 984,000 in principal payments on our financing lease. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities of approximately 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the exercise of approximately 571,000 stock options
and net proceeds from our at-the-market offering in January 2021. These amounts were offset in part by approximately 470,000 in principal
payments on our financing lease. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with those accounting principles requires us to use judgement in making estimates and assumptions based on the relevant information available
at the end of each period. These estimates and assumptions have a significant effect on reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales
and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities because they result primarily from the need to make estimates
and assumptions on matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 

Revenue 

We generate revenue from integration
engineering services, which we deliver either pursuant to integration license agreements or delivery of engineering services and from
the grant of manufacturing licenses to customers to use its technology in the manufacture of semiconductor wafers and/or devices for the
customer s internal use. Revenue is recognized based on the following steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts, with
a customer, (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determination of the transaction price, (iv) allocation
of the transaction price to the performance obligations of the contract, and (v) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance
obligation. Integration services generally consist of depositing our proprietary technology onto the customer s semiconductor wafers
and delivering such wafers back to the customer. Revenue from integration services is recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied,
which is upon transfer of control of the wafers to the customer (generally upon shipment). Revenue from manufacturing licenses is recognized
as the performance obligations are satisfied, which is upon delivery of the Company s MST recipe to the customer. 

23 

For recognizing integration service
revenue from integration license agreements, we assess (i) whether the license grant is distinct from or combined with the transfer of
goods or services and (ii) whether the license is a right to access intellectual property or a right to use the intellectual property.
For licenses that are not distinct, but combined with other goods or services, the revenue is recognized at a point in time or over time
as the obligations to perform the combined services and/or deliver the combined goods are satisfied. Integration license agreements contain
a technology grant as well as a performance obligation to deliver wafers with our technology deposited on them. We have determined the
grant of rights in these integration license agreements is not distinct from the integration service. Accordingly, revenue from integration
license agreements is recognized as the service is provided to the customer. For manufacturing licenses, revenue is recognized at the
point in time when we deliver our MST recipe as the license to manufacture using MST technology is a right to use the Company s
technology and not a right to access the technology over time. 

Leases 

We account for leases in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No 2016-02, Leases
 (Topic 842). We determine if a contract contains a lease in whole or in part at the inception of the contract. Right-of-use ROU assets represent its right to use an underlying asset for the lease term while lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease
payments arising from the lease. All leases greater than 12 months result in the recognition of a ROU asset and a liability at the lease
commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. Lease expenses for operating leases is recognized
on a straight-line-basis over the lease term. Lease expenses for financing leases is amortization of the he ROU assets over the life of
the lease and interest expense is recognized on the liability. 

Stock-based Compensation 

 We
have stock-based compensation programs, which include restricted stock awards RSAs and stock options and an employee stock
purchase plan. We account for stock-based compensation expense, including the expense for grants of RSAs and stock options that may be
settled in shares of our common stock, based on the fair values of the equity instruments issued. The fair value is determined on the
measurement date, which is the date of grant. The fair value of our RSAs is measured at the market price of our common stock on the measurement
date amortized over the vesting period of the award. The fair value for our stock option awards is determined at the grant date using
the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and amortized over the vesting period of the option. 

 Assumptions
for the Black-Scholes valuation model used for employee stock awards include: 

Expected term We derived the expected term for employee stock awards
using limited historical information to develop expectations about future exercise patterns and post vesting employment termination behavior.

Expected volatility Volatility is estimated using Atomera s
historical volatility for similar terms. 

Expected dividend rate We have not declared or paid dividends to
our stockholders and have no plans to pay dividends; therefore, we have assumed an expected dividend yield of 0 . 

Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the
yields of U.S. Treasury securities with maturities similar to the expected terms of the associated awards. 

The fair value of our common stock is measured at the market price on the
measurement date. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

24 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 26 

Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 27 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 28 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 29 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 30 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 31 

25 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Atomera Incorporated 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Atomera Incorporated (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

February 15, 2023 

26 

Atomera Incorporated 

 Balance Sheets 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Long-term prepaid maintenance and supplies 

Security deposit 

Operating lease right-of-use-asset 

Financing lease right-of-use-asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll related expenses 

Current operating lease liability 

Current financing lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liability 

Long-term financing lease liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 8) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, 0 par value, authorized shares: issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

27 

Atomera Incorporated 

 Statements of Operations 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Selling and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share, basic 

Net loss per common share, diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

28 

Atomera Incorporated 

 Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 (in thousands) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Warrant exercises 

Stock option exercises 

Forfeited restricted stock awards 

At-the-market sale of stock, net of commissions and expenses 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock option exercises 

At-the-market sale of stock, net of commissions and expenses 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

29 

Atomera Incorporated 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating lease right of use asset amortization 

Financing lease right of use asset amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from at-the-market sale of stock, net of commissions and expenses 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Payments of principal for financing lease 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

30 

Atomera Incorporated 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 million and working capital of approximately million . The Company has generated
only limited revenues since inception and has incurred recurring operating losses. Accordingly, it is subject to all the risks inherent
in the initial organization, financing, expenditures, and scaling of a new business that is not generating positive cashflow. 

The Company has primarily financed
operations through private placements of equity and debt securities, the Company s Initial Public Offering (the IPO which was consummated on August 10, 2016, and subsequent public offerings of its common stock. On May 31, 2022, Atomera entered into an
Equity Distribution Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as agents, under which the Company may
offer and sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of its 0.001 par value common stock, in at the market 
offerings to or through the agent as its sales agent, having aggregate offering proceeds of up to .0 million (the ATM Facility ). 

Based on the funds it has available
as of the date of the filing of this report, the Company believes that it has sufficient capital to fund its current business plans and
obligations over, at least, 12 months from the date that these financial statements have been issued. The Company s future capital
requirements and the adequacy of its available funds will depend on many factors, including the Company s ability to successfully
commercialize its technology, competing technological and market developments, and the need to enter into collaborations with other companies
or acquire technologies to enhance or complement its current offerings. The Company s operating plans for the next 12 months include
increased research and development expenses. For capital needs beyond the next 12 months, the Company currently expects to rely, in part,
on its ATM, but the terms on which any future stock sales will occur will depend on both market conditions and the Company s business
performance, so there can be no guarantee that funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than Level
1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities,
unadjusted quoted prices in the markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little
or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

and ,of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 and one customer represented of revenue during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

At times, the amounts on deposit
at the financial institution exceed the federally insured limits. Management believes that the financial institution which holds the Company s
cash is financially sound and, accordingly, minimal credit risk exists. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cash balances
were in excess of insured limits maintained at the financial institution. 

allowances for doubtful accounts since the balances were collected during the year. 

indicators of impairment. 

interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions were accrued at either December
31, 2022 or 2021. 

The Company follows authoritative
guidance which requires the evaluation of existing tax positions. Management has analyzed all open tax years, as defined by the statute
of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which includes both federal and states where the Company has operations. Open tax years are
those that are open for examination by taxing authorities. 

The following table provides information about disaggregated
revenue by primary geographical markets and timing of revenue recognition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Asia Pacific 

Total 

Timing of revenue recognition 

Products and services transferred at a point in time 

Products and services transferred over time 

Total 

Unbilled contracts receivable and deferred revenue : 

Timing of revenue recognition
may differ from the timing of invoicing customers. Accounts receivable includes amounts billed and currently due from customers. Unbilled
contracts receivable represents unbilled amounts expected to be received from customers in future periods, where the revenue recognized
to date exceeds the amount billed, and the right to receive payment is subject to the underlying contractual terms. Unbilled contracts
receivable amounts may not exceed their net realizable value and are classified as long-term assets if the payments are expected to be
received more than one year from the reporting date. 

Unvested restricted stock 

Warrants 

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Office equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation and amortization
expense relating to property and equipment was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The Company depreciates computer equipment, laboratory equipment and office equipment on straight-line basis over three years. Furniture
and fixtures are depreciated on a straight-line basis over five years. The Company amortizes software on straight-line basis over three
years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the remaining life of the lease. 

 . The lease contains escalating
payments on the anniversary of the original commencement which are included in the measurement of the initial lease liability. Additional
payments based on a change in the Company s share of the operating expenses, including property taxes and insurance, are recorded
as a period expense when incurred. 

In March 2021, the Company began
leasing 474 square feet of office space in Tempe, Arizona. The new lease is classified as an operating lease with an initial term of two
years and an option to extend for an additional three years through February 2026. The renewal option was exercised in January 2023. The
lease also contains a performance standard for research collaboration with Arizona State University. The agreement requires a minimum
value of collaborative research in each year of the lease. The lease is accounted for under ASC 842 and accordingly, the research payments
are included in the ROU and lease liability at the commencement. In March 2021, the Company recorded an ROU and associated lease liability
of approximately . The lease liability is based on the present value of the minimum lease payments, discounted using the Company s
estimated incremental borrowing rate of over five years, as the Company expects to lease the space through the three-year extension.
The lease also contains escalating payments on the anniversary of the original commencement which are included in the measurement of the
initial lease liability. 

In October 2019, the Company
entered into an agreement to lease a tool for use in the development of the Company s technology. The lease is for five years
at 150,000 per month and
commenced on August 1, 2021. A prepayment of was
made in year ended December 31, 2020 which represents the final three monthly payments under the lease and was recorded as a
long-term prepaid until the lease commencement. At commencement, the Company recorded an ROU asset of approximately 
million and a corresponding lease liability of approximately .0
million. The lease was classified as a financing lease and accordingly, amortization is recorded as a research and development
expense in the Company s statement of operations. Interest expense is also recorded and included in other income or expense in
the Company s statement of operations. The lease liability is based on the present value of the minimum lease payments,
discounted using the Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate of 
at the time of commencement. The lease payment of 150,000 per month includes approximately in
supplies and maintenance that is recorded as an operating expense and is not included in the valuation of the lease liability. The
Company elected to exclude these costs from the asset and related lease liability valuation for this class of assets. These costs
will be expensed as operating expenses in the period incurred. This lease contains a provision for an annual adjustment of lease
payments based on tool availability and usage. The potential lease payment adjustment is determined on August 1 of each year of the
lease and is calculated based on the tool availability and usage for the preceding 12 months. Effective August 1, 2022, the lease
payments for this tool were reduced to 100,824 per month for the period August 1, 2022 through July 31, 2023. This adjustment to
the variable lease payments resulted in a reduction in ROU and corresponding lease liability. 

Lease expense for operating leases
consists of the lease payments recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Expenses for financing leases consists of the
amortization expenses recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and interest expense. The components of lease costs were
as follows (in thousands): 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total financing lease costs 

Operating lease costs 

Fixed lease costs 

Short-term lease costs 

Total operating lease costs 

Future minimum payments under non-cancellable leases
as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

The below table provides supplemental
information and non-cash activity related to the Company s operating and financing leases are as follows (in thousands): 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of financing lease liabilities 

Non-cash activity: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for financing lease obligations 

Remeasurement of right-of use asset and liability in financing lease obligations 

The weighted average remaining
discount rate is for the Company s operating and financing leases. The weighted average remaining lease term is years
for financing lease and years for operating leases. 

In October 2016, the Company entered
into lease agreement for approximately 200 square feet of office space in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The lease, with current monthly payments
of 2,942 per month, commenced on October 24, 2016. Since the lease is month to month and can be cancelled with a 30-day notice, the future
lease payments are not included in the Company s lease accounting under ASC Topic 842. 

In December 2022, the Company
entered into a lease agreement for a tool in Tempe, Arizona. The term of this lease is for six months beginning on January 1, 2023 with
an option to extend the lease for an additional six months. The initial lease terms are for 96,000 per month. If the option to extend
the lease is exercised prior to March 31, 2023, the remaining lease payments will be reduced to an average of 87,000 over the twelve
months. Since the lease and extension are not for more than one year, the future lease payments are not included in the Company s
lease accounting under ASC Topic 842. 

 ,000 shares of preferred stock, par value. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, no shares have been designated and shares
are issued and outstanding. Preferred stock may rank prior to common stock with respect to dividends rights, liquidation preferences,
or both, and may have full or limited voting rights. 

On September 2, 2020, Atomera
entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as agent, under which the Company offered and sold,
from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of its common stock having aggregate offering proceeds of up to 25.0 million in an at-the-market 
or ATM offering, to or through the agent. On January 5, 2021 we announced the completion of this offering after shares were
sold for an average price per share of , resulting in approximately million of net proceeds to us after deducting commissions
and other offering expenses. 

On May 31, 2022, Atomera entered
into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as agents, under which we may
offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having aggregate offering proceeds of up to .0
million in an at-the-market or ATM offering, to or through the agents. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately
 shares were sold at an average price per share of approximately , resulting in approximately million of net proceeds
to us after deducting commissions and other offering expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
has reserved approximately .0 million shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to outstanding stock options. 

Expired 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

shares of common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan. All employees, officers,
directors, consultants, advisors and other persons who provide services to the Company or any subsidiaries of the Company are eligible
to receive incentive awards under the 2017 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, awards of shares of common stock had been granted
under the 2017 Plan, net of forfeited restricted stock and option awards and a total of shares of common stock are reserved for
issuance. 

The following table summarizes
the stock-based compensation expense recorded in the Company s results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 for stock options and restricted stock (in thousands): 

General and administrative 

Selling and Marketing 

As of December 31, 2022, there
was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements
that are expected to vest. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

The Company records compensation
expense for employee awards with graded vesting using the straight-line method. The Company records compensation expense for nonemployee
awards with graded vesting using the accelerated expense attribution method. The Company recognizes compensation expense over the requisite
service period applicable to each individual award, which generally equals the vesting term. The Company estimates the fair value of each
option award using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Forfeitures are recognized when realized. 

The fair value of employee stock
options issued was estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Weighted average grant date fair value per share: 

Assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Weighted average expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

The risk-free interest rate was
obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods. The Company s expected volatility was based upon the historical volatility
of the Company. The expected life of the Company s options was determined using the simplified method as a result of limited historical
data regarding the Company s activity. The dividend yield considers that the Company has not historically paid dividends and does
not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The following table summarizes
stock option activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands except exercise prices and contractual terms): 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company granted options under its 2017 Plan purchase approximately shares of its common stock to its employees.
The fair value of these options was approximately .0 million. 

The Company issues restricted
stock to employees, directors and consultants and estimates the fair value based on the closing price on the day of grant. The following
table summarizes all restricted stock activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands except per share data): 

Granted 

Vested 

Outstanding non-vested shares at December 31, 2022 

. During the year ended December 31,
2021, matching contributions were made by the Company. 

International 

Total 

The Company had and 
of current income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The income tax expense for 2022 related to
taxes due to a foreign country arising from withholding taxes imposed on payments received for revenue. The Company accounts for income
taxes in accordance with ASC 740, which requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards
be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of
the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because
of the Company's recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the
above-mentioned future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a full valuation allowance.
The valuation allowance increased by approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and decreased by approximately
 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The Company s deferred tax
assets are as follows (in thousands): 

Tax credit 

Fixed assets and intangibles 

Stock compensation 

Accruals and other 

Lease liability 

Capitalized research and development 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of use asset 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Net operating losses and tax credit
carryforwards as of December 31, 2022, are as follows (in thousands): 

Net operating losses, federal 

Net operating losses, state 

Tax credits, federal 

Tax credits, state 

Tax credits, state 

The effective tax rate of the
Company s provision (benefit) for income taxes differs from the federal statutory rate as follows: 

State rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Change in tax credits 

Foreign withholding tax 

Section 382 limitation 

Section 162(m) limitation 

Stock based compensation excess windfall 

Total 

Utilization of U.S. net operating
losses and tax credit carryforwards may be limited by ownership change rules, as defined in Section 382 and Section
383 of the Internal Revenue Code. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Under those sections of the Code, if a corporation undergoes
an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change
attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an ownership change 
will occur if there is a cumulative change in ownership by 5 stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling
three-year period. 

During the year ended 2021, the
Company performed an analysis to assess whether an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Code, has occurred
from its inception through December 31, 2021. Based on this analysis, the Company has experienced ownership changes, limiting
the utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards under Section 382 of the
Code. The limitation is calculated by first multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change by
the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate, and then applying additional adjustments, as required. As a result of the analysis, the Company
has determined that approximately million of federal net operating loss and million of federal R D credit carryforwards are
limited and will expire unutilized. Additionally, approximately million of state net operating loss and million of state tax
credits are also limited and will expire unutilized. The Company s tax disclosures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflect the
impairment of the above-mentioned tax attributes. 

The Company establishes reserves
for uncertain tax positions based on the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained. An uncertain income tax position
will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. It is the Company s policy to recognize interest
and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company has 
accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The Company files income tax returns
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination
by their respective taxing authorities. The Company is not currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service or other similar state
or local authority. The statute of limitations remains effectively open for all tax years since inception (2007). Tax years outside the
normal statute of limitations remain open to examination by tax authorities due to tax attributes generated in earlier years which have
been carried forward and may be examined and adjusted in subsequent years when utilized. 

The following table summarizes
the activity related to the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Increases (decreases) prior year tax positions 

Increases current year tax positions 

December 31 - unrecognized tax benefits 

The following table summarizes
the activity in the Company s Valuation Allowance and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

44 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

(a) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 

Our management, with the participation
of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 in ensuring all material
information required to be disclosed by us is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b) 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 

There were no changes to our internal
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) 
 Management s report on internal controls over financial reporting. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on
the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 Framework) COSO ). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management
and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Our management assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and based on that evaluation, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This report does not include an
attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

45 

PART III 

The information required by Part
III is omitted from this report because we will file a definitive proxy statement within 120 days after the end of our 2022 fiscal year
pursuant to Regulation 14A for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the 2023 Proxy Statement, and the information to be included
in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required under
this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required under this item will be contained
in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 

The information required under this item will be contained
in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required under this item will be contained
in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required under this item will be contained
in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

46 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements 

(1) 
 Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

(2) 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Exhibit 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Method of Filing 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s
 Registration Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2021. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 

10.1 
 
 Assignment of Patent Rights dated April 3, 2009 between Dr. Robert Mears and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

10.2+ 
 
 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

10.3 
 
 Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement dated March 3, 2010 between K2 Energy Limited and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement dated June 6, 2014 between K2 Energy Limited and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

10.5 
 
 Lease Agreement dated January 19, 2016 between 750 University, LLC and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 29, 2016 

47 

10.7+ 
 
 Atomera Incorporated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 10, 2017. 

10.8 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated January 19, 2016 between 750 University, LLC and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 6, 2018. 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 26, 2021 between Scott Bibaud and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 

10.10+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 26, 2021 between Frank Laurencio and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 

10.11+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 26, 2021 between Dr. Robert Mears and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 

10.12+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 26, 2021 between
 Jeffrey Lewis and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration
Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated January 19, 2016 between 750 University, LLC and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 

10.14 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement dated May 31, 2022 between the Company and Oppenheimer Co. Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on May 31, 2022 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 30, 2016. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) . 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

+ Indicated
management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Item 16 . 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None provided. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

ATOMERA INCORPORATED. 

Date: February 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott A. Bibaud 

Scott A. Bibaud 
Chief Executive Officer, 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

and Director 

Date: February 15, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Francis B. Laurencio 

Francis B. Laurencio 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and 

Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Scott A. Bibaud 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 February 15, 2023 

Scott A. Bibaud 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John D. Gerber 
 
 Director and Chairman 
 
 February 15, 2023 

John Gerber 

/s/ Steven K. Shevick 
 
 Director 
 
 February 15, 2023 

Steven K. Shevick 

/s/ Duy-Loan Le 
 
 Director 
 
 February 15, 2023 

Duy-Loan Le 

/s/ Suja Ramnath 
 
 Director 
 
 February 15, 2023 

Suja Ramnath 

49 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 atomera_ex2301.htm
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements of Atomera Incorporated on Form S-8 (File No. 333-213093 and File No. 333-218666) and Form S-3 (File No. 333 - 262750)
of our report dated February 15, 2023, with respect to our audits of the financial statements of Atomera Incorporated as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Atomera Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 Los Angeles, CA 
February 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 atomera_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Scott A. Bibaud, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atomera Incorporated; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the company and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; And 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

ATOMERA INCORPORATED 

Date: February 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott A. Bibaud 

Scott A. Bibaud, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 atomera_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Francis B. Laurencio, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atomera Incorporated; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the company and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

ATOMERA INCORPORATED 

Date: February 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Francis B. Laurencio 

Francis B. Laurencio, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 atomera_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Atomera Incorporated
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott A. Bibaud, the Chief Executive Officer, and Francis B. Laurencio, the Chief Financial
Officer, of the Company, respectively, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Scott A. Bibaud 
 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 

Scott A. Bibaud 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Francis B. Laurencio 
 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 

Francis B. Laurencio 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

This certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 atom-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 atom-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 atom-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 atom-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

