<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1441816_0001441816-23-000027.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11752254</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>489845</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2719713</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3594535</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2572019</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2193020</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001441816-23-000027.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317161205
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001441816-23-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MongoDB, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001441816
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38240
		FILM NUMBER:		23742687

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		38TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-237-8815

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		38TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	10GEN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001441816-23-000027.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 mdb-20230131.htm
 10-K

mdb-20230131 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 _____________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _____________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 _____________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (Nasdaq Global Market) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 _____________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-Accelerated Filer (Do not check if a small reporting company) 
 Small Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s shares of common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Global Market on July 29, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter), was approximately billion. 
 As of March 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 

MongoDB, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 48 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 103 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 103 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 104 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 104 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 104 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 104 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 105 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 General 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in this report to the terms MongoDB, the Company, we, our and us refer to MongoDB, Inc., its divisions and its subsidiaries. All information presented herein is based on our fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company s fiscal years ended January 31 and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. 
 Trademarks 
 MongoDB and the MongoDB leaf logo and other trademarks or service marks of MongoDB, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K are the property of MongoDB, Inc. This Form 10-K contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of others, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Form 10-K may appear without the or symbols. 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, or would, or the negative or plural of these terms or other comparable terminology. Actual events or results may differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements and these differences may be material and adverse. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our future operating and financial performance, ability to generate positive cash flow and ability to achieve and sustain profitability; 
 our ability to successfully anticipate and satisfy customer demands, including through the introduction of new features, products or services and the provision of professional services; 
 the effects of increased competition in our market; 
 our ability to expand our sales and marketing organization and to scale our business, including entering into new markets and managing our international expansion; 
 the duration and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future operating and financial performance, as well as on our customers and potential customers; 
 negative economic, business and political conditions, including as a result of the interest rate environment and inflationary pressures that adversely affect the general economy, the job market, consumer confidence and spending habits; 
 the effects of geopolitical instability, including as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the imposition of sanctions on Russia and other actions in response, on economic and market conditions, and heightened cybersecurity risks; 
 the future trading prices of our common stock and the impact of securities analysts reports and macroeconomic trends on these prices; 
 our ability to continue to build and maintain credibility with the developer community; 
 our ability to attract and retain customers to use our products; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, enforce and enhance our intellectual property; 
 the growth and expansion of the market for database products and our ability to penetrate such market; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to maintain the security of our software and adequately address privacy concerns; 
 our ability to accurately forecast our sales cycle and make changes to our pricing model; 
 our ability to form new and expand existing strategic partnerships; 
 the attraction and retention of highly skilled and key personnel; 
 our ability to enhance our brand; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and future expenses and maintain our corporate culture; and 
 our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, business strategy and financial needs. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. These risks are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Form 10-K include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 
 This Form 10-K contains market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications. These data and forecasts involve a number of assumptions and limitations and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such information. We have not independently verified any third-party information. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information included in this Form 10-K is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise. 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 MongoDB is the developer data platform company whose mission is to empower developers to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. Our developer data platform is an integrated set of database and related services that allow development teams to address the growing variety of modern application requirements, all in a unified and consistent user experience. 
 The foundation of our platform is the world s leading, modern general purpose database. Built on our unique document-based architecture, our database is designed to meet the needs of organizations for performance, scalability, flexibility and reliability while maintaining the strengths of relational databases. Every software application requires a database to store, organize and process data. Large organizations can have tens of thousands of applications and associated 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 databases. A database directly impacts an application's performance, scalability, flexibility and reliability. As a result, selecting a database is a highly strategic decision that directly affects developer productivity, application performance and organizational competitiveness. 
 The global database market is dominated by legacy relational databases, which were first developed in the 1970s. Their underlying architecture remains largely unchanged even though the nature of applications, how they are deployed and their role in business has evolved dramatically. Modern software development is highly iterative and requires flexibility. Relational databases were not built to support the volume, variety and speed of data being generated today, hindering application performance and developer productivity. In a relational database environment, developers are often required to spend significant time fixing and maintaining the linkages between modern applications and the rigid database structures that are inherent in relational offerings. Further, relational databases were built before cloud computing and were not designed for always-on globally distributed deployments. These factors have left developers and their organizations in need of more agile and effective database alternatives. A number of non-relational database alternatives have attempted to address the limitations of relational databases, but they have not achieved widespread developer mindshare and marketplace adoption due to technical trade-offs in their product architectures and the resulting compromises developers are required to make in application development. 
 Our database combines the best of both relational and non-relational databases. We believe our core platform differentiation is driven by our ability to address the needs of organizations for performance, scalability, flexibility and reliability while maintaining the strengths of relational databases. Our document-based architecture enables developers to manage data in a more natural way, making it easy and intuitive for developers to rapidly and cost-effectively build, modernize, deploy and maintain applications, thereby increasing the pace of innovation within an organization. Customers can run our database in any environment, depending on their operational requirements: fully managed as a service or self-managed in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment. 
 In addition to the database offering, our developer data platform includes additional capabilities that allow developers to address a broader range of application requirements. Our platform s integrated capabilities allow organizations to reduce the need for disparate, single-purpose data technologies, thereby lowering the cost and complexity of their application infrastructure. These complementary capabilities of our platform include: 
 Search . Extends the developer interface for working with the database to search operations, simplifying the development of rich search experiences in applications. It also eliminates the need to run a separate search engine alongside the database and maintains the sync between the two systems. 
 Time series. Supports the entire end-to-end cycle of applications that leverage time series data, from ingestion, storage and querying to native data visualization and automated data archival in a single platform, which removes the need for complex integration, thereby increasing efficiency and reducing cost. 
 Data lifecycle . Includes capabilities that help users more effectively manage the lifecycle of their application data. For example, MongoDB Atlas Online Archive helps users automatically tier aged data out of the database while keeping the data fully accessible. 
 Application-driven analytics . Includes a wide range of capabilities to help development teams build richer application experiences that rely on automatic, low-latency analytical processing of live data. This includes rich aggregations and indexing strategies, as well as dedicated analytics nodes for workload isolation. 
 Mobile . Enables developers to easily build mobile applications independently or via a fully managed experience that syncs data stored on devices to a cloud database. 
 We compete in the database management software market, which is one of the largest in the software industry. According to IDC, the data management software market is forecast to be 95 billion in 2023 growing to approximately 138 billion in 2026, representing a 13 compound annual growth rate. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The MongoDB Advantage 
 The key differentiating features and capabilities of our developer data platform platform include: 
 We Built Our Platform for Developers. 
 MongoDB was built by developers for developers. We architected our platform with robust functionality and made it easy and intuitive for developers to build, modernize, deploy and maintain applications rapidly and cost-effectively, thereby increasing developer productivity. Our document-based architecture enables developers to manage and interact with data in a more natural way than legacy alternatives. As a result, developers can focus on the application and end-user experience, as they do not have to spend significant time fixing and maintaining the linkages between the application and a rigid relational database structure. We also develop and maintain drivers in all leading programming languages, allowing developers to interact with our platform using the programming language of their choice, further increasing developer productivity. According to the Stack Overflow Annual Developer Survey, MongoDB continues to be one of the top databases developers want to work with. 
 We Built a Platform for Modern Applications. 
 Our founders were frustrated by the challenges and limitations of working with legacy database offerings. Our platform was built to address these challenges and limits while maintaining the best aspects of relational databases, allowing developers both to build new, modern applications that could not be built on relational databases and to more quickly and easily modernize existing applications. While the percentage varies from quarter to quarter, over the course of the past fiscal year, approximately one quarter of our new business related to MongoDB Enterprise Advanced, our proprietary commercial database offering, resulted from applications that were migrated from legacy relational databases. 
 Core features and benefits of our platform include: 
 Versatility. Our developer data platform supports a broad range of workloads and offers our customers a host of features and services that complement our database offering. This integration provides a unique solution that precludes the need for single-purpose technologies, and allows our customers to reduce the cost and back-end complexity of their application infrastructure, as well as increase the speed of innovation. 
 Performance. We deliver the extreme throughput and predictable low-latency required by the most demanding applications and leverage modern server architectures, delivering millions of operations per second. 
 Scalability. Our architecture scales horizontally across thousands of servers, supporting petabytes of data and millions of users in a globally distributed environment. It is easy to add capacity to our platform in a modular, predictable and cost-efficient manner. Applications can be run anywhere in the world with our global multi-cloud reach. 
 Flexibility and Control. MongoDB's intelligent distributed systems architecture enables users to easily place data where their applications and users need it. MongoDB can be run within and across geographically distributed data centers and cloud regions, providing levels of scalability, workload isolation and data locality to meet today's modern application requirements. 
 Reliability. Our platform includes the critical, advanced security features and fault-tolerance that enterprises demand. It was built to operate in a globally distributed environment for always-on applications. Our multi-cloud and global reach empowers global applications to withstand regional outages while addressing the most demanding data security and privacy requirements. 
 We Allow Customers to Run Any Application Anywhere. 
 As a developer data platform, we support applications across a wide range of use cases. Our software is easily configurable, allowing customers to adjust settings and parameters to optimize performance for a specific application and use case. Customers can run our platform in any environment, depending on their operational requirements: fully managed as a service or self-managed in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment. Customers can deploy our platform in any of the major public cloud alternatives, providing them with increased flexibility and cost-optimization opportunities by enabling public cloud vendor optionality. Our customers have a consistent experience regardless of infrastructure, providing optionality, flexibility and efficiency. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Customers of MongoDB Atlas, our multi-cloud developer data platform offering, enjoy the benefits of using MongoDB as a service in the public cloud, further enabling developers to focus on their application performance and end-user experience, rather than the back-end infrastructure lifecycle management. With MongoDB Atlas, organizations only have to manage how their applications use the database and are freed from the tasks of infrastructure provisioning, configuring operating systems, upgrading software and more. 
 
 Key Customer Benefits 
 Our platform delivers the following key business benefits for our customers: 
 Maximize Competitive Advantage through Software and Data. Our platform is built to support modern applications, allowing organizations to harness the full power of software and data to drive competitive advantage. Developers use our platform to build new, operational and customer-facing applications, including applications that cannot be built on legacy databases. As a result, our platform can help drive our customers ability to compete, improve end-user satisfaction, increase their revenue and gain market share. 
 Increase Developer Productivity. By empowering developers to build and modernize applications quickly and cost-efficiently, we enable developers agility and accelerate their time-to-revenue for new products. Our platform s document-based architecture and intuitive drivers make developing new applications and iterating on existing applications very efficient, increasing developer productivity. MongoDB Atlas allows developers to focus on how their applications use the database, application performance and end-user experience, rather than the database infrastructure management including provisioning, operating system configuration, upgrades, monitoring and backups. 
 Deliver High Reliability for Mission-Critical Deployments. Our platform is designed to support mission-critical applications by being fault-tolerant and always-on, reducing downtime for our customers and minimizing the risk of lost revenue. Also, given the competitive criticality of applications, we designed our platform to enable better end-user experiences. 
 Reduce Complexity. Our platform s integrated capabilities allow customers to reduce the need for disparate, single-purpose solutions, thereby reducing the cost and complexity of the application infrastructure required to support modern applications. 
 Reduce Total Cost of Ownership. The speed and efficiency of application development using our platform, coupled with decreased developer resources required for application maintenance, can result in a dramatic reduction in the total cost of ownership for enterprises. In addition, our platform runs on commodity hardware, requires less oversight and management from operations personnel and can operate in the cloud of choice or other low-cost environments, leading to reduced application-related overhead costs for our customers and lower total cost of ownership. 
 Our Products 
 Our customers can implement our developer data platform as a managed service offering, or they can choose a self-managed option. MongoDB Atlas is our managed multi-cloud database-as-a-service DBaaS offering that includes an integrated set of database and related services. MongoDB Enterprise Advanced is our proprietary self-managed commercial offering for enterprise customers that can run in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment. 
 MongoDB Atlas 
 In June 2016, we introduced MongoDB Atlas, our hosted multi-cloud database-as-a-service DBaaS offering that includes comprehensive infrastructure and management, which we run and manage in the public cloud. MongoDB Atlas provides customers with a highly flexible, managed offering that includes automated provisioning and healing, comprehensive system monitoring, managed backup and restore, default security and other features that reduce operational complexity and increase application resiliency. MongoDB Atlas allows customers to remove themselves from the complexity of managing the database and related underlying infrastructure, so they can instead focus on the application and end-user experience and innovate more quickly to better serve their own customers and capitalize on new business opportunities. 
 Built for resilience, scale, and security, MongoDB Atlas is available in more than 100 regions worldwide across all three major cloud providers (Amazon Web Services AWS ), Google Cloud Platform GCP and Microsoft Azure), enabling our customers to leverage the benefits of different cloud platforms for different use cases and helping them avoid 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 infrastructure vendor lock-in. The general availability of multi-cloud clusters on MongoDB Atlas allows organizations to deploy a fully managed, distributed database across multiple cloud providers simultaneously without the added operational complexity of managing data replication and migration across clouds. 
 Over the years, we have introduced additional features and functionality, which have increased the capabilities of MongoDB Atlas and accelerated and expanded its adoption including Atlas Search, Atlas Device Sync, Atlas Data Federation and Atlas Charts. 
 More recently, MongoDB Atlas achieved the formal FedRAMP Moderate Authorized designation. MongoDB Atlas provides the software tools and services necessary for U.S. government organizations to quickly and easily build and deploy secure, highly-scalable, distributed applications in the AWS cloud. We believe MongoDB is positioned to capitalize on the popularity of MongoDB across a number of U.S. federal government agencies. 
 MongoDB Atlas represented 63 , 56 and 46 of our total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 MongoDB Enterprise Advanced 
 MongoDB Enterprise Advanced is our proprietary self-managed commercial database offering for enterprise customers that can run in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment. MongoDB Enterprise Advanced is our subscription package that includes a commercial license to our platform and the following: 
 MongoDB Enterprise Database Server. The MongoDB enterprise database server, called Enterprise Server, is our proprietary commercial database. It stores, organizes and processes data and facilitates access and changes to the data. Enterprise Server includes advanced security features, auditing functionality and enterprise-standard authentication and authorization, as well as encrypted and in-memory storage engines to enable a wide range of workloads. 
 Enterprise Management Capabilities. MongoDB Enterprise Advance customers can choose either our Cloud Manager Premium product (for customers who want to manage our platform via the cloud) or Ops Manager (generally for those with on-premises deployments), our sophisticated suite of management tools that allows operations teams to run, manage and configure MongoDB according to their needs. 
 Analytics Integrations. We provide integrations to allow data and business analysts to analyze data in applications running on our platform using their existing business intelligence and analytics tools. Our analytics integrations ensure that enterprises can efficiently extract significant value from applications built on our platform. 
 MongoDB Enterprise Advanced represented 28 , 34 and 43 of our total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Professional Services 
 We provide professional services to our customers, including consulting and training, with the goal of making customer deployments of our platform successful, thereby increasing customer retention and driving customer revenue expansion. Given that we have designed our platform to be easily deployed, our services typically do not involve implementation and are designed to facilitate a more rapid and successful deployment of MongoDB by our customers. Professional services are an important part of our customer retention and expansion strategy. Customers who purchase professional services have typically increased their subscription usage with our platform and have done so more quickly than customers who have not engaged with our professional services. 
 Professional services represented 4 of our total revenue for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Free Offerings 
 To encourage developer usage, familiarity and adoption of our platform, we offer Community Server and a free tier of MongoDB Atlas as freemium offerings. Community Server is a free-to-download version of our database that includes the core functionality that developers need to get started with MongoDB but not all of the features of our commercial platform. Community Server is available under a license that protects our intellectual property and supports our subscription business model. Our goal is to convert Community Server users to paying customers of our commercial subscription offerings of 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MongoDB Atlas or MongoDB Enterprise Advanced. Our Community Server has been downloaded over 365 million times from our website alone since February 2009. Our free tier of MongoDB Atlas provides access to our hosted database solution with limited processing power and storage, as well as certain operational limitations. 
 Unlike software companies built around third-party open source projects, we own the intellectual property of our offerings since we are the creators of the software, enabling our proprietary software subscription business model. Owning the intellectual property of our offering also allows us to retain control over our future product roadmap, including the determination of which features are included in our free or paid offerings. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 We are pursuing our large market opportunity with growth strategies that include: 
 Acquiring New Customers. We believe there is a substantial opportunity to continue to grow our customer base. We benefit from word-of-mouth awareness and frictionless experimentation by the developer community through our Community Server and MongoDB Atlas free tier offerings. As a result, our self-serve and direct sales prospects are often familiar with our platform and may have already built applications using our technology. While we sell to organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries, our key sales focus is on enterprises that invest more heavily in software application development and deployment. These organizations have a greater need for databases and, in the largest enterprises, can have tens of thousands of applications and associated databases. We plan to continue to invest in our direct sales force to grow our larger enterprise subscription base, both domestically and internationally. 
 Expanding Sales Within Our Customer Base. We seek to grow our sales with our customers in several ways. As an application grows and requires additional capacity, our customers increase their spending on our platform. Our customers may expand their subscriptions to our platform as they migrate additional existing applications or build new applications, either within the same department or in other lines of business or geographies. Also, as customers modernize their information technology IT infrastructure and move to the cloud, they may migrate applications from legacy databases. Even within our largest customers, we believe we typically represent a small percentage of their overall spend on databases, reflecting our small market penetration. Our goal is to increase the number of customers that standardize on our database platform within their organization, which may include offering centralized internal support for developers within the organization or the deployment of an internal MongoDB-as-a-service offering. Our ability to expand within existing customers is demonstrated by our net annualized recurring revenue ARR expansion rate, which has consistently been over 120 . See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K for a description of ARR and a discussion of our net ARR expansion rate. 
 Extending Product Leadership and Introducing New Products. We intend to continue to invest in our product offerings with the goal of expanding the functionality and adoption of our platform. The guiding principle of our product innovation is to help developers solve more of their data challenges by utilizing our platform. During 2021, we improved the ease of use of our platform, by introducing innovation that facilitates data partitioning and expanded the breadth of functionality by introducing native time series support across our platform. During 2022, we continued to build on these improvements and further extended our offering. The new features, capabilities and improvements such as column store indexes, in-app analytics, Atlas Serverless, Atlas Device Sync, allow developer teams to accomplish more over a wider range of workloads while preserving a consistent developer experience and optimizing for modern application architectures. And with Queryable Encryption, we pioneered the industry s first encrypted search scheme using breakthrough cryptography engineering. This technology gives developers the ability to query encrypted sensitive data in a simple and intuitive way with the data remaining encrypted at all times on the database. 
 Fostering the MongoDB Developer Community. We have attracted a large and growing community of highly engaged developers, who have downloaded our Community Server offering over 365 million times from our website since February 2009 and over 125 million times in the last 12 months alone . We believe that the engagement of developers increases our brand awareness. Many of these developers become proponents of MongoDB within their organizations, which may result in new customers selecting our platform, as well as expansion opportunities within existing customers. Historically, we have invested in our community through active sponsorship of user groups, our user conferences, MongoDB University and other community-centered events. As of January 31, 2023, there were 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 over 1.8 million MongoDB University registrations. We intend to continue to invest in the MongoDB developer community. 
 Growing and Cultivating Our Partner Ecosystem. We have built a partner ecosystem of independent software vendors, systems integrators, value added resellers, cloud and technology partners. For example, we have expanded our business partnerships with all three major cloud providers (AWS, GCP and Microsoft Azure) to enhance our joint marketing initiatives, deliver technology integrations that benefit customers and align with our sales strategy. In addition, our technology partnerships have provided our customers with tools to help them modernize from legacy relational databases to MongoDB which, along with our other technology partnerships, provide us with significant benefits, including lead generation, new customer acquisition, marketplace fulfillment, accelerated deployment and additional customer support. We expanded our global partner ecosystem with the Alibaba Cloud partnership to offer an authorized MongoDB-as-a-Service solution to users in China. We subsequently expanded our reach in China in February 2021 when we launched a global partnership with Tencent Cloud that allows customers to easily adopt and use MongoDB-as-a-Service across Tencent s global cloud infrastructure.We have also expanded our existing partnerships with independent software vendors and global systems integrators including IBM, Accenture, Infosys, Capgemini, Confluent, HCL, Wipro, Cognizant, Deloitte and Tata Consultancy Services. Our system integrator partners have also been valuable in working with organizations to migrate and modernize applications to our platform, including leveraging the cloud with MongoDB Atlas. We intend to continue to expand and enhance our partner relationships to benefit our global customers, grow our market presence and drive greater sales efficiency. 
 Expanding Internationally. We believe there is a significant opportunity to continue to expand the use of our platform outside the United States. During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, revenue generated outside of the United States was 45 , 46 and 44 of our total revenue. We intend to continue to expand our sales and drive the adoption of our platform globally. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We believe that our employees and the culture we have established are critically important to our success. To continue to compete and succeed in our highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, it is crucial that we attract, retain and motivate qualified employees. To support these objectives, we strive to maintain our company culture, offer competitive compensation and benefits, support the health and well-being of our employees, foster an inclusive, diverse and engaged workforce and develop talent. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had a total of 4,619 employees, including 2,211 employees located outside the United States. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to our relationship with our employees. Generally, these laws and regulations are specific to the location of our business and we engage with legally recognized employee representatives in these locations as required. In accordance with the requirements of France, we have established a Social and Economic Committee composed of employer and elected staff representatives. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide competitive compensation and benefits for our employees globally. We continue to evolve our compensation programs to maintain competitive alignment with market practices while ensuring all pay decisions are driven by performance. Our compensation package may include base salary, commission or semi-annual bonuses and long-term equity awards. Where the market indicates, equity compensation continues to be an important tool to attract and retain talent. Employees in equity-eligible roles receive a new hire award at the time of hire and an annual performance-related refresh thereafter. To foster a strong sense of ownership and align our employees interests with our long-term success, we offer all full-time employees the opportunity to participate in an employee stock purchase plan. 
 In addition to cash and equity compensation, we offer employees a wide array of benefits designed to be aligned with local reward practices and help us successfully compete for talent. In the United States, these include health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off, retirement benefits and additional resources to support employees' overall well-being. While the philosophy around our benefits is the same worldwide, specific benefits may vary by country due to local regulations and preferences. 
 Health, Safety and Well-Being 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We believe the health, safety and well-being of our employees are vital to our success. We have introduced guidelines, which reflect our commitment to both the physical and psychological health and well-being of our employees. As part of this commitment, we recognize our responsibility to provide a safe and healthy work environment for all employees, contractors, customers and visitors. 
 We prioritized employee safety during the COVID-19 pandemic by ensuring all employees were properly enabled to work remotely and by providing clarity on office closures and evolving guidelines. In addition, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we introduced emergency caregiving leaves and promoted new and existing resources related to mental health. We also implemented additional measures to support our employees, such as company-wide days off and wellness checks throughout the pandemic. 
 As conditions improved, we began to re-open our offices in the United States and certain other locations globally for employees to voluntarily return. In April 2022, we moved forward with a hybrid return-to-office approach. We implemented four working models, which help ensure that we are meeting business needs while also offering employees flexibility. As it relates to the in-office employee experience, we aim to provide opportunities for collaboration and social interaction, as well as training opportunities in managing a hybrid team for our people managers. We have several hub offices and a network of satellite offices in locations around the world and continue to introduce new workplace initiatives to enhance the employee experience. 
 As it relates to employee well-being, we offer a range of benefits under our four pillars of well-being: 
 Physical well-being . We offer our employees access to highly comprehensive and competitive medical coverage in local markets, often covering the employee and dependent premiums. Our plans often include dental, optical, maternity, hospitalization and outpatient care, among other coverages. To promote healthy lifestyles, we also offer employees access to highly subsidized or discounted monthly gym and exercise class memberships. 
 Financial well-being . We believe that financial security is an enabler of creativity and productivity, which is why we offer retirement saving options for our employees, as well as benefits such as life insurance, disability insurance, critical illness and accident coverage. 
 Emotional well-being . Our employees and their families have 24-hour access to our Employee Assistance Program EAP ). Our EAP offers confidential guidance on matters such as family support, mental health and legal assistance. Through local partners, employees have access to free counseling and coaching sessions. Globally we also have a team of mental Health First Aiders, who are trained to be a point of contact for any of our employees experiencing emotional distress. In addition, all employees receive a complimentary subscription to a meditation app, which provides hundreds of themed meditation sessions on everything from sleep to focus to reducing stress. 
 
 Family well-being . We provide global fertility benefits to our employees and their partners, including fertility care, adoption and surrogacy assistance and unlimited access to 1:1 guidance with certified practitioners. In the United States and some of our bigger geographies, we also offer backup childcare support. We feel strongly that parents should be able to share the responsibilities of caregiving and our parental leave policy gives all new parents at least 20 weeks of paid leave. 
 Talent Leadership Development 
 Once we attract top talent, promoting their professional growth and development is an essential tool for retention and ensuring our continued success as we navigate the challenges of scaling in a competitive business environment. In addition to our ongoing delivery of professional and technical skill growth, we focus on two key levers for developing our talent. First, we are committed to developing talent using our performance and growth framework, which equips managers, and through them also equip employees, to meet and exceed high performance expectations, and make MongoDB a true inflection point in their careers. Second, we are focused on leadership development at all levels at MongoDB, which includes new manager onboarding, as well as leadership development for first-line managers and second-line leaders. Teams are also encouraged to seek customized leadership development programming for their leaders, to drive a precision focus on business needs. 
 Our Culture 
 We believe our culture is critical to our success and has delivered tangible financial and operational benefits for our customers, our employees and our stockholders. Our company values are: 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Think Big, Go Far. We are big dreamers with a passion for creativity. We eagerly pursue new opportunities and markets through innovation and disruption. We have a pioneering spirit - always ready to forge new paths and take smart risks. 
 Build Together. We achieve amazing things by connecting and leveraging the diversity of perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds of our entire organization. We place the success of the company over any individual or team. We discuss things thoroughly, but prioritize commitment over consensus. 
 Embrace the Power of Differences. We commit to creating a culture of belonging, where people of different origins, backgrounds and experiences feel valued and heard. This is cultivated by learning from and respecting each other s similarities and differences. We approach conversations with positive intent and believe that others value the perspective we bring to the table. We recognize that a diverse workforce is the best way to broaden our perspectives, foster innovation and enable a sustainable competitive advantage. 
 Make It Matter. We are relentless in our pursuit of meaningful impact. We think strategically and are clear on what we are and are not trying to do. We accomplish an amazing amount of important work and we are obsessed with delivering on our commitments. 
 Be Intellectually Honest. We embrace reality. We apply high-quality thinking and rigor and operate with transparency. We have courage in our convictions but work hard to ensure biases or personal beliefs do not get in the way of finding the best solution. 
 Own What You Do. We take ownership and are accountable for everything that we do. We empower and we are empowered to make things happen and balance independence with interdependence. We demand excellence from ourselves. We each play our own part in making MongoDB a great place to work. 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 We are committed to building a diverse workforce and a culture that reflects our value of embracing the power of differences to drive better business outcomes. 
 We have expanded our efforts to recruit a more diverse workforce by embedding the capability to recruit diverse talent within our entire recruiting organization and investing in a diversity sourcing team that supports diverse recruitment marketing campaigns and external partnerships. 
 We are investing in the development of diverse high potential talent within MongoDB, and we have launched Inclusive Leadership Training for all Vice-Presidents across the company. 
 We also have a growing number of Employee Resource Groups ERGs ), including BEAM (Black Employees At MongoDB), Config.MDB (neurodivergent and people with disabilities), Green Team (sustainable, social, and environmental responsibility), MDBWomen (employees identifying as women), MongoDB_ API (Asian American and Pacific Islander community), Queer Collective (members of the LGBTQIA+ community and allies), Queeries (a safe environment for those identifying as LGBTQIA+), QueLatine (honoring the diversity of Latine heritage), Sell Like a Girl (those identifying as women in sales), UGT (underrepresented genders in tech), and Veterans (employees who are veterans of the armed forces). These groups focus on providing community support, professional development and business impact. Our ERGs play an important role in our overall company culture by helping us raise awareness of issues unique to their members experiences. 
 As signatories to the Corporate Parity Pledge, we have committed to interview at least one qualified female candidate for every open role at the vice president level and above, as well as for every additional directorship on our Board of Directors. Additionally, we have partnered with Advancing Women in Tech to create a mentorship program focused on accelerating the growth of women and non-binary directors. 
 We are committed to pay equity, regardless of gender, ethnicity or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider factors such as an employee s role and experience, job location and performance. In addition, to reduce the risk of bias and help ensure consistent pay practices, we use a third-party tool to conduct annual pay parity checks. 
 Employee Engagement 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We conduct anonymous engagement surveys regularly to help us understand the employee experience, identify areas of strength and development opportunities among teams, measure the effectiveness of our people and culture initiatives and understand employees sentiments on management. These surveys are managed by a third-party vendor to encourage candor. The results are reviewed by senior management, who analyze areas of progress or needs for improvement and work with their teams to determine actionable steps based on survey results. The results also drive organization-wide focus areas and commitments focused on leadership, culture and inclusion. 
 Our Customers 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had over 40,800 customers spanning a wide range of industries in more than 100 countries around the world. All affiliated entities are counted as a single customer. No single customer represented more than 10 of our revenue in fiscal year 2023. All affiliated entities are counted as a single customer and our definition of customer excludes users of our free offerings. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing teams work together closely to drive awareness and adoption of our platform, accelerate customer acquisition and generate and increase revenue from customers. While we sell to organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries, our key sales focus is on enterprises that invest more heavily in software application development and deployment. These organizations have a greater need for databases and, in the largest enterprises, can have tens of thousands of applications and associated databases. We plan to continue to invest in our direct sales force to grow our larger enterprise subscription base, both domestically and internationally. 
 Our go-to-market model is primarily focused on driving awareness and usage of our platform among software developers with the goal of converting that usage into paid consumption of our platform. We are a pioneer of developer evangelism and education and have cultivated a large, highly engaged global developer community. We foster developer engagement through community events and conferences to demonstrate how developers can create or modernize applications quickly and intuitively using our platform. We intend to continue to cultivate our relationships with developers through continued investment in and growth of our MongoDB Advocacy Hub, User Groups and MongoDB University. 
 To drive developer awareness of, engagement with, and adoption of our platform, we created our Community Server and MongoDB Atlas free tier offerings. These let developers use, experiment and evaluate our platform frictionlessly, which we believe has contributed to our platform s popularity. We believe that developers are often advocates for us because of our developer-focused approach. As a result, our self-serve and direct sales prospects are often familiar with our platform and may have already built applications using our technology. In order to assess the most likely commercial prospects, we employ a process-oriented and data-driven approach to customer acquisition. We utilize advanced marketing technologies and processes to drive awareness and engagement, educate and convert prospects into customers. We also analyze usage patterns of our self-serve customers and free-tier users to identify those accounts that might benefit from engagement with our sales teams. As customers expand their usage of our platform, our relationships with them often evolve to include technology and business leaders within their organizations and our goal is to get organizations to standardize on our platform. Once our customers reach a certain spending level with us, we support them with customer success advocates to ensure their satisfaction and expand their usage of our platform. We also have a partner ecosystem of global system integrators, value-added resellers and independent software vendors, which we collectively refer to as strategic partners. 
 Our sales and marketing organization includes sales development, inside sales, field sales, sales engineering and marketing personnel. As of January 31, 2023, we had 2,249 employees in our sales and marketing organization. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development efforts are focused on enhancing our existing products and developing new products to extend our product leadership, increase our market penetration and deepen our relationships with our customers. Our research and development organization is built around small development teams. Our small development teams foster greater agility, which enables us to develop new, innovative products and make rapid changes to our infrastructure that increase resiliency and operational efficiency. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 1,030 employees in our research and development organization. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development capabilities to extend our platform. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 The worldwide database software market is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are: 
 mindshare with software developers and IT executives; 
 product capabilities, including flexibility, scalability, performance, security and reliability; 
 flexible deployment options, including fully managed as a service or self-managed in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment; 
 ease of deployment; 
 breadth of use cases supported; 
 ease of integration with existing IT infrastructure; 
 robustness of professional services and customer support; 
 price and total cost of ownership; 
 adherence to industry standards and certifications; 
 size of customer base and level of user adoption; 
 strength of sales and marketing efforts; and 
 brand awareness and reputation. 
 We believe that we compete favorably on the basis of the factors listed above. 
 We primarily compete with established legacy database software providers such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and other similar companies. We also compete with public cloud providers such as AWS, GCP and Microsoft Azure that offer database functionality and non-relational database software providers. 
 Some of our actual and potential competitors, in particular the legacy database providers and large cloud providers, have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, more established relationships with current or potential customers and commercial partners, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global distribution and presence. Such competitors may make their products available at a low cost or no cost basis in order to enhance their overall relationships with current or potential customers. Our competitors may also be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader offerings and can bundle competing products with hardware or other software offerings, including their cloud computing and customer relationship management platforms. Other large software and internet companies may also seek to enter our market. As we introduce new technologies, such as the ones we announced during fiscal year 2022, and as our existing markets see more market entry, we expect competition to intensify. 
 Seasonality 
 We have in the past and expect in the future to experience seasonal fluctuations in our revenue and operating results from time to time. We may experience variability and reduced comparability of our quarterly revenue and operating results with respect to the timing and nature of certain of our contracts, particularly multi-year contracts that contain a term license. We may also experience fluctuations as MongoDB Atlas revenue is recorded on a consumption basis and varies with usage, including due to seasonal variability. As MongoDB Atlas revenue continues to increase as a percentage of total revenue, these fluctuations may have a greater impact on our results of operations.We believe that seasonal fluctuations that we have experienced in the past may continue in the future. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements and other contractual protections, to protect our proprietary technology. We also rely on a number of registered and unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. 
 As of January 31, 2023, in the United States, we had been issued 68 patents, which expire between 2030 and 2041 and had 37 patent applications pending, of which eight are provisional applications. In addition, as of January 31, 2023, we had 11 registered trademarks in the United States and three pending trademark application in the United States. 
 Unlike software companies built around open source projects, we own the intellectual property of our core offerings, allowing us to retain control over our future product roadmap, including the determination of which features are included in our free or paid offerings. All versions of Community Server released after October 16, 2018 are offered under the SSPL. Versions of Community Server released prior to October 16, 2018 are offered under the AGPL. Both the SSPL and the AGPL permit users to run the database without charge but subject to certain terms and conditions. The SSPL explicitly requires Community Server users that offer MongoDB as a third-party service to make publicly available the source code for all the programs used to offer such service. The AGPL requires users to make publicly available the source code for any modified version of the database that they distribute, run as a service or otherwise make available to end users. By contrast, we offer our Enterprise Server database under a commercial license that does not have this requirement and this is one of the reasons some organizations elect to buy a subscription including a commercial license to our platform. In addition, by offering Community Server under the SSPL and AGPL, we limit the appeal to other parties, including public cloud vendors, of monetizing our software without licensing it from us, further supporting our software subscription business model. 
 In addition, we seek to protect our intellectual property rights by implementing a policy that requires our employees and independent contractors involved in development of intellectual property on our behalf to enter into agreements acknowledging that all works or other intellectual property generated or conceived by them on our behalf are our property and assigning to us any rights, including intellectual property rights, that they may claim or otherwise have in those works or property, to the extent allowable under applicable law. 
 Corporate Information 
 MongoDB, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in November 2007 under the name 10Gen, Inc. We changed our name to MongoDB, Inc. on August 27, 2013. In October 2017, we completed our initial public offering and our Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol MDB. Our principal executive offices are located at 1633 Broadway, 38th Floor, New York, New York 10019 and our telephone number is (646) 727-4092. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy statements and other information are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at investors.mongodb.com when such reports are available on the SEC s website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors Summary 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk because we are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as more fully described below. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in information technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our business and results of operations depend substantially on our customers renewing their subscriptions with us and expanding their usage of software and related services. Any decline in our customer renewals or failure to convince our customers to broaden their usage of subscription offerings and related services could materially and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future results of operations. 
 We have a history of losses and as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Because we derive the majority of our revenue from MongoDB Atlas, failure of MongoDB Atlas to satisfy customer demands could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects and our future revenue may be more difficult to predict. 
 We currently face significant competition and expect that intense competition will continue. 
 If we do not effectively expand our sales and marketing organization, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers. 
 Our decision to offer Community Server under the Server Side Public License SSPL may harm the adoption of Community Server. 
 We could be negatively impacted if the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3 (the AGPL ), the SSPL and other open source licenses under which some of our software is licensed are not enforceable. 
 Our licensing model for Community Server could negatively affect our ability to monetize and protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We could incur substantial costs in obtaining, maintaining, protecting, defending or enforcing our intellectual property rights and any failure to obtain, maintain, protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights could reduce the value of our software and brand. 
 If we are not able to introduce new features or services successfully and to make enhancements to our software or services, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. If we fail to continue to grow and to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, increase our revenue, improve our results of operations, maintain high levels of service, or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 If we or our third-party service providers, experience a security breach or other security incident, or unauthorized access to personal, proprietary, confidential or other sensitive data is otherwise obtained, our software may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or terminate their use of our software and we may face litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability and reputational damage. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, especially among developers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in information technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions and our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for database software and services generally and for our subscription offering and related services in particular. Current or future economic uncertainties or downturns could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, financial and credit market fluctuations, international trade relations and/or the imposition of trade tariffs, political turmoil, natural catastrophes, regional or global outbreaks of contagious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, warfare and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific region or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on information technology, disrupt the timing and cadence of key industry and marketing events and otherwise could materially and adversely affect the growth of our business. 
 
 Geopolitical risks, including those arising from trade tension and/or the imposition of trade tariffs, terrorist activity or acts of civil or international hostility, are increasing. Similarly, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has had negative impacts on the global economy, including by contributing to rapidly rising costs of living (driven largely by higher energy prices) in Europe and created uncertainty in the global capital markets and is expected to have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets. Further, other events outside of our control, including natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or health crises may arise from time to time and be accompanied by governmental actions that may increase international tension. Any such events and responses, including regulatory developments, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, disproportionate impacts to certain industries or sectors, disruptions to commerce (including to economic activity, travel and supply chains), loss of life and property damage, and may materially and adversely affect the global economy or capital markets, as well as our business and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, the global economy, including credit and financial markets, has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions and may continue to experience such disruptions in the future, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about economic stability. As a result of these factors, our revenues may be affected by both decreased customer acquisition and lower than anticipated revenue growth from existing customers. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in widespread unemployment, economic slowdown and extreme volatility. Similarly, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has created extreme volatility in the global capital markets and has caused and could continue to cause disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets. Any such volatility and disruptions may have material and adverse consequences on us, the third parties on whom we rely or our customers. Increased inflation and/or interest rates can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including labor and employee benefit costs. Any significant increases in inflation and related increase in interest rates could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Further, to the extent there is a sustained general economic downturn and our database software is perceived by customers and potential customers as costly, or too difficult to deploy or migrate to, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology spending. This could also result in an extension of our sales cycle with potential customers, thus increasing the time and cost associated with our sales process. Further, if our customers experience reductions in their technology spending, even if they choose to use our products, they may not purchase additional products and services in the future due to budget limitations. 
 
 In addition, if financial institutions used by us or our customers face insolvency or illiquidity challenges due to events affecting the banking system and / or financial markets, our and our customers' ability to access existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments may be threatened. To the extent that the resulting receivership or insolvency causes customers to be unable to, or causes delays, in accessing bank deposits, our customers may not be able to pay us on time or at all for the products and services that we provide them and they may not renew their subscriptions with us. The failure of banks or financial institutions and the measures taken by governments, businesses and other organizations in response to such events could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Also, competitors, many of whom are larger and more established than we are, may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our subscription offerings and related services. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future results of operations. 
 We were incorporated in 2007 and introduced MongoDB Community Server in 2009, MongoDB Enterprise Advanced in 2013 and MongoDB Atlas in 2016. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to accurately predict future growth. Our historical revenue growth has been inconsistent and should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing adoption or usage of MongoDB or demand for our subscription offerings and related services, reduced conversion of users of our free offerings to paying customers, increasing competition, changes to technology or our intellectual property or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. We have also encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. 
 We have a history of losses and as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 We have incurred net losses in each period since our inception, including net losses of 345.4 million, 306.9 million and 266.9 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 1.5 billion as of January 31, 2023. We expect our operating expenses to increase significantly as we increase our sales and marketing efforts, continue to invest in research and development and expand our operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally. In particular, we have entered into non-cancelable multi-year capacity commitments with respect to cloud infrastructure services with certain third-party cloud providers, which require us to pay for such capacity irrespective of actual usage. In addition, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company. While our revenue has grown in recent years, if our revenue declines or fails to grow at a rate faster than these increases in our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods. As a result, we expect to continue to generate losses. We cannot assure you that we will achieve profitability in the future or that, if we do become profitable, we will be able to sustain profitability. 
 Because we derive the majority of our revenue from MongoDB Atlas, failure of MongoDB Atlas to satisfy customer demands could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects and our future revenue may be more difficult to predict. 
 We derive and expect to continue to derive the majority of our revenue from MongoDB Atlas, our database-as-a-service offering, which is primarily recognized on a usage-basis. As such, market adoption and usage of MongoDB Atlas is critical to our continued success. Although MongoDB Atlas has seen rapid adoption since its commercial launch in June 2016, and though we intend to continue to direct a significant portion of our financial and operating resources to develop and grow MongoDB Atlas, including offering a free tier of MongoDB Atlas to generate developer usage and awareness, we cannot guarantee that rate of adoption will continue at the same pace or at all. Demand for MongoDB Atlas is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including economic downturns, continued market acceptance by developers, the availability of our Community Server offering, the continued volume, variety and velocity of data that is generated, timing of development and release of new offerings by our competitors, technological change and the rate of growth in our market. If we are unable to continue to meet the demands of our customers and the developer community, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects will be materially and adversely affected. In addition, because our customer s usage of MongoDB Atlas may vary for a number of reasons, our visibility into the timing of revenue recognition is limited. There is a risk that customers will consume our MongoDB Atlas offering more slowly than we expect, and our actual results may differ from our forecasts and our future revenue may be less predictable going forward due to, among other things, fluctuations in the rate of customer renewals and expansions and seasonality of, or fluctuations in, usage of MongoDB Atlas. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our business and results of operations depend substantially on our customers renewing their subscriptions with us and expanding their usage of software and related services. Any decline in our customer renewals or failure to convince our customers to broaden their usage of subscription offerings and related services could materially and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our subscription offerings are term-based and a majority of our subscription contracts were one year in duration in fiscal year 2022. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions with us when the existing subscription term expires and renew on the same or more favorable quantity and terms. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions and we may not be able to accurately predict customer renewal rates. In addition, the growth of our business depends in part on our customers expanding their use of subscription offerings and related services, including increasing their usage and workloads with us. Historically, some of our customers have elected not to renew their subscriptions with us or have not expanded their usage of our services over time for a variety of reasons, including as a result of changes in their strategic IT priorities, budgets, costs and, in some instances, due to competing solutions. Our retention rate may also decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of other factors, including our customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our software, the increase in the contract value of subscription and support contracts from new customers, the effectiveness of our customer support services, our pricing, the prices of competing products or services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, global economic conditions and the other risk factors described herein. As a result, we cannot assure you that customers will renew subscriptions or increase their usage of our software and related services. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or renew on less favorable terms, or if we are unable to expand our customers usage of our software, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Further, to the extent there is a sustained general economic downturn and our database software is perceived by customers and potential customers as costly, or too difficult to deploy or migrate to, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology spending. See Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in information technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We currently face significant competition and expect that intense competition will continue. 
 The database software market, for both relational and non-relational database products, is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and others may put out competing databases or sell services in connection with existing open source or source available databases, including ours. The principal competitive factors in our market include: mindshare with software developers and information technology IT executives; product capabilities, including flexibility, scalability, performance, security and reliability; flexible deployment options, including fully managed as a service or self-managed in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment and ease of deployment; breadth of use cases supported; ease of integration with existing IT infrastructure; robustness of professional services and customer support; price and total cost of ownership; adherence to industry standards and certifications; size of customer base and level of user adoption; strength of sales and marketing efforts; and brand awareness and reputation. If we fail to compete effectively with respect to any of these competitive factors, we may fail to attract new customers or lose or fail to renew existing customers, which would cause our business and results of operations to suffer. 
 We primarily compete with established legacy database software providers such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and other similar companies. We also compete with public cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services AWS ), Google Cloud Platform GCP and Microsoft Azure that offer database functionality and non-relational database software providers. In addition, other large software and internet companies may seek to enter our market. 
 Some of our actual and potential competitors, in particular the legacy relational database providers and large cloud providers, have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, more established relationships with current or potential customers and commercial partners, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global distribution and presence. Such competitors may make their products available at a low cost or no cost basis in order to enhance their overall relationships with current or potential customers. Our competitors may also be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or may be able to devote greater resources than we can to the development, promotion, and sale of their products and services. As we introduce new technologies and product enhancements, such as the ones we announced during fiscal year 2022, and as our existing markets see more market entry, we expect competition to intensify in the future. In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader offerings and can bundle competing products with hardware or other software offerings, including their cloud computing and customer relationship management platforms. As a result, customers may choose a bundled offering from our competitors, even if 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 individual products have more limited functionality compared to our software. These larger competitors are also often in a better position to withstand any significant reduction in technology spending and will therefore not be as susceptible to competition or economic downturns. In addition, some competitors may offer products or services that address one or a limited number of functions at lower prices, with greater depth than our products or in geographies where we do not operate. 
 
 Furthermore, our actual and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings in the markets we address. In addition, third parties with greater available resources may acquire current or potential competitors. As a result of such relationships and acquisitions, our actual or potential competitors might be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs, devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of other opportunities more readily or develop and expand their offerings more quickly than we do. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors. 
 If we do not effectively expand our sales and marketing organization, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers. 
 Increasing our customer base and achieving broader market acceptance of our subscription offerings and related services will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to effectively expand our sales and marketing operations and activities. We are substantially dependent on our direct sales force and our marketing efforts to obtain new customers. We plan to continue to expand our sales and marketing organization both domestically and internationally. We believe that there is significant competition for experienced sales professionals with the sales skills and technical knowledge that we require, particularly as we continue to target larger enterprises. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth in the future will depend, in part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of experienced sales professionals, especially in highly competitive markets. New hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity, particularly in new or developing sales territories. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as we expect, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and remote work arrangements, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the future in the markets where we do business, particularly during the current period of heightened employee attrition in the United States and other countries. Because of our limited operating history, we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, our sales will increase as we expand our sales and marketing organization or how long it will take for sales personnel to become productive. Our business and results of operations could be harmed if the expansion of our sales and marketing organization does not generate a significant increase in revenue. 
 Our adoption strategies include offering Community Server and a free tier of MongoDB Atlas and we may not be able to realize the intended benefits of these strategies. 
 To encourage developer usage, familiarity and adoption of our platform, we offer Community Server as a freemium offering. Community Server is a free-to-download version of our database that does not include all of the features of our commercial platform. We also offer a free tier of MongoDB Atlas in order to accelerate adoption, promote usage and drive brand and product awareness. We do not know if we will be able to convert these users to paying customers of our platform. Our marketing strategy also depends in part on persuading users who use one of these free versions to convince others within their organization to purchase and deploy our platform. To the extent that users of Community Server or our free tier of MongoDB Atlas do not become, or lead others to become, paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of these strategies and our ability to grow our business or achieve profitability may be harmed. 
 Our decision to offer Community Server under the SSPL, may harm the adoption of Community Server. 
 On October 16, 2018, we announced that we were changing the license for Community Server from the AGPL to a new software license, the SSPL. The SSPL builds on the spirit of the AGPL, but includes an explicit condition that any organization attempting to exploit MongoDB as a service must open source the software that it uses to offer such service. Since the SSPL is a new license and has not been interpreted by any court, developers and the companies they work for may be hesitant to adopt Community Server because of uncertainty around the provisions of the SSPL and how it will be interpreted and enforced. In addition, the SSPL has not been approved by the Open Source Initiative, nor has it been included in the Free Software Foundation s list of free software licenses. This may negatively impact the adoption of Community Server, which in turn could lead to reduced brand and product awareness, ultimately leading to a decline in paying customers and our ability to grow our business or achieve profitability may be harmed. 
 We track certain operational metrics with internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and any real or perceived inaccuracies in 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 such metrics may adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 We track certain operational metrics, including annualized recurring revenue ARR ), annualized monthly recurring revenue MRR ), ARR expansion rate, Total Customers, Direct Sales Customers, MongoDB Atlas Customers, Customers over 100K and Downloads of our platform and non-GAAP metrics such as non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per share and free cash flow. These operational metrics are tracked with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platform is used across large populations. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 We could be negatively impacted if the AGPL, the SSPL and other open source licenses under which some of our software is licensed are not enforceable. 
 
 The versions of Community Server released prior to October 16, 2018 are licensed under the AGPL. This license states that any program licensed under it may be copied, modified and distributed provided certain conditions are met. On October 16, 2018, we issued a new software license, the SSPL, for all versions of Community Server released on or after that date. The SSPL builds on the spirit of the AGPL, but includes an explicit condition that any organization using Community Server to offer MongoDB as a third-party service must open source the software that it uses to offer such service. It is possible that a court would hold the SSPL or AGPL to be unenforceable. If a court held either license or certain aspects of this license to be unenforceable, others may be able to use our software to compete with us in the marketplace in a manner not subject to the restrictions set forth in the SSPL or AGPL. 
 Our licensing model for Community Server could negatively affect our ability to monetize and protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We make our Community Server offering available under either the SSPL (for versions released on or after October 16, 2018) or the AGPL (for versions released prior to October 16, 2018). Community Server is a free-to-download version of our database that includes the core functionality developers need to get started with MongoDB but not all of the features of our commercial platform. Both the SSPL and the AGPL grant licensees broad freedom to view, use, copy, modify and redistribute the source code of Community Server provided certain conditions are met. Some commercial enterprises consider SSPL- or AGPL-licensed software to be unsuitable for commercial use because of the copyleft requirements of those licenses. However, some of those same commercial enterprises do not have the same concerns regarding using the software under the SSPL or AGPL for internal purposes. As a result, these commercial enterprises may never convert to paying customers of our platform. Anyone can obtain a free copy of Community Server from the Internet and we do not know who all of our SSPL or AGPL licensees are. Competitors could develop modifications of our software to compete with us in the marketplace. We do not have visibility into how our software is being used by licensees, so our ability to detect violations of the SSPL or AGPL is extremely limited. 
 In addition to Community Server, we contribute other source code to open source projects under open source licenses and release internal software projects under open source licenses and anticipate doing so in the future. Because the source code for Community Server and any other software we contribute to open source projects or distribute under open source licenses is publicly available, our ability to monetize and protect our intellectual property rights with respect to such source code may be limited or, in some cases, lost entirely. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our software incorporates third-party open source software, which could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
 Our software includes third-party open source software and we intend to continue to incorporate third-party open source software in our products in the future. There is a risk that the use of third-party open source software in our software could impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to monetize our software. Although we monitor the incorporation of open source software into our products to avoid such restrictions, we cannot be certain that we have not incorporated open source software in our products or platform in a manner that is inconsistent with our licensing model or that we have not breached the terms of an applicable open source license agreement, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Certain open source projects also include other open source software and there is a risk that those dependent open source libraries may be subject to inconsistent licensing terms. This could create further uncertainties as to the governing terms for the open source software we incorporate. 
 In addition, the terms of certain open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated restrictions or conditions on our use of such software. Additionally, we may from time to time face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the software or derivative works that we developed using such open source software, which could include proprietary portions of our source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source licenses. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make those proprietary portions of our source code freely available, purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated software or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources and we may not be able to complete it successfully. 
 In addition to risks related to license requirements, the use of third-party open source software can lead to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties, indemnities or other contractual protections with respect to the software (for example, non-infringement or functionality). There is typically no support available for open source software, and we cannot ensure that the authors of such open source software will implement or push updates to address security risks or will not abandon further development and maintenance. Our use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the source code for open source software is publicly available, which may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to breach our systems that rely on open source software. In addition, licensors of open source software included in our offerings may, from time to time, modify the terms of their license agreements in such a manner that those license terms may become incompatible with our licensing model and thus could, among other consequences, prevent us from incorporating the software subject to the modified license. 
 Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and if not addressed, could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are not able to introduce new features or services successfully and to make enhancements to our software or services, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in part on our ability to enhance and improve our software and to introduce new features and services. To grow our business and remain competitive, we must continue to enhance our software and develop features that reflect the constantly evolving nature of technology and our customers needs. The success of new products, enhancements and developments depends on several factors: our anticipation of market changes and demands for product features, including timely product introduction and conclusion, sufficient customer demand, cost effectiveness in our product development efforts and the proliferation of new technologies that are able to deliver competitive products and services at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely. In addition, because our software is designed to operate with a variety of systems, applications, data and devices, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our software to keep pace with changes in such systems. We may not be successful in developing these modifications and enhancements. Furthermore, the addition of features and solutions to our software will increase our research and development expenses. Any new features that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue to justify the related expenses. It is difficult to predict customer adoption of new features. Such uncertainty limits our ability to forecast our future results of operations and subjects us to a number of challenges, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. If we cannot address such uncertainties and successfully develop new features, enhance our software or otherwise overcome technological challenges and competing technologies, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We also offer professional services including consulting and training and must continually adapt to assist our customers in deploying our software in accordance with their specific IT strategies. If we cannot introduce new services or enhance our existing services to keep pace with changes in our customers deployment strategies, we may not be able to attract new customers, retain existing customers and expand their use of our software or secure renewal contracts, which are important for the future of our business. 
 Our success is highly dependent on our ability to penetrate the existing market for database products, as well as the growth and expansion of the market for database products. 
 Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to service existing demand, as well as the continued growth and expansion of the database market. It is difficult to predict demand for our offerings, the conversion from one to the other and related services and the size, growth rate and expansion of these markets, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Our ability to penetrate the existing database market and any expansion of the market depends on a number of factors, including cost, performance and perceived value associated with our subscription offerings, as well as our customers willingness to adopt an alternative approach to relational and other database products available in the market. Furthermore, many of our potential customers have made significant investments in relational databases, such as offerings from Oracle, and may be unwilling to invest in new products. If the market for databases fails to grow at the rate that we anticipate or decreases in size or we are not successful in penetrating the existing market, our business would be harmed. 
 Our future quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price could decline substantially. 
 Our results of operations, including our revenue, operating expenses and cash flows may vary significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, may be difficult to predict and may or may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Some of the factors that may cause our results of operations to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 
 changes in actual and anticipated growth rates of our revenue, customers and other key operating metrics; 
 new product announcements, pricing changes and other actions by competitors; 
 the mix of revenue and associated costs attributable to subscriptions for our MongoDB Atlas and MongoDB Enterprise Advanced offerings (such as our non-cancelable multi-year cloud infrastructure capacity commitments, which require us to pay for such capacity irrespective of actual usage) and professional services, as such relative mix may impact our gross margins and operating income; 
 the mix of revenue and associated costs attributable to sales where subscriptions are bundled with services versus sold on a standalone basis and sales by us and our partners; 
 our ability to attract new customers; 
 our ability to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities and teams; 
 our ability to retain customers and expand their usage of our software, particularly for our largest customers; 
 our inability to enforce the AGPL or SSPL; 
 delays in closing sales, including the timing of renewals, which may result in revenue being pushed into the next quarter, particularly because a large portion of our sales occur toward the end of each quarter; 
 the timing of revenue recognition; 
 the mix of revenue attributable to larger transactions as opposed to smaller transactions; 
 changes in customers budgets and in the timing of their budgeting cycles and purchasing decisions; 
 changes in customers consumption of our platform; 
 customers and potential customers opting for alternative products, including developing their own in-house solutions, or opting to use only the free version of our products; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 the timing and success of new products, features and services offered by us and our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers or strategic partners; 
 significant security breaches or other security incidents, technical difficulties, or interruptions with respect to the delivery and use of our software; 
 our failure to maintain the level of service uptime and performance required by our customers; 
 the collectability of receivables from customers and resellers, which may be hindered or delayed if these customers or resellers experience financial distress; 
 changes in political and economic conditions, in domestic or international markets; 
 general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, including warfare and terrorist attacks on the United States and other regions in which we or our customers operate, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers participate, including those conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 sales tax and other tax determinations by authorities in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business; 
 the impact of new accounting pronouncements; and 
 fluctuations in stock-based compensation expense. 
 The occurrence of one or more of the foregoing and other factors may cause our results of operations to vary significantly and be materially and adversely affected. For example, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results and the price of our common stock may be particularly pronounced in the current economic environment due to the uncertainty caused by the unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing geopolitical instability resulting from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about economic stability. In response to the concerns over inflation risk, the U.S. Federal Reserve recently raised interest rates multiple times, and signaled that they will continue to adjust interest rates to stabilize and reduce current levels of inflation. It is especially difficult to predict the impact of such events on the global economic markets, which have been and will continue to be highly dependent upon the actions of governments, businesses, and other enterprises in response to the pandemic and macroeconomic events, and the effectiveness of those actions. Any of these factors or any combination thereof could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For instance, as a result of adverse macroeconomic conditions, we experienced slower than historical growth of our existing Atlas applications for the year ended January 31, 2023. We also intend to continue to invest to grow our business and to take advantage of our market opportunity. Accordingly, historical patterns and our results of operations in any one quarter may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicative of future performance. Additionally, if our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. If we fail to continue to grow and to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, increase our revenue, improve our results of operations, maintain high levels of service, or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 We have recently experienced rapid growth in our business, operations and employee headcount. For fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, our total revenue was 1,284.0 million, 873.8 million and 590.4 million, respectively, representing a 47 and 48 growth rate, respectively. We have also significantly increased the size of our customer base from over 3,200 customers as of January 31, 2017 to over 40,800 customers as of January 31, 2023, and we grew from 713 employees as of January 31, 2017 to 4,619 employees as of January 31, 2023. We expect to continue to expand our operations and employee headcount in the near term. Our success will depend in part on our ability to continue to grow and to manage this growth, domestically and internationally, effectively. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our current and anticipated growth is expected to place a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management processes and controls and our reporting syst ems and procedures to manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, which will require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. If we fail to implement these infrastructure improvements effectively, our ability to ensure the uninterrupted operation of key business systems and comply with the rules and regulations that are applicable to public reporting companies will be impaired. Further, if we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality of our products and services could suffer, the preservation of our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment may change and we may not be able to adequately address competitive challenges. This could impair our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and expand their use of our products and services, all of which would adversely affect our brand, overall business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or other security incident, or unauthorized access to personal, proprietary, confidential or other sensitive data is otherwise obtained, our software may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or terminate their use of our software and we may face litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability and reputational damage. 
 Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our personal, proprietary, confidential and other sensitive data and our information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely to help deliver services to our customers. Such threats are prevalent, increasing in frequency, evolving in nature and becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors (including organized criminal threat actors), hacktivists, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors. In addition, some actors, such as sophisticated nation-states and nation-state supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyberattacks, including without limitation for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon whom we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyberattacks, that could materially disrupt our systems, operations and supply chain. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, fraud, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, pandemics, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. 
 Ransomware attacks, including by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and our remote workforce pose increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees work from home, utilizing network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including while at home, in transit and in public locations. Additionally, the United States government has raised concerns about a potential increase in cyberattacks generally as a result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries. Furthermore, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional data security risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Risks related to data security will increase as we continue to grow the scale and functionality of our business and collect, store, transmit and otherwise process increasingly large amounts of our and our customers information and data, which may include personal, proprietary, confidential or other sensitive data. 
 Any of the above identified or similar threats could cause a security breach or other security incident that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure, 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 transfer, use or other processing of, or access to our information technology systems or personal, proprietary, confidential or other sensitive information, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security breach or other security incident could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our platform, products, and services. 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against, mitigate or remediate actual or perceived security breaches and other security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and personal, proprietary, confidential or other sensitive information. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security breaches and other security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We have not always been able in the past and may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems (including our products) because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security breach or other security incident has occurred. For example, industry publications have reported ransomware attacks on MongoDB instances. We believe these attacks were successful due to the failure by users of our Community Server offering to properly turn on the recommended security settings when running these instances. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems (including our products), our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 We use third-party service providers and subprocessors to help us deliver services to our customers. These third-party service providers and subprocessors may collect, store, transmit or otherwise process personal data or other confidential information of our employees and our customers. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. Due to applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations, we may be held responsible for security breaches or other security incidents attributed to our third-party service providers as they relate to the information we share with them. 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches and other security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. 
 If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience or are perceived to have experienced a security breach or other security incident, or fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public, regulators, law enforcement agencies or affected individuals, as applicable, following any such event, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: liability under applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations; obligations to notify regulators and affected individuals; government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing personal and other sensitive information; litigation (including class claims); indemnification and other contractual obligations; damages; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security breaches and other security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our platform, products, and services, deter new customers from using our platform, products, and services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. 
 While we maintain general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions, we cannot assure you that such coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims alleging compromises of personal or other confidential data or otherwise relating to data privacy and security matters. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our sales cycle may be long and is unpredictable and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. 
 The timing of our sales and related revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of the sales cycle for our offerings. We are often required to spend significant time and resources to better educate and familiarize potential customers with the value proposition of paying for our products and services. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to payment for our offerings is generally three to nine months, but can vary substantially from customer to customer or from application to application within a given customer. As the purchase and deployment of our products can be dependent upon customer initiatives, our sales cycle can extend to more than a year for some customers. Customers often view a subscription to our products and services as a strategic decision and significant investment and, as a result, frequently require considerable time to evaluate, test and qualify our product offering prior to entering into or expanding a subscription. During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and money on sales and marketing and contract negotiation activities, which may not result in a sale. Additional factors that may influence the length and variability of our sales cycle include: 
 the effectiveness of our sales force, in particular new sales people as we increase the size of our sales force; 
 the discretionary nature of purchasing and budget cycles and decisions; 
 the obstacles placed by a customer s procurement process; 
 our ability to convert users of our free offerings to paying customers; 
 economic conditions and other factors impacting customer budgets; 
 customer evaluation of competing products during the purchasing process; and 
 evolving customer demands. 
 Given these factors, it is difficult to predict whether and when a sale will be completed and when revenue from a sale will be recognized, particularly the timing of revenue recognition related to the term license portion of our subscription revenue. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, rising inflation and interest rates, and global economic uncertainty, potential customers may consider reducing or delaying, technology or other discretionary spending, which could also result in an extension of our sales cycle. This could impact the variability and comparability of our quarterly revenue results and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be forced to reduce prices for our subscription offerings and as a result our revenue and results of operations will be harmed. 
 As the market for databases evolves, or as new competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, we may be unable to attract new customers or convert users of our free offerings to paying customers on terms or based on pricing models that we have used historically. In the past, we have been able to increase our prices for our subscription offerings, but we may choose not to introduce or be unsuccessful in implementing future price increases. As a result of these and other factors, in the future we may be required to reduce our prices or be unable to increase our prices, or it may be necessary for us to increase our services or product offerings without additional revenue to remain competitive, all of which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to attract new customers in a manner that is cost-effective and assures customer success, we will not be able to grow our business, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In order to grow our business, we must continue to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner and enable these customers to realize the benefits associated with our products and services. We may not be able to attract new customers for a variety of reasons, including as a result of their use of traditional relational and/or other database products and their internal timing, budget or other constraints that hinder their ability to migrate to or adopt our products or services. 
 Even if we do attract new customers, the cost of new customer acquisition, product implementation and ongoing customer support may prove so high as to prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability. For example, in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, total sales and marketing expense represented 54 , 54 and 55 of revenue, respectively. We intend to continue to hire additional sales personnel, increase our marketing activities to help educate the market about the benefits of our platform and services, grow our domestic and international operations and build brand awareness. We also intend to continue to cultivate our relationships with developers through continued investment and growth of our MongoDB World, 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 MongoDB Advocacy Hub, User Groups, MongoDB University and our partner ecosystem of global system integrators, value-added resellers and independent software vendors. If the costs of these sales and marketing efforts increase dramatically, if we do not experience a substantial increase in leverage from our partner ecosystem, or if our sales and marketing efforts do not result in substantial increases in revenue, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, while we expect to continue to invest in our professional services organization to accelerate our customers ability to adopt our products and ultimately create and expand their use of our products over time, we cannot assure you that any of these investments will lead to the cost-effective acquisition of additional customers. 
 If we fail to offer high quality support, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 Our customers rely on our personnel for support of our software and services included in our subscription packages. High-quality support is important for the renewal and expansion of our agreements with existing customers. The importance of high-quality support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell new software to existing and new customers could suffer and our reputation and relationships with existing or potential customers could be harmed. 
 Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our software could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Our software is complex and therefore, undetected errors, failures or bugs have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. Our software is used in IT environments with different operating systems, system management software, applications, devices, databases, servers, storage, middleware, custom and third-party applications and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in the IT environment into which our software is deployed. This diversity increases the likelihood of errors or failures in those IT environments. Despite testing by us, real or perceived errors, failures or bugs may not be found until our customers use our software. Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our products could result in negative publicity, security breaches or other security incidents, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our software, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, harm to our brand, weakening of our competitive position, or claims by customers for losses sustained by them or failure to meet the stated service level commitments in our customer agreements. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend significant additional resources in order to help correct the problem. Any real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our software could also impair our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers or expand their use of our software, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, standards, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; a disruption of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. 
 Data privacy has become a significant issue in the United States, Europe and in many other countries and jurisdictions where we offer our software and services. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, share and otherwise process personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, and intellectual property. We collect personal information from individuals located both in the United States and abroad and may store or otherwise process such information outside of the country in which it was collected. Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, rules, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws For example, at the federal level, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce (which extends to data privacy and security practices), and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. At the state level, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as modified by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the CCPA gives California residents the right to, among other things, request disclosure of personal information collected about them and whether that information has been sold to others, request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions), opt out of sales of their personal information, and not be discriminated against for 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 exercising these rights. The CCPA also authorizes private lawsuits to recover statutory damages for certain data breaches. The effects of the CCPA are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to personal information we collect about California residents. For example, in August 2022 California s Attorney General reached a settlement with Sephora, Inc. Sephora for failing to satisfy certain obligations under the CCPA, including the disclosure and processing of opt-out requests, with respect to the for using third-party tracking software on Sephora's website that could, among other things, create profiles about website visitors that the California Attorney General interpreted as a "sale" of customer information given the benefits that both the software provider and Sephora received from the relationship. This action may signal a priority of enforcement and interpretation that such use of analytics products on the internet may introduce new web-based marketing complexities and compliance challenges under the CCPA. 
 A number of other U.S. states have also enacted, or are considering enacting, comprehensive data privacy laws that share similarities with the CCPA, with at least four such laws (in Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut) having taken effect, or scheduled to take effect, in 2023. Certain state laws and regulations may be more stringent, broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal data than federal or other state laws and regulations, and such laws and regulations may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. There is also discussion in Congress of a new federal data privacy and security law to which we may become subject if it is enacted. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal data has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. These laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is difficult and may be costly. 
 Additionally, in March 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC proposed cybersecurity disclosure rules for public companies that would require disclosure regarding cybersecurity risk management (including cybersecurity-related business activities, decision-making processes, and a corporate board s role in overseeing cybersecurity) and material cybersecurity incidents in periodic filings. While the notice-and-comment period has closed, we do not have an expected date of when these rules would go into effect. 
 Furthermore, on May 12, 2021, the Biden administration issued an Executive Order requiring federal agencies to implement additional IT security measures, including, among other things, requiring agencies to adopt multifactor authentication and encryption for data at rest and in transit, to the maximum extent consistent with federal records laws and other applicable laws. Additionally, the Executive Order called for the development of secure software development practices or criteria for a consumer software labeling program reflecting a baseline level of secure practices for development of software sold to the U.S. federal government. Due to the Executive Order, federal agencies may require us to modify our cybersecurity practices and policies and increase our compliance costs and, if we are unable to meet the requirements of the Executive Order, it could impede our ability to work with the U.S. government and result in a loss of revenue. 
 Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data privacy and security legal framework with which we or our customers must comply, including, but not limited to, the European Economic Area E.E.A. ), Switzerland, the United Kingdom U.K. ), Canada, Brazil and other countries. The collection, use, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data regarding individuals in the E.E.A. is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), and other European laws governing the processing of personal data. Data protection authorities in the E.E.A. have the power to impose administrative fines for violations of the GDPR of up to a maximum of 20 million or 4 of the entity s total worldwide global turnover for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Further, the GDPR provides for private litigation related to the processing of personal data that can be brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent the data subjects interests. Since we act as a data processor for our MongoDB Atlas customers, we have taken steps to cause our processes to be compliant with applicable portions of the GDPR, but because of the ambiguities in the GDPR and the evolving interpretation of the GDPR by data protection authorities, we cannot assure you that such steps are complete or effective. 
 Following the exit of the U.K. from the European Union E.U. ), the GDPR was transposed into UK law (the U.K. GDPR as supplemented by the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018, which currently imposes the same obligations as the GDPR in most material respects. Failure to comply with the U.K. GDPR can result in fines up to a maximum of 17.5 million or 4 of the entity s total worldwide global turnover for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. However, the U.K. GDPR will not automatically incorporate changes made to the GDPR going forward (which would need to be specifically incorporated by the U.K. government). Moreover, the U.K. government has publicly announced plans to reform the U.K. GDPR in ways that, if formalized, are likely to deviate from the GDPR, all of which creates a risk of divergent parallel regimes and related uncertainty, along with the potential for increased compliance costs and risks for affected businesses. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Countries outside Europe are implementing significant limitations on the processing of personal data, similar to those in the GDPR. For example, Brazil has enacted the General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD (Law No. 13,709/2018). In addition, on June 5, 2020, Japan passed amendments to its Act on the Protection of Personal data, or APPI. Both of these laws broadly regulate the processing of personal data in a manner comparable to the GDPR, and violators of the LGPD and APPI face substantial penalties. 
 Some foreign data privacy and security laws, including, without limitation, the GDPR and U.K. GDPR, may restrict the cross-border transfer of personal data, such as transfers of data to the United States from the E.E.A., or U.K. These laws may require data exporters and data importers - as a condition of cross-border data transfers - to implement specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal data. Existing mechanisms that facilitate cross-border personal data transfers may change or be invalidated. For example, the GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the E.E.A. that the European Commission does not consider to provide an adequate level of data privacy and security, such as the United States, unless the parties to the transfer have implemented specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal data, such as, most commonly, the Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs released by the European Commission. Use of the SCCs imposes additional compliance burdens, such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. While the European Commission announced in March 2022 that an agreement in principle had been reached between E.U. and U.S. authorities regarding a new transatlantic data privacy framework, no formal agreement has been finalized, and any such agreement, if formalized, is likely to face challenge at the Court of Justice of the European Union. In addition, the U.K. similarly restricts personal data transfers outside of the U.K. jurisdiction to countries such as the United States that the U.K. government does not consider to provide an adequate level of personal data protection, and the U.K. government has adopted its own standard International Data Transfer Agreement for use under such circumstances, as well as an international data transfer addendum that can be used with the SCCs for the same purpose. Certain countries outside Europe (including Russia, China and Brazil) have also passed or are considering laws requiring local data residency or otherwise impeding the transfer of personal data across borders, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or other foreign jurisdictions. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations; limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to such cross-border data transfer or localization laws; or require us to increase our personal data processing capabilities and infrastructure in foreign jurisdictions at significant expense. 
 In addition to the GDPR, other European legislative proposals and present laws and regulations apply to cookies and similar tracking technologies, electronic communications, and marketing. In the E.E.A. and the U.K., regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements related to the online behavioral advertising ecosystem. For example, it is anticipated that the ePrivacy Regulation, which is still being negotiated, and national implementing laws will replace the current national laws implementing the ePrivacy Directive. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to make significant operational changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, and subject us to liabilities. 
 In addition to government regulation, we may be contractually subject to industry standards adopted by privacy advocates and industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. We may also be bound by other contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. 
 Further, because data privacy and security are critical competitive factors in our industry, we publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, use, disclosure and other processing of personal data and other confidential information. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies, certifications and documentation, we may at times fail to do so, may be perceived to have failed to do so, or be alleged to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees or vendors fail to comply with our published policies, certifications and documentation. The publication of our privacy policies and other documentation that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Should any of these statements prove to be untrue or be perceived as untrue, even if because of circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we may face litigation, disputes, claims, investigations, inquiries or other proceedings by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, federal, state and foreign regulators, our customers and private litigants, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Because the interpretation and application of data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards and other obligations are still uncertain and likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, it is possible that these laws, regulations, rules, standards and other actual or alleged obligations, including contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data management practices or the features of our software. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which we may be unable to do in a commercially reasonable manner or at all and which could have an adverse effect on our business. Any inability to adequately address data privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or the failure, or perceived failure, to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards, contractual obligations, policies and other actual or alleged obligations, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. 
 Furthermore, the costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, rules, standards, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our software. Privacy concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our software particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. 
 The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this Form 10-K may prove to be inaccurate and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts included in this Form 10-K are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on third-party assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The market in which we compete may not meet the size estimates and may not achieve the growth forecast referenced in this Form 10-K. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and the growth forecast referenced in this Form 10-K, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all, for a variety of reasons, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We could incur substantial costs in obtaining, maintaining, protecting, defending or enforcing our intellectual property rights and any failure to obtain, maintain, protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights could reduce the value of our software and brand. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our intellectual property rights. As of January 31, 2023, we had 68 issued patents and 37 pending patent applications in the United States. Patent applications may not result in issued patents and even if a patent issues, we cannot assure you that such patent will be adequate to protect our business. In addition to patent protection, we primarily rely on copyright and trademark laws, trade secret protection and confidentiality or other contractual arrangements with our employees, customers, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate and we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to establish, monitor and enforce such rights. Litigation brought to enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. An adverse determination of any litigation proceedings could put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our related intellectual property at risk of not issuing or being cancelled. The local laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and effective intellectual property protection and mechanisms may not be available in those jurisdictions. We may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property in these countries and our inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. Even if we are able to secure our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurances that such rights will provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology. 
 In addition, we regularly contribute source code under open source licenses and have made some of our own software available under open source or source available licenses and we include third-party open source software in our products. Because the source code for any software we contribute to open source projects or distribute under open source or source available licenses is publicly available, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to such source code may be limited or lost entirely. In addition, from time to time, we may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the software or derivative works that we have developed using third-party open source software, which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open-source license. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We have been and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which may be costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies. 
 Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have in the past and may in the future be subject to claims that we have misappropriated, misused, infringed or otherwise violated the intellectual property rights of our competitors, non-practicing entities or other third parties. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that our software incorporates third-party open source software. For example, Realtime Data Realtime filed a lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware in March 2019 alleging that we are infringing three U.S. patents that it holds: the 908 Patent, the 751 Patent and the 825 Patent. See Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this Form 10-K. 
 Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming and expensive and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party s rights, some of which we have invested considerable effort and time to bring to market. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any aspect of our business that may ultimately be determined to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of another party, we could be forced to limit or stop sales of subscriptions to our software and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our partners, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 In addition to our direct sales force and our website, we use strategic partners, such as global system integrators, value-added resellers and independent software vendors to sell our subscription offerings and related services. Our agreements with our partners are generally nonexclusive, meaning our partners may offer their customers products and services of several different companies, including products and services that compete with ours, or may themselves be or become competitors. If our partners do not effectively market and sell our subscription offerings and related services, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products and services or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our subscription offerings and related services may be harmed. Our partners may cease marketing our subscription offerings or related services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our partners, our possible inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional partners could harm our growth objectives and results of operations. 
 We rely upon third-party cloud providers to host our cloud offering; any disruption of or interference with our use of third-party cloud providers would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We outsource substantially all of the infrastructure relating to MongoDB Atlas across AWS, Microsoft Azure and GCP to host our cloud offering. If the hosting of MongoDB Atlas is disrupted or interfered with for any reason, our business would be negatively impacted. Customers of MongoDB Atlas need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance and we provide them with service level commitments with respect to uptime. Third-party cloud providers run their own platforms that we access and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. We may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time as a result of problems with our third-party cloud providers infrastructure. Lack of availability of this infrastructure could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud, cyberattacks, or security breaches or other security incidents that we cannot predict or prevent. Such interruptions, delays or outages could lead to the triggering of our service level agreements and the issuance of credits to our cloud offering customers, which may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we or any of these third-party cloud providers, experience a security breach or other security incident, our software is unavailable or our customers are unable to use our software within a reasonable amount of time or at all, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within a period of time acceptable to our customers. It is possible that our customers and potential customers would hold us accountable for any breach of security affecting a third-party cloud provider s infrastructure and we may incur significant liability from those customers and from third parties with respect to any breach affecting these systems. We may not be able to recover a material 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 portion of our liabilities to our customers and third parties from a third-party cloud provider. It may also become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times, as our software becomes more complex and the usage of our software increases. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing customers and new customers to access our software at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. We may experience service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes or failures, human or software errors, malicious acts, terrorism, security breaches or other security incidents, or capacity constraints. Capacity constraints could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud or cyberattacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify and/or remedy the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance as our software offerings and customer implementations become more complex. If our software is unavailable or if our customers are unable to access features of our software within a reasonable amount of time or at all, or if other performance problems occur, our business, results of operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected. 
 Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our software could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Our database software and related services are designed to be deployed in a wide variety of technology environments, including in large-scale, complex technology environments and we believe our future success will depend at least, in part, on our ability to support such deployments. Implementations of our software may be technically complicated and it may not be easy to maximize the value of our software without proper implementation and training. For example, industry publications have reported ransomware attacks on MongoDB instances. We believe these attacks were successful due to the failure by users of our Community Server offering to properly turn on the recommended security settings when running these instances. If our customers are unable to implement our software successfully, or in a timely manner, customer perceptions of our company and our software may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer and customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions or increase their purchases of our related services. 
 Our customers and partners need regular training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our software to maximize its potential. We often work with our customers to achieve successful implementations, particularly for large, complex deployments. Our failure to train customers on how to efficiently and effectively deploy and use our software, or our failure to provide effective support or professional services to our customers, whether actual or perceived, may result in negative publicity or legal actions against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any actual or perceived failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our related services. 
 If we fail to meet our service level commitments, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Our agreements with customers typically provide for service level commitments. Our MongoDB Enterprise Advanced customers typically get service level commitments with certain guaranteed response times and comprehensive 24x365 coverage. Our MongoDB Atlas customers typically get monthly uptime service level commitments, where we are required to provide a service credit for any extended periods of downtime. The complexity and quality of our customer s implementation and the performance and availability of cloud services and cloud infrastructure are outside our control and, therefore, we are not in full control of whether we can meet these service level commitments. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if we fail to meet our service level commitments for any reason. Any extended service outages could adversely affect our business, reputation and brand. 
 We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, including senior management and our engineering, professional services, sales and technology professionals; if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our senior management team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, and our highly skilled team members, including our sales personnel, customer-facing technical personnel and software engineers. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We do not maintain key man insurance on any of our executive officers or key employees. From time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team resulting from the termination or departure of our executive officers and key employees. The majority of our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of any of our senior management or key employees could adversely affect our ability to build on the efforts they have undertaken to execute our business plan and to execute against our market opportunity. We may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees. 
 Further, if members of our management and other key personnel in critical functions across our organization are unable to perform their duties or have limited availability, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy and/or our operations may be negatively impacted. 
 Our ability to successfully pursue our growth strategy and compete effectively also depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain our personnel. Competition for well-qualified employees in all aspects of our business, including sales personnel, customer-facing technical personnel and software engineers, is intense, and it may be even more challenging to retain qualified personnel as many companies have moved to offer a remote or hybrid work environment, and considering the current period of heightened employee attrition in the United States and other countries. Our recruiting efforts focus on elite organizations and our primary recruiting competition are well-known, high-paying technology companies. In response to competition, rising inflation rates and labor shortages, we may need to adjust employee compensation, which could affect our operating costs and margins, as well as potentially cause dilution to existing stockholders. We may also lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, especially among developers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We believe that developing and maintaining widespread awareness of our brand, especially with developers, in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our software and attracting new customers. Brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. For instance, our continued focus and investment in MongoDB World, MongoDB University and similar investments in our brand and customer engagement and education may not generate a sufficient financial return. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or continue to incur substantial expenses, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, or to achieve the widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption of our platform. 
 Our corporate culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot continue to maintain and develop this culture as we grow and evolve, we may be unable to execute effectively and could lose the innovation, creativity and entrepreneurial spirit we have worked hard to foster, which could harm our business. 
 We believe that our culture has been and will continue to be a key contributor to our success. From January 31, 2017 to January 31, 2023, we increased the size of our workforce by 3,906 employees and we expect to continue to hire as we expand, especially among research and development and sales and marketing personnel. Such substantial headcount growth may result in a change to our corporate culture. 
 Our leadership team also plays a key role in our corporate culture. We may recruit and hire other senior executives in the future. Such management changes subject us to a number of risks, such as risks pertaining to coordination of responsibilities and tasks, creation of new management systems and processes, differences in management style, any of which could adversely impact our corporate culture. In addition, we may need to adapt our corporate culture and work environments to changing circumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 If we do not continue to maintain and develop our corporate culture, we may be unable to execute effectively and foster the innovation, creativity and entrepreneurial spirit we believe we need to support our growth, which could harm our business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We depend and rely upon SaaS technologies from third parties to operate our business and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We rely on hosted SaaS applications from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including enterprise resource planning, order management, contract management billing, project management and accounting and other operational activities. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage finances could be interrupted and our processes for managing sales of our platform and supporting our customers could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could adversely affect our business. 
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements could expose us to substantial liability for data breaches, intellectual property infringement and other losses. 
 Our agreements with customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, damages caused by us to property or persons, security breaches or other security incidents, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our software, services or other contractual obligations. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we normally contractually limit our liability with respect to such indemnity obligations, we may still incur substantial liability related to them. Any dispute with a customer with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that customer and other existing customers and new customers and harm our business and results of operations. 
 Because our long-term growth strategy involves sales to customers outside the United States, our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived internationally and we are susceptible to risks related to our international operations. In the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, total revenue generated from customers outside the United States was 45 , 46 and 44 , respectively, of our total revenue. We currently have international offices outside of North America in Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA ), the Asia-Pacific region and South America, focusing primarily on selling our products and services in those regions. In addition, we expanded our reach in China in February 2021 when we announced a global partnership with Tencent Cloud that allows customers to easily adopt and use MongoDB-as-a-Service across Tencent s global cloud infrastructure. In the future, we may continue to expand our presence in these regions or expand into other international locations. Our current international operations and future initiatives involve a variety of risks, including risks associated with: 
 changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions; 
 the need to adapt and localize our products for specific countries; 
 greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles; 
 unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, taxes or trade laws; 
 shelter-in-place, occupancy limitations or similar orders, private travel limitation, or business disruption in regions affecting our operations, stemming from actual, imminent or perceived outbreak of contagious disease, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 more stringent regulations relating to data privacy and security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal data, particularly in EMEA; 
 differing labor regulations, especially in EMEA, where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations; 
 challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs; 
 difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems and regulatory systems; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 increased costs associated with international operations, including travel, real estate, infrastructure and legal compliance costs; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 
 the effect of other economic factors, including inflation, pricing and currency devaluation; 
 limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general preferences for local vendors; 
 operating in new, developing or other markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and regulations, including relating to contract and intellectual property rights; 
 limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or difficulties enforcing our intellectual property; 
 political instability, including any escalation in the geopolitical tensions between China and Taiwan, social unrest, terrorist activities, acts of civil or international hostility, such as the current military conflict and escalating tensions between Russia and Ukraine, natural disasters or regional or global outbreaks of contagious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and 
 adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash. 
 Our limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of operations will suffer. 
 Changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers, could limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers and certain markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The United States or foreign governments may take administrative, legislative or regulatory action that could materially interfere with our ability to sell our offerings in certain countries. For instance, there is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies, treaties, tariffs and taxes. If tariffs or other trade barriers are placed on offerings such as ours, this could have a direct or indirect adverse effect on our business. Even in the absence of tariffs or other trade barriers, the related uncertainty and the market's fears relating to international trade might result in lower demand for our offerings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future, our financial results, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected. 
 As we continue to expand our international operations, we become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Often, contracts executed by our foreign operations are denominated in the currency of that country or region and a portion of our revenue is therefore subject to foreign currency risks. However, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost of our subscription offerings and related services to our customers outside of the United States, adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. We incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of such expenses being higher. This could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. To date, we have not engaged in any hedging strategies and any such strategies, such as forward contracts, options and foreign exchange swaps related to transaction exposures that we may implement in the future to mitigate this risk may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in laws and regulations related to the internet or changes in the internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our software and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 The future success of our business and particularly our cloud offerings, such as MongoDB Atlas, depends upon the continued use of the internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication and business applications. Federal, state or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the internet as a commercial medium. Changes in these laws or regulations could require us to modify our software in order to comply with these changes. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may begin to impose taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the internet or commerce conducted via the internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of internet-related commerce or communications generally, resulting in reductions in the demand for internet-based solutions such as ours. 
 In addition, the use of the internet as a business tool could be adversely affected due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of internet activity, security, reliability, cost, ease of use, accessibility and quality of service. The performance of the internet and its acceptance as a business tool have been adversely affected by a variety of evolving data security threats and the internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure. If the use of the internet is adversely affected by these issues, demand for our subscription offerings and related services could suffer. 
 Our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements are subject to the tax laws of various jurisdictions and we could be obligated to pay additional taxes, which would harm our results of operations. 
 Based on our current corporate structure, we may be subject to taxation in several jurisdictions around the world with increasingly complex tax laws, the application of which can be uncertain. The amount of taxes we pay in these jurisdictions could increase substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents. The authorities in these jurisdictions could review our tax returns or require us to file tax returns in jurisdictions in which we are not currently filing and could impose additional tax, interest and penalties. In addition, the authorities could claim that various withholding requirements apply to us or our subsidiaries, assert that benefits of tax treaties are not available to us or our subsidiaries, or challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, including our transfer pricing. The relevant taxing authorities may determine that the manner in which we operate our business does not achieve the intended tax consequences. If such a disagreement was to occur and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes and interest and penalties. Any increase in the amount of taxes we pay or that are imposed on us could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our business and results of operations. 
 We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management s attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may choose to do so through the acquisition of businesses and technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. 
 The risks we face in connection with any acquisitions include: 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our results of operations because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by stockholders and third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; 
 we may not be able to realize anticipated synergies; 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company and we may experience increased customer churn with respect to the company acquired; 
 we may encounter challenges integrating the employees of the acquired company into our company culture; 
 for international transactions, we may face additional challenges related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages and the economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; 
 we may be unable to successfully sell any acquired products or increase adoption or usage of acquired products, or increase spend by acquired customers; 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions would limit other potential uses for our cash; 
 if we incur debt to fund any acquisitions, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, including financial maintenance covenants; and 
 if we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our non-marketable securities, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of our private investment portfolio could negatively impact our financial results. 
 We have non-marketable equity securities in privately-held companies. The financial success of our investments in any privately-held company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. In addition, valuations of privately-held companies are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data. 
 We record all fair value adjustments of our non-marketable securities through the consolidated statements of operations. As a result, we may experience additional volatility to our statements of operations due to the valuation and timing of observable price changes or impairments of our non-marketable securities. Our ability to mitigate this volatility in any given period may be impacted by our contractual obligations to hold securities for a set period of time. All of our investments, especially our non-marketable securities, are subject to a risk of a partial or total loss of investment capital. Changes in the fair value or partial or total loss of investment capital of these individual companies could be material to our financial statements and negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), the U.S. Travel Act, the U.K. Bribery Act (the Bribery Act and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in various jurisdictions around the world. The FCPA, Bribery Act and similar applicable laws generally prohibit companies, their officers, directors, employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents from making improper payments or providing other improper things of value to government officials or other persons. We and our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and other third parties where we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party business partners and intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, resellers and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. While we have policies and procedures and internal controls to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that all of our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. To the extent that we learn that any of our employees, third-party intermediaries, agents, or business partners do not adhere to our policies, procedures, or internal controls, we are committed to taking appropriate remedial action. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our directors, officers, 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 employees, third-party intermediaries, agents, or business partners have or may have violated such laws, we may be required to investigate or have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. Detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be extensive and require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from senior management. Any violation of the FCPA, Bribery Act, or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, fines and penalties or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results and prospects and financial condition. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), are subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. For example, SEC proposals on climate-related disclosures may require us to update our accounting or operational policies, processes, or systems to reflect new or amended financial reporting standards. Such changes may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements , of this Form 10-K. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements include those related to revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, the incremental borrowing rate related to our lease liabilities, stock-based compensation, fair value of the liability component of the convertible debt, fair value of common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants prior to the initial public offering, legal contingencies, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of acquired intangible assets and property and equipment and accounting for income taxes. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm issue an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could cause a decline in the price of our common stock and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 
 We may require additional capital to support our operations or the growth of our business and we cannot be certain that this capital will be available on reasonable terms when required, or at all. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or otherwise enhance our database software, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to secure additional capital through equity or debt financings. If we raise additional capital, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms that are satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired and our business may be harmed. 
 We are a multinational organization with a distributed workforce facing increasingly complex tax issues in many jurisdictions and we could be obligated to pay additional taxes in various jurisdictions. 
 As a multinational organization, we may be subject to taxation in several jurisdictions around the world with increasingly new and complex tax laws, the amount of taxes we pay in these jurisdictions could increase substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and operating results. Additionally, the rise of flexible work policies resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic is likely to continue to increase the complexity of our payroll tax practices and may lead to challenges with our payments to tax authorities. Furthermore, authorities in the many jurisdictions in which we operate or have employees could review our tax returns and impose additional tax, interest and penalties and the authorities could claim that various withholding requirements apply to us or our subsidiaries or assert that benefits of certain tax treaties are not available to us or our subsidiaries, any of which could have a material impact on us and the results of our operations. 
 The enactment of legislation implementing changes in U.S. taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 Changes to U.S. tax laws, including limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits and the deferral of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the United States are repatriated to the United States, as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could impact the tax treatment of our foreign earnings. Due to the 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 expansion of our international business activities, any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities may impact our evidence supporting a full valuation allowance or increase our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 Potential tax reform globally and in the United States may result in significant changes to U.S. federal income taxation law, including changes to the U.S. federal income taxation of corporations (including ours) and/or changes to the U.S. federal income taxation of stockholders in U.S. corporations, including investors in our common stock. For example, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Act was enacted on December 22, 2017 and significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax law. Additional significant changes to U.S. federal corporate tax law were made by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, and the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act IRA ). The Company has determined that it is not currently subject to the tax effects of the IRA, which includes a corporate alternative minimum tax and an excise tax on stock buybacks. In addition, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ), has issued guidelines that change long-standing tax principles and may introduce tax uncertainty as countries amend their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the guidelines. In December 2022, the European Union EU reached unanimous agreement, in principle, to implement the global minimum tax. EU members will be required to institute local laws in 2023, which are intended to be effective for tax years beginning after 2023. Additional changes to global tax laws are likely to occur, and such changes may adversely affect our tax liability. 
 We continue to monitor the progression of new global and U.S. legislation impact on our effective tax rate. We are currently unable to predict whether any future changes will occur and, if so, the impact of such changes, including on the U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had net operating loss NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal and state, Irish and U.K. income tax purposes. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize these NOLs before they expire. In general, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (as defined under Section 382 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We may experience a future ownership change under Section 382 of the Code that could affect our ability to utilize the NOLs to offset our income. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to reduce future income tax liabilities, including for state tax purposes. 
 For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We do not collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales and we believe that such taxes are not applicable to our products and services in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest, to us or our end-customers for the past amounts and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes from our end-customers, we could be held liable for such costs. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest, or future requirements may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
 Our offerings are subject to U.S. export controls and we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our offerings. These encryption offerings and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license. 
 Furthermore, our activities are subject to the economic sanctions laws and regulations by the U.S. and other jurisdictions that prohibit the shipment of certain products and services without the required export authorizations or export to 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 countries, governments and persons targeted by the sanctions. While we take precautions to prevent our offerings from being exported in violation of these laws, including obtaining authorizations for our encryption offerings, implementing IP address blocking and screenings against U.S. Government and international lists of restricted and prohibited persons, we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws. 
 We also note that if our channel partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as well as other negative consequences including government investigations and penalties. We presently incorporate export control compliance requirements in our channel partner agreements. Complying with export control and sanctions regulations for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. 
 If we fail to comply with U.S. and other sanctions and export control laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges, fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. 
 Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import, export and sale of certain encryption and other technology, including permitting and licensing requirements and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our offerings or could limit our customers ability to implement our offerings in those countries. Changes in our offerings or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our offerings in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our offerings globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our offerings to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our offerings by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our offerings to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our offerings or limitation on our ability to export or sell our offerings would likely adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods, pandemics and public health emergencies and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as power disruptions,security breaches or other security incidents, or terrorism. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we have customers in over 100 countries and employees in over 25 countries. A significant natural disaster or man-made problem, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, an act of terrorism, the regional or global outbreak of a contagious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other catastrophic event occurring in any of these locations, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, if a natural disaster or man-made problem were to affect data centers used by our cloud infrastructure service providers this could adversely affect the ability of our customers to use our products. In addition, natural disasters, regional or global outbreaks of contagious diseases and acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our or our customers businesses, national economies or the world economy as a whole. Moreover, these types of events could negatively impact consumer and business spending in the impacted regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could adversely impact our operating results. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the precautionary measures that we, our customers, and the governmental authorities adopted resulted in operational challenges, including, among other things, adapting to new work-from-home arrangements. More generally, a catastrophic event could adversely affect economies and financial markets globally and lead to an economic downturn, which could decrease technology spending and adversely affect demand for our products and services. Any prolonged economic downturn or a recession could materially harm our business and operating results and those of our customers, could result in business closures, layoffs, or furloughs of, or reductions in the number of hours worked by, our and our customer's employees, and a significant increase in unemployment in the United States and elsewhere. Such events may also lead to a reduction in the capital and operating budgets that we or our customers have available, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. As we experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, the trading prices for our and other technology companies' common stock may be highly volatile as a result of a catastrophic event, which may reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all. In the event of a major disruption caused by a natural disaster or man-made problem, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our development activities, lengthy interruptions in service, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, data security threats have become more prevalent, we face increased risk from these activities to maintain the performance, reliability, security and availability of our subscription offerings and related services and technical 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 infrastructure to the satisfaction of our customers, which may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. 
 To the extent any of the above or similar events occur and adversely affect our business and results of operations, such event may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Risk Factors section which may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social, and governance activities and disclosures . 
 We are in the process of developing our sustainability initiatives. The implementation of such initiatives may require considerable investment and if these initiatives are not perceived to be adequate, or if the positions we take (or choose not to take) on social and ethical issues are unpopular with some of our employees, partners, or with our customers or potential customers, our reputation could be harmed, which could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain employees, partners or customers. 
 In addition, there is an increasing focus from regulators, certain investors and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, both in the United States and internationally. We communicate certain ESG-related initiatives and goals regarding environmental matters, diversity and other matters in our annually released Corporate Sustainability Report, on our website and elsewhere. Any of our current or future initiatives, goals and commitments could be difficult to achieve and costly to implement. We could fail to achieve, or be perceived to fail to achieve, our ESG-related initiatives, goals and commitments. In addition, we could be criticized for the timing, scope or nature of these initiatives, goals and commitments, or for any revisions to them. 
 Additionally, there can be no assurance that our reporting frameworks and principles will be in compliance with any new environmental and social laws and regulations that may be promulgated in the United States and elsewhere, and the costs of changing any of our current practices to comply with any new legal and regulatory requirements in the United States and elsewhere may be substantial. Furthermore, industry and market practices may further develop to become even more robust than what is required under any new laws and regulations, and we may have to expend significant efforts and resources to keep up with market trends and stay competitive among our peers. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile, which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 Technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. The trading price of our common has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 
 actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 whether our results of operations meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 announcements of new products or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors; 
 changes in how customers perceive the benefits of our product and future product offerings and releases; 
 departures of key personnel; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; 
 sales of large blocks of our common stock; 
 changes in actual or future expectations of investors or securities analysts; 
 significant data breach involving our software; 
 litigation involving us, our industry, or both; 
 regulatory developments in the United States, foreign countries or both; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 general economic conditions and trends; 
 major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets; and 
 flash crashes, freeze flashes or other glitches that disrupt trading on the securities exchange on which we are listed. 
 In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, results of operations or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. In the past, following periods of volatility in the trading price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. If our stock price is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources from our business. This could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause our stock price to decline. 
 We release earnings guidance in our quarterly and annual earnings conference calls, quarterly and annual earnings releases, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance includes forward-looking statements based on projections prepared by our management. Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies on our business, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. Some of those key assumptions relate to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the macroeconomic environment, including inflation and interest rates, which are inherently difficult to predict. We intend to state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to imply that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. Furthermore, analysts and investors may develop and publish their own projections of our business, which may form a consensus about our future performance. Our actual business results may vary significantly from such guidance or that consensus due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including due to the global economic uncertainty and financial market conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing geopolitical instability resulting from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about economic stability, any of which or combination thereof could materially and adversely affect our business and future operating results. Furthermore, if we make downward revisions of our previously announced guidance, if we withdraw our previously announced guidance, or if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our common stock would decline. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results may vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 
 Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this Risk Factors section in this report could result in the actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in companies, products or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, investors in our common stock may only receive a return if the market price of our common stock increases. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management's attention and affect our ability to attract and retain additional executive management and qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and their application in practice may evolve over time as regulatory and governing bodies issue revisions to, or new interpretations of, these public company requirements. Such changes could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher legal and financial costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We will continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Being a public company under these rules and regulations has made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and in the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers or members of our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on our audit and compensation committees. 
 As a result of the disclosures within our filings with the SEC, information about our business and our financial condition is available to competitors and other third parties, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 the Securities Act. These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs, and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions. 
 Delaware law and our corporate charter and bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: 
 a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the exclusive right of our Board of Directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our Board of Directors, the chairperson of our Board of Directors or our chief executive officer, which limitations could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to the management of our business (including our classified board structure) or certain provisions of our amended and restated bylaws, which may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to amend our bylaws, which may allow our Board of Directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend our bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a specified period of time. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 In addition, we have options outstanding that, if fully exercised, would result in the issuance of shares of our common stock. We also have restricted stock units RSUs outstanding that, if vested and settled, would result in the issuance of shares of common stock. All of the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of RSUs and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, are registered for public resale under the Securities Act. Accordingly, these shares will be able to be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to applicable vesting requirements. 
 Furthermore, a substantial number of shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the 2026 Notes (as defined below). If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation on the 2026 Notes solely in shares of our common stock upon conversion of the 2026 Notes, we will be required to deliver shares of our common stock, together with cash for any fractional share. 
 Risks Related to our Outstanding Notes 
 We have incurred a significant amount of debt and may in the future incur additional indebtedness. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to make payments on our substantial debt when due. 
 In June and July 2018, we issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.75 convertible senior notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes ), which were redeemed on December 3, 2021, in a private placement and in January 2020, we issued 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of 0.25 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and, together with the 2024 Notes, the Notes in a private placement and concurrently repurchased for cash approximately 210.0 million of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes. 
 We may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the 2026 Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Such payments will reduce the funds available to us for working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, expansion plans and other investments, which may in turn limit our ability to implement our business strategy, heighten our vulnerability to downturns in our business, the industry, or in the general economy, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry and prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise. Our business may not be able to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 In addition, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our future debt agreements, some of which may be secured debt. We are not restricted under the terms of the indentures governing the 2026 Notes, from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt, repurchasing our stock, pledging our assets, making investments, paying dividends, guaranteeing debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the indenture governing the Notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Notes when due. Additionally, weakness and volatility in capital markets and the economy, in general or as a result of macroeconomic conditions such as rising inflation, could limit our access to capital markets and increase our costs of borrowing. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes is triggered, holders of the 2026 Notes will be entitled to convert their 2026 Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. We also may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time the 2026 Notes mature. Our failure to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 2026 Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture for the 2026 Notes. In addition, even if holders of 2026 Notes do not elect to convert their 2026 Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2026 Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes was not triggered during the three months ended January 31, 2023, as the last reported sale price of our common stock was not more than or equal to 130 of the applicable conversion price for each series of Notes for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on January 31, 2023 (the last trading day of the fiscal quarter). Therefore, the 2026 Notes are not convertible at the option of the holders thereof, in whole or in part, from February 1, 2023 through April 30, 2023. Whether the 2026 Notes will be convertible following such fiscal quarter will depend on the continued satisfaction of this condition or another conversion condition in the future. 
 The capped call transactions may affect the value of the 2026 Notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2026 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain counterparties. The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock initially underlying the 2026 Notes. The capped call transactions are expected to offset the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Notes. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the counterparties or their respective affiliates entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the 2026 Notes, including with certain investors in the 2026 Notes. 
 The counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2026 Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date of the capped call transactions, which are scheduled to occur during the observation period relating to any conversion of the 2026 Notes on or after October 15, 2025), or following any termination of any portion of the capped call transactions in connection with any repurchase, redemption or early conversions of the 2026 Notes or otherwise. This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of shares of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our current principal executive office is located in New York, New York and, as of January 31, 2023, consists of approximately 106,230 square feet of space under a lease that expires in December 2029. 
 We lease 45 other offices around the world for our employees, including in Dublin, Gurgaon, Palo Alto, Sydney and Austin. 
 We lease all of our facilities and do not own any real property. We intend to procure additional space in the future as we continue to add employees and expand geographically. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required to be set forth under this Item 3 is incorporated by reference to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Market (the Nasdaq under the symbol MDB. Prior to June 11, 2020, we had two classes of common stock, Class A and Class B. Our Class B Common Stock was not listed or traded on any exchange, but each share of Class B common stock was convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. On June 11, 2020, all outstanding shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.001 per share, automatically converted into the same number of shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share, pursuant to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. No additional shares of Class B common stock will be issued following such conversion. Refer to Note 9, Stockholders Equity (Deficit) , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements, of this Form 10-K for a discussion of our conversion of Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 15, 2023, there were 48 stockholders of record of our common stock and the closing price of our common stock was 212.13 per share as reported on the Nasdaq. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not anticipate declaring or paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends present in any debt agreements and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 There were no repurchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph below shows a comparison, from January 31, 2018 through January 31, 2023, of the cumulative total return to stockholders of our common stock relative to the Nasdaq Composite Index Nasdaq Composite and the Nasdaq Computer Index Nasdaq Computer ). 
 The graph assumes that 100 was invested in each of our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite and the Nasdaq Computer at their respective closing prices on January 31, 2018 and assumes reinvestment of gross dividends. The stock price performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future stock price performance. 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of MongoDB, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K. All information presented herein is based on our fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to our fiscal years ended January 31 and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. 
 
 Overview 
 MongoDB is the developer data platform company whose mission is to empower developers to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. The foundation of our offering is the world s leading, modern general purpose database. Organizations can deploy our database at scale in the cloud, on-premises, or in a hybrid environment. Built on our unique document-based architecture, our database is designed to meet the needs of organizations for performance, scalability, flexibility and reliability while maintaining the strengths of relational databases. In addition to the database, our developer data platform includes a set of, tightly integrated, capabilities such as search, time series and application-driven analytics that allow developers to address a broader range of application requirements. Our business model combines the developer mindshare and adoption benefits of open source with the economic benefits of a proprietary software subscription business model. 
 We generate revenue primarily from sales of subscriptions, which accounted for 96 of our total revenue for the each of the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 MongoDB Atlas is our hosted multi-cloud database-as-a-service DBaaS offering, which we run and manage in the cloud, and includes comprehensive infrastructure and management, as well as a host of additional features, such as MongoDB Atlas Search. During the year ended January 31, 2023, MongoDB Atlas revenue represented 63 of our total revenue, as compared to 56 in the prior year, reflecting the continued growth of MongoDB Atlas since its introduction in June 2016. We have experienced strong growth in self-serve customers of MongoDB Atlas. These customers are charged monthly in arrears based on their usage. In addition, we have also seen growth in MongoDB Atlas customers sold by our sales force. These customers typically sign annual contracts and pay in advance or are invoiced monthly in arrears based on usage. 
 MongoDB Enterprise Advanced is our proprietary commercial database server offering for enterprise customers that can run in the cloud, on-premises or in a hybrid environment . MongoDB Enterprise Advanced revenue represented 29 , 35 and 44 of our subscription revenue for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We sell subscriptions directly through our field and inside sales teams, as well as indirectly through channel partners. The majority of our subscription contracts are one year in duration and are invoiced upfront. When we enter into multi-year subscriptions, the customer is typically invoiced on an annual basis or pays upfront. 
 Many of our enterprise customers initially get to know our software by using Community Server, which is our free-to-download version of our database that includes the core functionality developers need to get started with MongoDB without all the features of our commercial platform. Our platform has been downloaded from our website more than 365 million times since February 2009 and over 125 million times in the last 12 months alone. We also offer a free tier of MongoDB Atlas, which provides access to our hosted database solution with limited processing power and storage, as well as certain operational limitations. As a result, with the availability of both Community Server and MongoDB Atlas free tier offerings, our direct sales prospects are often familiar with our platform and may have already built applications using our technology. A core component of our growth strategy for MongoDB Atlas and MongoDB Enterprise Advanced is to convert developers and their organizations who are already using Community Server or the free tier of MongoDB Atlas to become customers of our commercial products and enjoy the benefits of either a self-managed or hosted offering. 
 We also generate revenue from services, which consist primarily of fees associated with consulting and training services. Revenue from services accounted for 4 of our total revenue for each of the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect to continue to invest in our services organization as we believe it plays an important role in accelerating our customers realization of the benefits of our platform, which helps drive customer retention and expansion. 
 We believe the market for our offerings is large and growing. We have experienced rapid growth and have made substantial investments in developing our platform and expanding our sales and marketing footprint. We intend to continue to invest to grow our business to take advantage of our market opportunity. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Macroeconomic and Other Factors 
 Our operational and financial performance is subject to risks including those caused by the adverse macroeconomic environment and the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Adverse macroeconomic conditions include slower or negative economic growth, higher inflation and higher interest rates. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the macroeconomic environment negatively impacted our business. For instance, we experienced slower than historical growth rates for our existing MongoDB Atlas applications. While the impact of these macroeconomic conditions on our business, results of operations and financial position remain uncertain over the long term, we expect to experience macroeconomic headwinds on growth rate for our existing MongoDB Atlas applications in the short term. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, we adopted several measures to protect our employees, maintain operations and support our customers globally. Such measures included temporarily requiring employees to work remotely, suspending non-essential travel, and replacing in-person marketing events with virtual events. As conditions improved, we began to re-open our offices in the United States and certain other locations globally for employees to voluntarily return. In April 2022, we moved forward with our return to office plan, which encompasses a hybrid approach to in-office attendance based on the different needs of teams across the Company. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future operational and financial performance is dependent on a number of factors outside of our control and is difficult to predict. 
 We continue to monitor the developments of the COVID-19 pandemic, the macroeconomic environment, the geopolitical landscape and, recently, the challenges in the banking industry. As these factors develop and we evaluate their impact on our business, we may adjust our business practices accordingly. For further discussion of the potential impacts of these factors on our business, operating results, and financial condition, see the section titled Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. Other factors affecting our performance are discussed below, although we caution you that the COVID-19 pandemic may also impact these factors. 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Extending Product Leadership and Maintaining Developer Mindshare 
 We are committed to delivering market-leading products to continue to build and maintain credibility with the global software developer community. We believe we must maintain our product leadership position and the strength of our brand to drive further revenue growth. We intend to continue to invest in our product offerings with the goal of expanding the functionality and adoption of our developer data platform. During 2021, we improved the ease of use of our platform by introducing innovation that facilitates data partitioning and expanded the breadth of functionality of our platform by introducing native time series support across our platform. During 2022, we continued to build on these improvements and further extended our offering. The new features, capabilities and improvements such as column store indexes, in-app analytics, Atlas Serverless, Atlas Device Sync, allow developer teams to accomplish more over a wider range of workloads while preserving a consistent developer experience and optimizing for modern application architectures. And with Queryable Encryption, we introduced the industry s first encrypted search scheme using breakthrough cryptography engineering. 
 We intend to continue to invest in our engineering capabilities and marketing activities to maintain our strong position in the developer community. We have spent 1.4 billion on research and development since our inception. Our results of operations may fluctuate as we make these investments to drive increased customer adoption and usage. 
 Growing Our Customer B ase and Expanding Our Global Reach 
 We are intensely focused on continuing to grow our customer base. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, in our sales and marketing efforts and developer community outreach, which are critical to driving customer acquisition. As of January 31, 2023, we had over 40,800 customers across a wide range of industries and in over 100 countries, compared to over 33,000 customers and over 24,800 customers as of January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All affiliated entities are counted as a single customer and our definition of customer excludes users of our free offerings . 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had over 6,400 cus tomers that were sold through our direct sales force and channel partners, as compared to over 4,400 and over 3,000 such customers as of January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These customers, which we refer to as our Direct Sales Customers, accounted for 87 , 85 and 82 of our subscription revenue for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The percentage of our subscription revenue from Direct 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Customers increased, in part, due to existing self-serve customers of MongoDB Atlas becoming Direct Sales Customers. We are also focused on increasing the number of overall MongoDB Atlas customers as we emphasize the on-demand scalability of MongoDB Atlas by allowing our customers to consume the product with minimal commitment. We had over 39,300 Mo ngoDB Atlas customers as of January 31, 2023 . The growth in MongoDB Atlas customers included new customers to MongoDB and existing MongoDB Enterprise Advanced customers adding incremental MongoDB Atlas workloads. 
 Retaining and Expanding Revenue from Existing Customers 
 The economic attractiveness of our subscription-based model is driven by customer renewals and increasing existing customer subscriptions over time, referred to as land-and-expand. We believe that there is a significant opportunity to drive additional sales to existing customers and expect to invest in sales and marketing and customer success personnel and activities to achieve additional revenue growth from existing customers. If an application grows and requires additional capacity, our customers increase their usage of our platform. Growth of an application is impacted by a number of factors including the macroeconomic environment. During the year ended January 31, 2023, we experienced a negative impact from the macroeconomic environment on the growth of existing Atlas applications, which affected our revenue growth. We expect the macroeconomic environment to continue to negatively impact our revenue growth. In addition, our customers add incremental workloads or expand their subscriptions to our platform as they migrate additional existing applications or build new applications, either within the same department or in other lines of business or geographies. Also, as customers modernize their information technology infrastructure and move to the cloud, they may migrate applications from legacy databases. Our goal is to increase the number of customers that standardize on our platform within their organization, as well as add new workloads with new and existing customers. Over time, the subscription amount for our typical Direct Sales Customer has increased. 
 We calculate annualized recurring revenue ARR and annualized monthly recurring revenue MRR to help us measure our subscription revenue performance. ARR includes the revenue we expect to receive from our customers over the following 12 months based on contractual commitments and, in the case of Direct Sales Customers of MongoDB Atlas, by annualizing the prior 90 days of their actual usage of MongoDB Atlas, assuming no increases or reductions in their subscriptions or usage. For all other customers of our self-serve products, we calculate annualized MRR by annualizing the prior 30 days of their actual usage of such products, assuming no increases or reductions in usage. ARR and annualized MRR exclude professional services. The number of customers with 100,000 or greater in ARR and annualized MRR was 1,651, 1,307 and 975 as of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our ability to increase sales to existing customers will depend on a number of factors, including customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and services, competition, pricing, economic conditions or overall changes in our customers spending levels. 
 We also examine the rate at which our customers increase their spend with us, which we call net ARR expansion rate. We calculate net ARR expansion rate by dividing the ARR at the close of a given period (the measurement period ), from customers who were also customers at the close of the same period in the prior year (the base period ), by the ARR from all customers at the close of the base period, including those who churned or reduced their subscriptions. For Direct Sales Customers included in the base period, measurement period or both such periods that were self-serve customers in any such period, we also include annualized MRR from those customers in the calculation of the net ARR expansion rate. Our net ARR expansion rate has consistently been over 120 , demonstrating our ability to expand within existing customers. 
 Our ability to increase sales to existing customers will depend on a number of factors, including customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and services, competition, pricing, economic conditions or overall changes in our customers spending levels. 
 Investing in Growth and Scaling Our Business 
 We are focused on our long-term revenue potential. We believe that our market opportunity is large and we will continue to invest in scaling across all organizational functions in order to grow our operations both domestically and internationally. Any investments we make in our sales and marketing organization will occur in advance of experiencing the benefits from such investments, so it may be difficult for us to determine if we are efficiently allocating resources in those areas. We have increased our sales and marketing headcount to 2,249 employees as of January 31, 2023 from 1,713 employees and 1,171 employees as of January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Subscription Revenue. Our subscription revenue is comprised of term licenses and hosted as-a-service solutions. Revenue from our MongoDB Atlas offering is primarily generated on a usage basis and is billed either monthly in arrears or paid upfront. Subscriptions to term licenses include technical support and access to new software versions on a when-and-if available basis. Revenue from our term licenses is recognized upfront for the license component and ratably for the technical support and when-and-if available update components. Associated contracts are typically billed annually in advance. The majority of our subscription contracts are one year in duration. When we enter into multi-year subscriptions, the customer is typically invoiced on an annual basis or pays upfront. Our subscription contracts are generally non-cancelable and non-refundable. 
 Services Revenue. Services revenue is comprised of consulting and training services and is recognized over the period of delivery of the applicable services. We recognize revenue from services agreements as services are delivered. 
 We expect our revenue may vary from period to period based on, among other things, the timing and size of new subscriptions, customer usage patterns, the proportion of term license contracts that commence within the period, the rate of customer renewals and expansions, delivery of professional services, the impact of significant transactions and seasonality of or fluctuations in usage from our MongoDB Atlas customers. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of Subscription Revenue. Cost of subscription revenue primarily includes third-party cloud infrastructure expenses for our hosted as-a-service solutions. We expect our cost of subscription revenue to increase in absolute dollars as our subscription revenue increases and, depending on the results of MongoDB Atlas, our cost of subscription revenue may increase as a percentage of subscription revenue as well. Cost of subscription revenue also includes personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses and benefits and stock-based compensation, for employees associated with our subscription arrangements principally related to technical support and allocated shared costs, as well as depreciation and amortization. 
 Cost of Services Revenue. Cost of services revenue primarily includes personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses and benefits, and stock-based compensation, for employees associated with our professional service contracts, as well as, travel costs, allocated shared costs and depreciation and amortization. We expect our cost of services revenue to increase in absolute dollars as our services revenue increases. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit represents revenue less cost of revenue. 
 Gross Margin. Gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the average sales price of our products and services, the mix of products sold, transaction volume growth and the mix of revenue between subscriptions and services. We expect our gross margin to fluctuate over time depending on the factors described above and, to the extent MongoDB Atlas revenue increases as a percentage of total revenue, our gross margin may decline as a result of the associated hosting costs of MongoDB Atlas. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of each category of operating expenses. Operating expenses also include travel and related costs and allocated overhead costs for facilities, information technology and employee benefit costs. 
 Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, sales commission and benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation. These expenses also include costs related to marketing programs, travel-related expenses and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, and brand-building and developer-community activities. We expect our sales and marketing expense to increase in absolute dollars over time as we expand our sales force and increase our marketing resources, expand into new markets and further develop our self-serve and partner channels. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses and benefits, and stock-based compensation. It also includes amortization associated with intangible acquired assets and allocated overhead. We expect our research and development expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars, as we continue to invest in our developer data platform and develop new products. 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses and benefits, and stock-based compensation for administrative functions including finance, legal, human resources and external legal and accounting fees, as well as allocated overhead. We expect general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars over time as we continue to invest in the growth of our business, as well as incur the ongoing costs of compliance associated with being a publicly traded company. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income, interest expense, gains and losses on investments and gains and losses from foreign currency transactions. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of state income taxes in the United States and income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. As of January 31, 2023, we had net operating loss NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal and state, Irish and U.K. income tax purposes of approximately 1.9 billion, 1.8 billion, 697.2 million and 42.9 million, respectively, which begin to expire in the year ending January 31, 2028 for U.S. federal purposes and January 31, 2024 for state purposes. Operating losses in the United States, for years after January 31, 2019, in Ireland and the U.K. may be carried forward indefinitely. The deferred tax assets associated with the NOL carryforwards in each of these jurisdictions are subject to a full valuation allowance. Under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ), a corporation that experiences an ownership change is subject to a limitation on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We also have U.S. federal and state research credit carryforwards of 94.1 million and 8.9 million, respectively, which begin to expire in the year ending January 31, 2029 for federal purposes and January 31, 2025 for state purposes. Beginning in fiscal year 2023, provisions in the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 require the Company to capitalize and amortize research and development R D expenditures rather than deducting the costs as incurred. As the result of the new R D capitalization effective in fiscal year 2023, the capitalized amounts resulted in a decrease of the current year net operating loss. Capitalized R D expenditures are deductible as amortized in future periods. Therefore, the Company recorded a deferred tax asset for the capitalized R D expenditures. 
 Utilization of the federal NOL carryforwards and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Code, as amended and similar state provisions. The annual limitation, should we undergo an ownership change, may result in the expiration of U.S. federal or state net operating losses and credits before utilization; however we do not expect any such limitation to be material. 
 Highlights for the Years Ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 For the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, our total revenue was 1,284.0 million , 873.8 million and 590.4 million, respectively. The increase in total revenue was primarily driven by an increase in subscription revenue from our Direct Sales Customers . Our net loss was 345.4 million, 306.9 million and 266.9 million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively , driven primarily by higher sales and marketing spend and research and development costs . Our operating cash flow was (13.0) million, 7.0 million and (42.7) million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented in U.S. dollars (in thousands) and as a percentage of our total revenue. Percentage of revenue figures are rounded and therefore may not subtotal exactly. 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 
 Revenue: 
 Subscription 
 1,235,122 842,047 565,349 Services 
 48,918 31,735 25,031 Total revenue 
 1,284,040 873,782 590,380 Cost of revenue: 
 Subscription (1) 
 284,583 217,901 145,280 Services (1) 
 64,721 41,591 31,796 Total cost of revenue 
 349,304 259,492 177,076 Gross profit 934,736 614,290 413,304 Operating expenses: 
 Sales and marketing (1) 
 699,201 471,890 325,100 Research and development (1) 
 421,692 308,820 205,161 General and administrative (1) 
 160,498 122,944 92,347 Total operating expenses 
 1,281,391 903,654 622,608 Loss from operations 
 (346,655) (289,364) (209,304) Other income (expense), net 
 13,401 (13,525) (53,389) Loss before provision for income taxes (333,254) (302,889) (262,693) Provision for income taxes 12,144 3,977 4,251 Net loss (345,398) (306,866) (266,944) 
 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Cost of revenue subscription 
 19,682 14,387 8,970 Cost of revenue services 
 10,565 6,325 4,953 Sales and marketing 
 143,073 91,947 54,632 Research and development 
 159,099 104,335 57,611 General and administrative 
 49,035 34,075 23,147 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 381,454 251,069 149,313 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Percentage of Revenue Data: 
 Revenue: 
 Subscription 
 96 96 96 Services 
 4 4 4 Total revenue 
 100 100 100 Cost of revenue: 
 Subscription 
 22 25 25 Services 
 5 5 5 Total cost of revenue 
 27 30 30 Gross profit 
 73 70 70 Operating expenses: 
 Sales and marketing 
 54 54 55 Research and development 
 33 35 35 General and administrative 
 13 14 15 Total operating expenses 
 100 103 105 Loss from operations 
 (27) (33) (35) Other income (expense), net 1 (1) (9) Loss before provision for income taxes (26) (34) (44) Provision for income taxes 1 1 1 Net loss (27) (35) (45) 

Comparison of the Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Revenue 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 Subscription 
 1,235,122 842,047 393,075 47 Services 
 48,918 31,735 17,183 54 Total revenue 
 1,284,040 873,782 410,258 47 
 Total revenue growth reflects increased demand for our platform and related services. Subscription revenue increased by 393.1 million primarily due to an increase of 360.5 million from our Direct Sales Customers, inclusive of the impact from Direct Sales Customers who were self-serve customers of MongoDB Atlas in the prior-year period. The increase in services revenue was driven primarily by the continued increase in delivery of consulting services. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin Percentage 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 Subscription cost of revenue 
 284,583 217,901 66,682 31 Services cost of revenue 
 64,721 41,591 23,130 56 Total cost of revenue 
 349,304 259,492 89,812 35 Gross profit 
 934,736 614,290 320,446 52 Gross margin 
 73 70 Subscription 
 77 74 Services 
 (32) (31) 
 The increase in subscription cost of revenue was primarily due to a 50.9 million increase in third party cloud infrastructure costs, including costs associated with the growth of MongoDB Atlas. The increase in third-party infrastructure costs was partly offset by continued cost efficiencies realized as we scale MongoDB Atlas. In addition, subscription cost of revenue was higher due to a 11.5 million increase in personnel costs and stock-based compensation associated with increased headcount in our support organization. The increase in services cost of revenue was primarily due to a 15.8 million increase in personnel costs and stock-based compensation associated with increased headcount in our services organization, and a 4.1 million increase in costs driven by an increase in the volume of consulting and training services. Total headcount in our support and services organizations increased 38 from January 31, 2022 to January 31, 2023. 
 Our overall gross margin improved to 73 . Our subscription gross margin increased to 77 as efficiencies realized in managing our third-party cloud infrastructure costs more than offset the negative margin impact from the increasing percentage of revenue from MongoDB Atlas. The impact of higher services personnel costs and stock-based compensation and lower utilization rate resulted in negative services gross margin. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 699,201 471,890 227,311 48 
 The increase in sales and marketing expense included 140.8 million from higher personnel costs and stock-based compensation, driven by an increase in our sales and marketing headcount to 2,249 as of January 31, 2023 from 1,713 as of January 31, 2022, which includes non-quota-carrying hires in sales operations, customer success and marketing. Sales and marketing expense also increased 69.8 million from costs associated with our higher headcount, including higher commissions expense, higher travel costs and higher computer hardware and software expenses. Travel costs increased also due to the easing of restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, sales and marketing expenses increased by 10.2 million due to increased spending on marketing programs including the return to in-person attendance for our MongoDB World event. 
 Research and Development 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 Research and development 
 421,692 308,820 112,872 37 
 The increase in research and development expense was primarily driven by a 97.8 million increase in personnel costs and stock-based compensation as we increased our research and development headcount by 19 . Research and development expense also increased due to higher computer hardware and software expenses, increased third-party infrastructure costs and higher travel costs driven by higher headcount. Travel costs increased also due to the easing of restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 General and administrative 
 160,498 122,944 37,554 31 
 The increase in general and administrative expense was due to higher costs to support the growth of our business and to maintain compliance as a public company. In particular, these higher costs were driven by an increase in general and administrative personnel headcount resulting in 31.5 million higher personnel costs and stock-based compensation. In addition, general and administrative expense increased due to higher professional services fees, higher office-related expenses driven by higher headcount, and higher travel costs. The increase in travel costs was primarily driven by higher headcount and the easing of restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 Other income (expense), net 13,401 (13,525) 26,926 (199) 
 Other income (expense), net, for the year ended January 31, 2023 improved primarily due to higher interest income from our short-term investments, unrealized gains related to our non-marketable securities, as well as lower interest expense following the redemption of convertible securities. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 Change 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 2022 
 
 Provision for income taxes 12,144 3,977 8,167 205 
 The increase in the provision for income taxes during the year ended January 31, 2023 was primarily due to an increase in foreign taxes as the Company continued its global expansion. In addition, the overall provision for income taxes for the year ended January 31, 2022 includes a reduction in the valuation allowance as a result of goodwill from an immaterial business combination and the impact from the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended January 31, 2022 and 2021 
 For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended January 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended January 31, 2021, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of January 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash totaling 1.8 billion. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of bank deposits and money market funds. Our short-term investments consist of U.S. government treasury securities and our restricted cash represents collateral for our available credit on corporate credit cards. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operating and capital needs for at least the next 12 months. 
 On June 29, 2021, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell 2,500,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at an offering price of 365.00 per share. We received net proceeds of 889.2 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 22.7 million and offering expenses of 0.6 million. Offering expenses included legal, accounting and other fees. 
 On October 1, 2021, we issued a notice of redemption (the Redemption Notice for the aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 2024 Notes. We satisfied our conversion obligations with respect to conversions occurring after the date of 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 the Redemption Notice and prior to December 3, 2021 (the Redemption Date by delivering shares of common stock, plus cash in lieu of any resulting fractional shares (physical settlement). Pursuant to the Redemption Notice, on the Redemption Date, we redeemed the outstanding principal of the 2024 Notes that were not converted prior to such date at a redemption price in cash equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Approximately 1.9 million aggregate principal amount outstanding as of October 31, 2021 were converted to 27,377 shares of the Company s common stock with the remaining balance settled in cash. The extinguishment of the 2024 Notes on December 3, 2021 was immaterial to our financial statements. For further discussion on the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes, please refer to Note 6, Convertible Senior Notes , in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K. 
 We have generated significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit and historical consolidated statements of cash flows. As of January 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.5 billion. We expect to continue to incur operating losses, may continue to experience negative cash flows from operations in the future and may require additional capital resources to execute strategic initiatives to grow our business. Our future capital requirements and adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including our growth rate and any impact on it from global macroeconomic conditions, including rising interest rates and inflation, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing and international operation activities, the timing and size of new subscription introductions and customer usage of our developer data platform, the continuing market acceptance of our subscriptions and services and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business, financial condition and results of operations. As the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic conditions on the global economy and our operations continues to evolve, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, including intellectual property rights. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Years Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (12,970) 6,980 (42,673) Net cash used in investing activities (33,308) (852,142) (262,656) Net cash provided by financing activities 30,200 890,892 27,581 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities during the year ended January 31, 2023 was 13.0 million. This was primarily driven by our net loss of 345.4 million, which included non cash charges of 381.5 million for stock based compensation and 16.1 million for depreciation and amortization. The continuing growth of our sales and our expanding customer base led to an increase in accounts receivable of 91.5 million and deferred commissions of 49.1 million. In addition, accrued liabilities decreased by 16.2 million reflecting lower expenses and timing of payments. These were partly offset by our cash collections, which increased our deferred revenue by 85.8 million. 
 Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended January 31, 2022 was 7.0 million. Our net loss of 306.9 million included non cash charges of 251.1 million for stock based compensation, 13.7 million for depreciation and amortization, 10.8 million for lease-related charges, 7.5 million for accretion of discount on our short-term investments and 4.0 million for debt issuance costs. In addition, our accrued and other non-current liabilities increased to 63.0 million, driven mainly by increased bonuses and related payroll taxes and higher commissions. The continuing growth of our sales and our expanding customer base led to an increase in deferred revenue of 137.2 million, offset by an increase in deferred commissions of 84.7 million and an increase in accounts receivable of 62.3 million. Cash provided by operating activities was negatively impacted by higher prepaid and other current assets of 19.9 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities during the during the year ended January 31, 2023 was 33.3 million, primarily due to purchases of marketable securities, net of proceeds from maturities, of 23.0 million, 7.2 million of cash used for purchases of property and equipment and 3.1 million of additional investment in non-marketable securities. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Cash used in investing activities during the year ended January 31, 2022 was 852.1 million, primarily due to cash used to purchase marketable securities, net of maturities, of 835.3 million, as a result of the increased cash balance following our June 2021 equity offering, 4.5 million of net cash used for an immaterial acquisition and 4.3 million of cash to purchase non-marketable securities. In addition, we used 8.1 million of cash to purchase property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended January 31, 2023 was 30.2 million, due to 29.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 5.7 million exercises of stock options, partly offset by 4.5 million of principal repayments of finance leases. 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended January 31, 2022 was 890.9 million, primarily due to 889.2 million net proceeds from our June 2021 equity offering, 25.2 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 9.7 million of proceeds from the exercises of stock options, partially offset by 5.6 million principal repayments of finance leases, as well as 27.6 million used to repay a portion of our 2024 convertible notes upon redemption. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of January 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 3 to 5 Years More Than 5 Years 0.25 convertible senior notes due 2026 1,158,597 2,875 1,155,722 Finance lease obligations 59,347 8,073 17,156 17,422 16,696 Operating lease obligations 53,526 11,993 18,237 10,929 12,367 Purchase obligations 1,146,064 200,706 525,358 420,000 Total 2,417,534 223,647 1,716,473 448,351 29,063 
 At January 31, 2023, our material short-term and long-term cash requirements for various contractual obligations and commitments consisted of the following: 
 principal and future interest payments related to our 2026 Notes; 
 our purchase obligations under non-cancelable agreements for cloud infrastructure capacity commitments and subscription and marketing services. Subsequent to January 31, 2023, the Company expanded its enterprise partnership arrangement with a cloud infrastructure provider that includes a non-cancelable commitment of million over the next five years, commencing in March 2023, which is not included in the table above; 
 our finance and operating lease obligations under non-cancelable leases for office space expiring through 2032; and 
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet (primarily short-term in nature). 
 For further details of our contractual obligations and lease agreements, refer to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, within Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K, specifically Note 6, Convertible Senior Notes , Note 7, Leases and Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive our revenue from two sources: (1) the sales of subscriptions, which includes the usage-based database-as-a-service offering and the term license and post-contract customer support PCS and (2) services revenue comprised of consulting and training arrangements. We recognize revenue when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under each of our agreements, we perform the following steps: 
 i. Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer. We contract with our customers through order forms, which are governed by master sales agreements. We determine we have a contract with a customer when the contract is approved, each party s rights regarding the products or services to be transferred is identified, the payment terms for the services can be identified, we have determined the customer has the ability and intent to pay and the contract has commercial substance. We apply judgment in determining the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit, reputation and financial or other information pertaining to the customer. At contract inception, we evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract includes more than one performance obligation. We have concluded that our contracts with customers do not contain warranties that give rise to a separate performance obligation. 
 ii. Identification of the performance obligations in the contract. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services or products that will be transferred to the customer that are both (1) capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service or product either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us and (2) distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services or products is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised services or products, we apply judgment to determine whether promised services or products are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised services or products are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 
 iii. Determination of the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring services and products to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of our contracts contain a significant financing component. 
 iv. Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. We also consider if there are any additional material rights inherent in a contract and if so, we allocate a portion of the transaction price to such rights based on SSP. We determine each SSP based on multiple factors, including past history of selling such performance obligations as standalone products. We estimate SSP for performance obligations with no observable evidence using adjusted market, cost plus and residual methods to establish the SSPs. In cases where directly observable standalone sales are not available, we utilize all observable data points including competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market and industry data points and our pricing practices to establish the SSP. 
 v. Recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. We recognize revenue at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied when control of the services or products are transferred to the customers, 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services or products. We record our revenue net of any value added or sales tax. 
 Business Combinations 
 We use our best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. These estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally and we are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of business. The uncertainty that exists with respect to the global economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the macroeconomic environment has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of bank deposits and money market funds and our short-term investments consist of U.S. government treasury securities. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of 1.8 billion. The carrying amount of our cash equivalents reasonably approximates fair value, due to the short maturities of these instruments. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital, the fulfillment of liquidity needs and the fiduciary control of cash and investments. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to a fluctuation in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. The effect of a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would not have had a material impact on the fair market value of our investments as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 In January 2020, we issued 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of 0.25 convertible senior notes due 2026 in a private placement (the 2026 Notes ). The fair value of the 2026 Notes is subject to interest rate risk, market risk and other factors due to the conversion feature. The fair value of the 2026 Notes will generally increase as our common stock price increases and will generally decrease as our common stock price declines. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of the 2026 Notes, but do not impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. Additionally, we carry the 2026 Notes at face value less unamortized issuance costs on our balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our sales contracts are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, British pounds GBP or Euros EUR ). A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States and denominated in foreign currencies and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the GBP and EUR. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our statement of operations. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. Given the impact of foreign currency exchange rates has not been material to our historical operating results, we have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions, but we may do so in the future if our exposure to foreign currency should become more significant. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
 Market Risk 
 We could experience additional volatility to our consolidated statements of operations due to observable price changes and impairments to our non-marketable securities. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events, 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our non-marketable securities. Our non-marketable securities are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the total amount of non-marketable securities included in other assets on our balance sheet was 9.8 million and 4.8 million, respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 MongoDB, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 65 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

64 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of MongoDB, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MongoDB, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of stockholders' equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible senior notes as of February 1, 2021. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Allocation of Transaction Price in Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 As described in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, other subscription revenue was 426.9 million for the year ended January 31, 2023. Certain of the Company s contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations, such as the license portion of time-based software licenses, post-contract customer support, and services. For these contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, management allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price. Management determines each standalone selling price based on multiple factors, including past history of selling such performance obligations as standalone products. Management estimates standalone selling price for performance obligations with no observable evidence using adjusted market, cost plus and residual methods to establish the standalone selling prices. In cases where directly observable standalone sales are not available, management utilizes all observable data points including competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market and industry data points, and the Company s pricing practices. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - allocation of transaction price in revenue arrangements with multiple performance obligations is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in estimating the standalone selling price for certain of the Company s performance obligations and allocating the transaction price based on a relative allocation of standalone selling price to those individual performance obligations, which in turn led to (ii) significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s estimates of standalone selling price and the allocation of transaction price to the individual performance obligations. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the estimation of the standalone selling price and the allocation of transaction price to the individual performance obligations. These procedures also included testing management s process for estimating the standalone selling prices, which involved (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodologies used by management in establishing the standalone selling prices; (ii) assessing the reasonableness of the significant assumptions developed by management; and (iii) testing the source data utilized in management s estimate calculations. These procedures also included testing the relative allocation of transaction price to individual performance obligations based on a sample of contracts. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 17, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 MONGODB, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) 
 As of January 31, 
 2023 2022 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Deferred commissions 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Goodwill 
 Acquired intangible assets, net 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued compensation and benefits 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Total current liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability, non-current 
 Operating lease liabilities, non-current 
 Deferred revenue, non-current 
 Convertible senior notes, net 
 Other liabilities, non-current 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value of per share; shares authorized as of January 31, 2023 and 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and shares issued and shares outstanding as of January 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Treasury stock, shares (repurchased at an average of per share) as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 MONGODB, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) 
 Years Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: 
 Subscription 
 Services 
 Total revenue 
 Cost of revenue: 
 Subscription 
 Services 
 Total cost of revenue 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Sales and marketing 
 Research and development 
 General and administrative 
 Total operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) Other income (expense): 
 Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Other expense, net 
 ) ) ) Loss before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 MONGODB, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 Years Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Unrealized income (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Total comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 MONGODB, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data) 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Balances as of January 31, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting change 
 ) ) Stock option exercises 
 Repurchase of early exercised options 
 ) Vesting of early exercised stock options 
 Vesting of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Conversion of convertible senior notes Temporary equity reclassification ) ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Balances as of January 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting change 
 ) ) Stock option exercises 
 Vesting of early exercised stock options 
 Vesting of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Conversion of convertible senior notes Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Balances as of January 31, 2022 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting change Stock option exercises Vesting of early exercised stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Conversion of convertible senior notes Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Net loss ) ) Balances as of January 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 MONGODB, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Years Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Amortization of finance right-of-use assets Amortization of operating right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Amortization of premium and accretion of discount on short-term investments, net ) Unrealized gain on non-marketable securities ) Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Deferred commissions ) ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities 
 ) ) ) Deferred revenue 
 Other liabilities, non-current 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Investment in non-marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities 
 ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Payments of issuance costs for convertible senior notes ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options, including early exercised stock options Proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Repurchase of early exercised stock options ) Principal repayments of finance leases 
 ) ) ) Repayments of convertible senior notes attributable to principal 
 ) Proceeds from tenant improvement allowance on build-to-suit lease 
 Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow disclosure Cash paid during the period for: 
 Income taxes, net of refunds 
 Interest expense 
 Noncash investing and financing activities Vesting of early exercised stock options 
 Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash within the consolidated balance sheets to the amounts shown in the statements of cash flows above: Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash, non-current 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

2. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 Foreign Currency 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Marketable Securities 
 t record any impairment charges for its marketable debt securities in its consolidated statements of operations. 
 Restricted Cash 
 As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company pledged million of collateral for its available credit on corporate credit cards. 
 Non-marketable Securities 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million, respectively, of its cash in non-marketable securities of privately-held companies. The Company evaluated its ownership, contractual and other interests of its investments and determined that as of January 31, 2023, there were no variable interest entities required to be consolidated in the Company s consolidated financial statements, as the Company was not the primary beneficiary and did not have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the entities economic performance. The Company s maximum loss exposure is limited to the carrying value of these investments. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, no customer represented 10 or more of net accounts receivable. For the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, no customer represented 10 or more of revenue. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Property and Equipment 
 Servers Furniture and fixtures Website costs Leasehold improvements Lesser of estimated useful life or remaining lease term 
 Depreciation commences once the asset is ready for its intended use. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation, is removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. There was no material gain or loss incurred as a result of retirement or sale in the periods presented. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Leases 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 indicators of impairment of goodwill 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 sources: (1) the sales of subscriptions, which includes the usage-based database-as-a-service offering and the term license and post-contract customer support PCS and (2) services revenue comprised of consulting and training arrangements. The Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements, the Company performs the following steps: 
 i. Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer - The Company contracts with its customers through order forms, which are governed by master sales agreements. The Company determines it has a contract with a customer when the contract is approved, each party s rights regarding the products or services to be transferred is identified, the payment terms for the services can be identified, the Company has determined the customer has the ability and intent to pay and the contract has commercial substance. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit, reputation and financial or other information pertaining to the customer. At contract inception, the Company evaluates whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract includes more than one performance obligation. The Company has concluded that its contracts with customers do not contain warranties that give rise to a separate performance obligation. 
 ii. Identification of the performance obligations in the contract - Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services or products that will be transferred to the customer that are both (1) capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service or product either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from the Company and (2) distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services or products is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised services or products, the Company applies judgment to determine whether promised services or products are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised services or products are combined and accounted for as a single performance obligation. 
 iii. Determination of the transaction price - The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring services and products to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur. None of the Company s contracts contain a significant financing component. 
 iv. Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract - If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. The Company also considers if there are any additional material rights inherent in a contract and if so, the Company allocates a portion of the transaction price to such rights based on SSP. The Company determines each SSP based on multiple factors, including past history of selling such performance obligations as standalone products. The Company estimates SSP for performance obligations with no observable evidence using adjusted market, cost plus and residual methods to establish the SSPs. In cases where directly observable standalone sales are not available, the Company utilizes all observable data points including competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market and industry data points and the Company s pricing practices to establish the SSP. 
 v. Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation - The Company recognizes revenue at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied when control of the services or products are transferred to the customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services or products. The Company records its revenue net of any value added or sales tax. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 79 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 . The Company determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration the length of its customer contracts, its technology and other factors. Deferred commissions also include all other sales commissions and related payroll taxes for subscription contracts, which are amortized based on the pattern of the associated revenue recognition over the related contractual subscription period. Sales commissions are generally paid up front and one month in arrears, however, the timing of payment is based on contractual terms of the underlying subscription contract and is subject to an evaluation of customer credit-worthiness. The deferred commission amounts are recoverable through the future revenue under the non-cancelable customer contracts. Amortization of deferred commissions is included in sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company adopted the practical expedient that permits an entity to expense the costs to obtain a contract as incurred when the expected amortization period is one year or less. Deferred commissions are reviewed periodically for impairment. Refer to Note 10, Revenue for more information. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 days of the invoice date. Deferred revenue that is anticipated to be recognized during the succeeding twelve-month period is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as non-current. The Company s contract liabilities are classified as deferred revenue upon the right to invoice or when payments have been received for undelivered products or services. Deferred revenue does not necessarily represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, a decrease to additional paid-in capital of million, a decrease to temporary equity of million and an increase to convertible senior notes, net, of million. There was an immaterial benefit from the reversal of the deferred tax liability associated with the convertible senior notes upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06. Prior period financial statements were not restated. 
 Also upon adoption, the Company is no longer utilizing the treasury stock method for earnings per share purposes. Instead, the Company is applying the if-converted method when reporting the number of potentially dilutive shares of common stock. Although the required use of the if-converted method will not impact the diluted net loss per share as long as the Company is in a net loss position, the Company is required to include disclosures of all the underlying shares regardless of the average stock price for the reporting period. 
 The Company s convertible senior notes are classified as non-current liabilities until the reporting period date is within one year of maturity of the convertible senior notes or when the Company has received a redemption request, but settlement will occur after the reporting period date. Under such circumstances, the carrying amount of the convertible senior notes, net of the associated unamortized debt issuance costs, is classified as a current liability. 
 Research and Development 
 
 Advertising 
 Advertising costs were million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Advertising costs are recorded in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 . The Company has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company recognizes the stock-based compensation expense related to the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period. 
 Net Loss Per Share 
 
 Segment Information 
 operating and reportable segment as the Company s chief operating decision maker, the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ), reviews financial information on an aggregate and consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. Accordingly, all required segment information can be found in these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 Income Taxes 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Related Party Transactions 
 There were no material related party transactions in the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no material amounts payable to or amounts receivable from related parties. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

3. 
 Short-term investments: U.S. government treasury securities 
 Total financial assets 
 
 Fair Value at January 31, 2022 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 Financial Assets: Cash and cash equivalents: Money market funds Short-term investments: U.S. government treasury securities 
 Total financial assets 
 
 The Company utilized the market approach and Level 1 valuation inputs to value its money market mutual funds and U.S. government treasury securities because published net asset values were readily available. The contractual maturity of all marketable securities was less than one year as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. As of January 31, 2023, unrealized losses on the Company s U.S. government treasury securities were approximately million. The fluctuations in market interest rates impact the unrealized losses on these securities. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and, as a result, does not expect to realize these losses in its financial statements. The Company concluded that an allowance for credit losses was unnecessary for short-term investments as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. Gross realized gains and losses were not material for each of the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million, respectively. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company invested an additional million of its cash in non-marketable equity securities. In addition, the Company recorded an unrealized gain on certain of these non-marketable securities of million during the year ended January 31, 2023. gain or loss was recognized during the year ended January 31, 2022. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further details. The Company considers these assets as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy when an impairment or observable price changes in orderly transactions are recognized on these non-marketable securities during the period. The estimation of fair value for these investments is inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and inherent lack of liquidity and requires the Company s judgment and the use of significant unobservable inputs in an inactive market. In addition, the determination of whether an orderly transaction is for the identical or a similar investment requires significant management judgment, including understanding the differences in the rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which those differences would affect the fair values of those investments and the stage of operational development of the entities. 
 
 4. 
 Furniture and fixtures Computer and office equipment Purchased software Leasehold improvements Website costs Construction in process Finance lease right-of-use assets Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense excludes amortization with respect to the finance lease right-of-use asset, which is described further in Note 7, Leases . 
 Depreciation expense for the year ended January 31, 2021 included an impairment charge of million related to the Company s former office space in Dublin, Ireland. In December 2019, the Company signed an agreement to lease approximately square feet of office space to accommodate its growing employee base in Dublin. The lease commenced on February 1, 2020 and as of January 31, 2021, the former Dublin office was not occupied by the Company. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has been unable to assign nor secure a sub-tenant for the former Dublin office. Accordingly, the Company recognized an impairment charge as part of depreciation expense that represented the remaining carrying value of the right-of-use asset for this office location. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 5. 
 Increase in goodwill related to business combinations Balance, end of the year 
 In April 2021, the Company made an acquisition for total cash consideration of million, of which million was the purchase price to be allocated and million will be recognized as post-combination compensation expense. For accounting purposes, this business combination was deemed immaterial. The Company allocated million to the acquired developed technology intangible asset based on fair value to be amortized over its economic useful life of . The Company also recorded million of goodwill, which included a tax benefit associated with the acquisition due to the release of the valuation allowance of million. 
 ) Customer relationships ) Total ) 
 January 31, 2022 Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Weighted-Average Remaining Useful Life (in years) Developed technology ) Customer relationships ) Total ) 
 Acquired intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis. Amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for developed technology was included as research and development expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for customer relationships was included as sales and marketing expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 6. 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 As of January 31, 2023, the total estimated fair value (Level 2) of the outstanding 2026 Notes was approximately billion. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per of the 2026 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. The fair value of the 2026 Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of the Company s common stock and market interest rates. 
 Amortization of debt discount (1) 
 Amortization of issuance costs (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) The decrease in total interest expense for the year ended January 31, 2022, as compared to the respective prior year was due to the derecognition of the unamortized debt discount, partially offset by the increase in the amortization of issuance costs previously recognized in equity. These changes were the result of the Company s adoption of ASU 2020-06, as of February 1, 2021, as described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 (2) The aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2024 Notes was redeemed by the Company in December 2021. 
 In June 2018, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 in a private placement and, in July 2018, the Company issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes pursuant to the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase additional convertible senior notes (collectively, the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes were senior unsecured obligations of the Company with interest payable semiannually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2018, at a rate of per year. The 2024 Notes had a maturity date of June 15, 2024, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting initial purchase discounts and debt issuance costs, were approximately million. 
 In January 2020, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 in a private placement and, also in January 2020, the Company issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes pursuant to the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase additional convertible senior notes (collectively, the 2026 Notes ). The 2026 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on July 15 and January 15 of each year, beginning on July 15, 2020, at a rate of per year. The 2026 Notes will mature on January 15, 2026, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting initial purchase discounts and estimated debt issuance costs, were approximately billion. 
 On January 14, 2020, in connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes (the 2024 Notes Partial Repurchase leaving million aggregate principal outstanding on the 2024 Notes immediately after the exchange. The 2024 Notes Partial Repurchase were individually privately negotiated transactions conducted not pursuant to a redemption notice. The 2024 Notes Partial Repurchase and issuance of the 2026 Notes were deemed to have substantially different terms due to the 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The extinguishment of the 2024 Notes on December 3, 2021 was immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Terms of the 2026 Notes 
 For the 2026 Notes, the initial conversion rate is shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount of the 2026 Notes, which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events. 
 The 2026 Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding October 15, 2025, only under the following circumstances: 
 (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on April 30, 2020 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price of the 2026 Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 (2) during the -business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per principal amount of the 2026 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate of the 2026 Notes on each such trading day; 
 (3) if the Company calls any or all of the 2026 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events (as set forth in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes). 
 On or after October 15, 2025, until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their 2026 Notes, in multiples of principal amount, at the option of the holder, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election. If a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes) occurs prior to the maturity date, holders of the 2026 Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their 2026 Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, if specific corporate events occur prior to the applicable maturity date, or if the Company elects to redeem the 2026 Notes, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert their notes in connection with such a corporate event or redemption in certain circumstances. It is the Company s current intent to settle the principal amount of the 2026 Notes in cash. 
 During the three months ended January 31, 2023, the conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes was not triggered as the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock was not more than or equal to of the conversion price for at least trading days in the period of consecutive trading days ending on January 31, 2023 (the last trading day of the fiscal quarter) and therefore the 2026 Notes are not currently convertible, in whole or in part, at the option of the holders from February 1, 2023 through April 30, 2023. Whether the 2026 Notes will be convertible following such period will depend on the continued satisfaction of this condition or another conversion condition in the future. Since the Company has the election of repaying the 2026 Notes in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of both, the Company continued to classify the 2026 Notes as long-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of January 31, 2023. 
 During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, certain holders elected to redeem an immaterial aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. The Company elected to settle the redemption through the issuance of common stock. The 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides a notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Capped Calls 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain counterparties (the Capped Calls ). The Capped Calls associated with the 2024 Notes each had an initial strike price of approximately per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponded to the initial conversion price of the 2024 Notes. These Capped Calls had initial cap prices of per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 The Capped Calls associated with the 2026 Notes each have an initial strike price of approximately per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes. These Capped Calls have initial cap prices of per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 The Capped Calls are expected to partially offset the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2024 Notes or 2026 Notes, with such offset subject to a cap based on the cap price. The Capped Calls associated with the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares and million shares of the Company s common stock, respectively. The Capped Calls are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified extraordinary events affecting the Company, including merger events, tender offers and the announcement of such events. In addition, the Capped Calls are subject to certain specified additional disruption events that may give rise to a termination of the Capped Calls, including nationalization, insolvency or delisting, changes in law, failures to deliver, insolvency filings and hedging disruptions. For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions and not part of the terms of the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes. As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the Capped Calls are recorded in stockholders' equity (deficit) and are not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of million and million incurred to purchase the Capped Calls associated with the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes, respectively, was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and will not be remeasured. The Company did not unwind any of its Capped Calls through January 31, 2023. 
 
 7. 
 years and may include renewal options, which the company deems reasonably certain to be renewed. The exercise of the lease renewal option is at the company's discretion. 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company entered into a new agreement to lease office space in Gurgaon, India for a term of with total estimated aggregate base rent payments of million. This lease commenced and payments began in April 2022. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a sublease agreement to lease office space in London, U.K. for a term of . The Company estimates total aggregate base rent payments, net of tenant incentives expected to be received, of million. As the lease had not commenced as of January 31, 2023, the Company s lease costs are not included in the tables below. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Interest on finance lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Balance Sheet Components 
 Other accrued liabilities (current) Other liabilities, non-current Operating Leases: Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities (current) Operating lease liabilities, non-current 
 Supplemental Information 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance lease Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Finance lease Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance lease Operating leases 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Total minimum payments 
 Less imputed interest 
 ) ) Present value of future minimum lease payments 
 Less current obligations under leases 
 ) ) Non-current lease obligations 

8. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Total minimum payments 
 
 Refer to Note 7, Leases , for further details on obligations under non-cancelable finance and operating leases, including future minimum lease payments. 
 Non-cancelable Material Commitments 
 Other than certain non-cancelable operating leases described in Note 7, Leases , during the year ended January 31, 2023, there have been no material changes outside the ordinary course of business to the Company s contractual obligations and commitments. Subsequent to January 31, 2023, the Company expanded its enterprise partnership arrangement with a cloud infrastructure provider that includes a non-cancelable commitment of million over the next , commencing in March 2023. 
 Other Commitments 
 The Company has entered into irrevocable, standby letters of credit, which serve as security deposits for certain of the Company s leases and expire through October 2025. The maximum amount that can be drawn under these letters of credit is million. As of January 31, 2023, amounts have been drawn under the letters of credit. 
 Legal Matters 
 From time to time, the Company has become involved in claims, litigation and other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business including intellectual property claims, labor and employment claims and breach of contract claims. For example, on March 12, 2019, Realtime Data LLC Realtime filed a lawsuit against the Company in the United 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

9. 
 classes of common stock, Class A and Class B. The rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock were identical, except with respect to voting. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock was entitled to votes per share. 
 On June 11, 2020, all outstanding shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share, automatically converted into the same number of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. No additional shares of Class B common stock will be issued following such conversion. The conversion occurred pursuant to Article V, Section 5(a) of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which provided that each share of Class B common stock would convert automatically into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A common stock at 5:00 p.m. in New York City, New York on the first trading day falling on or after the date on which the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represented less than of the aggregate number of shares of the then outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The Company filed a certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effecting the retirement and cancellation of the Company s Class B common stock and eliminating the authorized Class B common stock, thereby reducing the total number of the Company s authorized shares of common stock by . 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had authorized shares of common stock, each par value per share, of which shares of common stock were issued and were outstanding. 
 2021 Common Stock Offering 
 
 On June 29, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, pursuant to which the Company 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 shares of its common stock, par value per share, at an offering price of per share. 
 The Company received net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of million. Offering expenses included legal, accounting and other fees and, along with underwriting discounts and commissions, were recorded in additional paid-in capital as a reduction of the proceeds upon the closing of the offering in July 2021. 
 
 10. 
 EMEA 
 Asia Pacific 
 Total 
 Subscription product categories and services: MongoDB Atlas-related 
 Other subscription 
 Services 
 Total 
 
 Customers located in the United States accounted for , and of total revenue for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Customers located in the United Kingdom accounted for 10 of total revenue for the year ended January 31, 2021. No other country accounted for 10 or more of revenue for the periods presented. 
 As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the majority of the Company s long-lived assets were located in the United States and Ireland. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 The Company s contract liabilities are recorded as deferred revenue in the Company s consolidated balance sheet and consist of customer invoices issued or payments received in advance of revenues being recognized from the Company s subscription and services contracts. Deferred revenue, including current and non-current balances as of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. Approximately and of the total revenue recognized in the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 was from deferred revenue at the beginning of each respective period. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price in contracts allocated to performance obligations not delivered, or partially undelivered, as of the end of the reporting period. Remaining performance 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million. Approximately is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next months and the remainder thereafter. The Company applies the practical expedient to omit disclosure with respect to the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the related contract has a total duration of 12 months or less. 
 Unbilled Receivables 
 Revenue recognized in excess of invoiced amounts creates an unbilled receivable, which represents the Company s unconditional right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Company has transferred to the customer. Unbilled receivables are recorded as part of accounts receivable, net in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. As of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, unbilled receivables were million, million and million, respectively. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 The adoption of ASU 2016-13 on February 1, 2020 required the Company to change from an incurred loss impairment model to an expected credit loss model. Accordingly, the Company considers expectations of forward-looking losses, in addition to historical loss rates, to estimate its allowance for doubtful accounts on its accounts receivable. 
 Provision Recoveries/write-offs ) Balance at January 31, 2022 Provision Recoveries/write-offs ) Balance at January 31, 2023 
 The increase in allowance for doubtful accounts at January 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the increase in sales. 
 Costs Capitalized to Obtain Contracts with Customers 
 Deferred commissions were million and million as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amortization expense with respect to deferred commissions, which is included in sales and marketing expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations, was million, million and million for years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized for the periods presented. 
 
 11. 
 of the fair value of the common stock on the grant date as determined by the Board of Directors. If, at the date of grant, the optionee owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock (a 10 stockholder ), the exercise price must be at least of the fair value of the common stock on the date of grant as determined by the Board of Directors. Options granted are exercisable over a maximum term of years from the date of 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 from the date of grant for ISOs granted to any 10 stockholder. The Board of Directors or a committee thereof determines the vesting schedule for all equity awards. Stock option awards generally vest over a period of with vesting on the anniversary of the award and the remainder vesting monthly over the next months of the grantee s service to the Company. RSU awards granted to new employees generally vest over a period of with vesting on the one year anniversary of the award and the remainder vesting quarterly over the next 12 quarters, subject to the grantee s continued service to the Company. RSUs granted to existing employees generally vest quarterly over a period of , subject to the grantee s continued service to the Company. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2016 Plan, the shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance was increased by million shares in February 2022. As of January 31, 2023, the Company has approximately million shares of common stock available for future grants. 
 Stock Options 
 Options exercised 
 ) Options forfeited and expired 
 ) Balance - January 31, 2022 Options exercised ) Options forfeited and expired 
 ) Balance - January 31, 2023 Options vested and exercisable - January 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable - January 31, 2023 Stock options vested and expected to vest - January 31, 2023 
 
 There were options granted during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. The intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was determined to be million, million and million, respectively. 
 There were no options vested during the year ended January 31, 2023. The aggregate grant date fair value of stock options vested during the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. As of January 31, 2023, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding stock options. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited and canceled ) Unvested - January 31, 2022 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited and canceled ) Unvested - January 31, 2023 
 As of January 31, 2023, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Executive Performance Share Awards 
 During three months ended April 30, 2022, the Company created a long-term performance-based equity award program and granted performance share units PSUs to the Company s CEO and certain other executives. The vesting of PSUs is conditioned upon the achievement of certain targets for the year ended January 31, 2023.The PSUs vest annually over a period of from the date of grant, subject to the executive s continued employment with the Company. Each vested PSU entitles the executive to one share of common stock. A PSU performance factor of 100 will result in the targeted number of PSUs being vested. The minimum percentage of PSUs that can vest is , with a maximum percentage of . On the date of grant, the Company assumed a performance factor of , which would result in PSUs to be issued, if fully vested. 
 The grant date fair value of these PSUs was million at a performance factor of , which was determined by using the closing price of the Company s stock at the date of grant. Compensation expense is being recognized over the requisite service period based on the probability of the performance conditions being satisfied using the accelerated attribution method. Following the completion of the performance year, the achieved PSU performance factor was 98.5. During year ended January 31, 2023, the Company recognized million of compensation expense related to these PSUs. As of January 31, 2023, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these PSUs, which it expects to be recognized over the remaining service period of approximately two years. 
 2016 China Stock Appreciation Rights Plan 
 In April 2016, the Company adopted the 2016 China Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (as amended, the China SAR Plan for its employees in China. These awards, which are granted to new employees, generally vest over with vesting on the anniversary of the award and the remainder vesting monthly over the next months of the grantee s service to the Company. Awards granted to existing employees generally vest quarterly over a period of , subject to the grantee s continued service to the Company. The China SAR Plan units are cash settled upon exercise and will be paid as a cash bonus equal to the difference between the strike price of the vested plan units and the fair market value of common stock at the end of each reporting period. 
 As of November 1, 2021, the Company does not expect to grant stock appreciation rights in the future and will instead grant RSUs to its employees in China. Therefore, no China SAR Plan units were granted for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 For the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company granted and units of the China SAR Plan, respectively, at a weighted average strike price of and per share, respectively. 
 During the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, upon the vesting of , and units, respectively, the total expense recognized related to China SAR was million, million and million, respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million, respectively. These amounts were recorded as part of the accrued compensation and benefits on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and recognized as bonus expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company paid million in cash upon the exercise of units. As of January 31, 2023, there were China SAR Plan units outstanding of which units remained unvested. 
 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In October 2017, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and stockholders approved, the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2017 ESPP ). Subject to any plan limitations, the 2017 ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute, normally through payroll deductions, up to of their earnings for the purchase of the Company s common stock at a discounted price per share. Except for the initial offering period, the ESPP provides for separate offering periods. 
 Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Company s common stock will be purchased for the accounts of employees participating in the ESPP at a price per share that is the lesser of (1) of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first trading day of the offering period, or (2) of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the last trading day of the offering period. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 ESPP, the shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance was increased by shares in February 2022. As of January 31, 2023, there were shares of the Company s common stock available for future issuance under the 2017 ESPP. 
 During the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 there were , and shares, respectively, of common stock purchased under the ESPP. The total expense related to the ESPP for years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of January 31, 2023, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP offering period expected to end in June 2023. 
 
 - 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 

Early Exercise of Stock Options 
 The Company allowed employees and directors to exercise options granted prior to vesting. The unvested shares are subject to lapsing repurchase rights upon termination of employment. For early exercised stock options under the 2008 Plan, the repurchase price is at the original purchase price. For early exercised stock options under the 2016 Plan, the repurchase price is the lower of (1) the then-current fair market value of the common stock on the date of repurchase and (2) the original purchase price. The proceeds initially are recorded in other current and non-current liabilities from the early exercise of stock options and reclassified to common stock and paid-in capital as the repurchase right lapses. 
 There were no shares of the Company s common stock issued during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 for stock options exercised prior to vesting. The Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock related to unvested stock options during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. As of January 31, 2023 there were no shares held by employees and directors that were subject to repurchase. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Cost of revenue services 
 Sales and marketing 
 Research and development 
 General and administrative 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 

12.) ) ) Denominator: 
 Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company calculated the potential dilutive effect of its 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes under the treasury stock method. As a result, only the amount by which the conversion value exceeded the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes (the conversion spread was considered in the diluted earnings per share computation. The conversion spread only had a dilutive impact on diluted net income per share when the average market price of the Company s Class A common stock for a given period exceeded the initial conversion price of per share for the 2024 Notes and per share for the 2026 Notes. 
 Upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on February 1, 2021, the Company calculates the potential dilutive effect of its 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes under the if-converted method. Under this method, diluted earnings per share is determined by assuming that all of the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock at the beginning of the reporting period. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes, the Company entered into Capped Calls, which were not included for purposes of calculating the number of diluted shares outstanding, as their effect would have been antidilutive. The Capped Calls are expected to partially offset the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Stock options pursuant to the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan Unvested restricted stock units Unvested executive PSUs Early exercised stock options 
 Shares underlying the conversion option of the 2024 Notes (conversion spread only prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06) Shares underlying the conversion option of the 2026 Notes (conversion spread only prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06) Total 
 
 13.) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 State Foreign Total Deferred: Federal ) ) State Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit Impact of foreign income taxes Foreign branch income included in the United States Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Non-deductible expenses Officer compensation in excess of 1 million Change in valuation allowance Research and development credits ) ) ) Foreign tax credit ) ) ) Foreign withholding tax expense Prior year true ups ) Other ) Provision for income taxes 
 The increase in the provision for income taxes during the years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in foreign taxes as the Company continued its global expansion. In addition, the overall provision for income taxes for the year ended January 31, 2022 was lower due to a reduction in the valuation allowance as a result of goodwill from an immaterial business combination and the impact from the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes, as well as operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Deferred revenue Finance and operating lease liabilities Capitalized research and development costs Other reserves Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Finance and operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Convertible senior notes Deferred commission ) ) Other liabilities and accruals ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized when management believes it more likely than not that they will be realized. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. The valuation allowance increased by million and million during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal, state, Irish and U.K. income tax purposes of billion, billion, million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in the year ending January 31, 2028 for U.S. federal purposes and January 31, 2024 for state purposes. Operating losses in the United States, for years after January 31, 2019, in Ireland and the United Kingdom may be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also has U.S. federal and state research credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in the year ending January 31, 2029 for federal purposes and January 31, 2025 for state purposes. Utilization of the federal net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and similar state provisions. The annual limitation, should the Company undergo an ownership change, may result in the expiration of federal or state net operating losses and credits before utilization, however the Company does not expect any such limitation to be material. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 MONGODB, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Although the Company believes that it has adequately reserved for its uncertain tax positions, the Company can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. As the Company expands internationally, it will face increased complexity and its unrecognized tax benefits may increase in the future. The Company makes adjustments to its reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 
 Increase (decrease) in tax positions in prior years ) ) Additions based on tax positions in the current year Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 As of January 31, 2023, unrecognized tax benefits would not have any impact on the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. 
 The Company continues to monitor and apply its permanent reinvestment of foreign earnings assertion under the rules of the Tax Act. The Company has not provided for U.S. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on approximately million of undistributed earnings from non-U.S. operations as of January 31, 2023 because the Company intends to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside of the United States. If the Company were to distribute these earnings, foreign tax credits may become available under current law to reduce the resulting U.S. income tax liability. The Company has estimated the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings to be approximately million. 
 The Company is not currently under Internal Revenue Service, state, or foreign income tax examination with the exception of an audit in France for which the Company does not expect a material outcome. The Company does t anticipate any significant increases or decreases in its uncertain tax positions within the next twelve months. The Company files tax returns in the United States for federal and certain states. All tax years remain open to examination for both federal and state purposes as a result of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards. The Company files foreign tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions. These foreign returns are open to examination for the fiscal years ending January 31, 2014 through January 31, 2022. 
 Beginning in fiscal year 2023, provisions in the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 require the Company to capitalize and amortize research and development R D expenditures rather than deducting the costs as incurred. As a result of the new R D capitalization effective in fiscal year 2023, the capitalized amounts resulted in a decrease of the current year net operating loss. Capitalized R D expenditures are deductible as amortized in future periods. Therefore, the Company recorded a deferred tax asset for the capitalized R D expenditures. 
 
 In August 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act IRA ), which includes a corporate alternative minimum tax and an excise tax on stock buybacks. The Company has determined that it is not currently subject to the provisions of this legislation. In addition, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development the OECD ), has issued guidelines that change long-standing tax principles and may introduce tax uncertainty as countries amend their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the guidelines. In December 2022, the European Union EU reached unanimous agreement, in principle, to implement the global minimum tax. EU members will be required to institute local laws in 2023, which are intended to be effective for tax years beginning after 2023. Additional changes to global tax laws are likely to occur, and such changes may adversely affect the Company s tax liability. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2023 . Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2023 , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on the results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and Rule 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item (other than the information set forth in the next paragraph in this Item) will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct ), applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at investors.mongodb.com. The nominating and corporate governance committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct and must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct for employees, executive officers and directors. We expect that any amendments to the Code of Conduct, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website, as required by applicable law or the listing standards of The Nasdaq Global Market. The inclusion of our website address in this Form 10-K does not include or incorporate by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K the information on or accessible through our website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

104 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 (1) All financial statements 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238) 
 65 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended January 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

Schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Filed Herewith 
 Exhibit Number Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant 
 8-K 001-38240 3.1 10/25/17 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant 
 S-1 333-220557 3.4 9/21/17 3.3 Certificate of Retirement 
 8-K 001-38240 3.1 6/16/20 4.1 Form of Class A common stock certificate of Registrant 
 S-1/A 333-220557 4.1 10/6/17 4.2 Indenture, dated as of January 14, 2020, by and between MongoDB, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-38240 4.1 1/14/20 4.3 Form of Global Note, representing MongoDB, Inc. s 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.5) 
 8-K 001-38240 4.2 1/14/20 4.4 Description of Registered Securities 
 10-K 001-38240 4.7 3/22/21 10.1# 2008 Stock Incentive Plan and Forms of Option Agreement and Exercise Notice thereunder, as amended to date 
 S-1 333-220557 10.1 9/21/17 10.2# Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise, Stock Option Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement thereunder 
 S-1/A 333-220557 10.2 10/6/17 10.3# Amended and Restated Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2022 
 10-K 001-38240 10.3 3/18/22 10.4# Forms of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-38240 10.3 3/30/18 10.5# 2016 China Stock Appreciation Rights Plan and Form of China Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-220557 10.3 10/6/17 10.6# 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10-Q 001-38240 10.1 9/2/22 10.7# Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers 
 S-1 333-220557 10.5 9/21/17 10.8# Second Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Dev Ittycheria 
 10-K 001-38240 10.8 3/18/22 10.9# Second Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated December 21, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Michael Gordon 
 10-K 001-38240 10.9 3/18/22 10.10# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and between MongoDB Switzerland GmbH and Cedric Pech 
 10-K 001-38240 10.1 3/18/22 10.11# Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated December 21, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Mark Porter 
 10-K 001-38240 10.11 3/18/22 10.12 Lease, between PGREF I 1633 Broadway Tower, L.P. and MongoDB, Inc., dated December 14, 2017 
 10-K 001-38240 10.12 3/30/18 10.13 Purchase Agreement, dated June 25, 2018, by and among MongoDB, Inc. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. 
 8-K 001-38240 99.1 6/28/18 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference 
 Filed Herewith 
 Exhibit Number Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 10.14 Form of Confirmation for 2018 Capped Call Transactions 
 8-K 001-38240 99.2 6/28/18 10.15 Purchase Agreement, dated January 9, 2020, by and among MongoDB, Inc. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Barclays Capital, Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38240 99.1 1/14/20 10.16 Form of Confirmation for 2020 Capped Call Transactions 
 8-K 001-38240 99.2 1/14/20 10.17# Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 x 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 x 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 x 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 # 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 107 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 MONGODB, INC. Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ Dev Ittycheria Name: Dev Ittycheria Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Dev Ittycheria President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 17, 2023 Dev Ittycheria (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael Gordon Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer March 17, 2023 Michael Gordon (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Thomas Bull Chief Accounting Officer March 17, 2023 Thomas Bull (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Tom Killalea Director March 17, 2023 Tom Killalea /s/ Archana Agrawal Director March 17, 2023 Archana Agrawal /s/ Roelof Botha Director March 17, 2023 Roelof Botha /s/ Hope Cochran Director March 17, 2023 Hope Cochran /s/ Francisco D Souza Director March 17, 2023 Francisco D Souza /s/ Charles M. Hazard, Jr. Director March 17, 2023 Charles M. Hazard, Jr. /s/ Dwight Merriman Director March 17, 2023 Dwight Merriman /s/ John McMahon Director March 17, 2023 John McMahon 

<EX-10.17>
 2
 mongodbincrestrictedstocku.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 

Exhibit 10.17 
 MongoDB, Inc. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (International) 
 (2016 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 MongoDB, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby awards to Participant a Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock Restricted Stock Units set forth below (the Award ). The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice of grant (this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Award Agreement ), both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms in the Award and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 
 Participant Date of Grant Vesting Base Date Target Number of Restricted Stock Units (based on 100 attainment) 
 Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units (based on 200 attainment) 
 
 Vesting Schedule ____________________ 

If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason, then the Participant shall not vest in any further Restricted Stock Units after the date of such termination provided, however, that if the Participant s Continuous Service is terminated without Cause within twelve months following a Change in Control, 100 of any then-unvested Restricted Stock Units shall vest as of the date of such termination. 
 
 Issuance Schedule The shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of the Award will be issued in accordance with the issuance schedule set forth in Section 6 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 Additional Terms Acknowledgements Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement, including any country-specific appendices, and the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and the Award Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock pursuant to the Award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on that subject with the exception, if applicable, of (i) equity awards previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law, and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this Award upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. 
 By accepting this Award, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company and such system shall have the same force and effect as hard-copy execution. 
 
 MongoDB, Inc. Participant 
 
 1 

By By 
 Signature Signature 
 Title Andrew Stephens Date 
 Title General Counsel 
 
 Attachments Award Agreement, 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 

2 

MongoDB, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Award Agreement and in consideration of your services, MongoDB, Inc. (the Company has awarded you Participant a Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award pursuant to Section 6 of the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of Restricted Stock Units shares indicated in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Award Agreement or the Grant Notice will have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. The terms of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows. 
 1. Grant of the Award . This Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 below) as indicated in the Grant Notice. As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the Account the number of Restricted Stock Units shares of Common Stock subject to the Award. This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company or an Affiliate. Except as otherwise provided herein, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company or an Affiliate (other than services to the Company or an Affiliate) with respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of the Company s Common Stock to be issued in respect of the Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to issue you the cash equivalent of Common Stock, in part or in full satisfaction of the delivery of Common Stock upon vesting of your Restricted Stock Units, and, to the extent applicable, references in this Award Agreement and the Grant Notice to Common Stock issuable in connection with your Restricted Stock Units will include the potential issuance of its cash equivalent pursuant to such right. 
 2. Vesting . Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. Upon such termination of your Continuous Service, the Restricted Stock Units shares of Common Stock credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such underlying shares of Common Stock. 
 3. Number of Shares . The number of Restricted Stock Units shares subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. Any additional Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3, if any, will be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units and shares covered by your Award. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock will be created pursuant to this Section 3. Any fraction of a share will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 4. US Securities Law Compliance . You may not be issued any Common Stock under your Award unless the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units are either (i) then registered under the Securities Act, or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you will not receive such Common Stock if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 5. Transfer Restrictions . Prior to the time that shares of Common Stock have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of this Award or the shares issuable in respect of your Award, except as expressly provided in this Section 5. For example, you may not use shares that may be issued in respect of your Restricted Stock Units as security for a loan. The restrictions on transfer set forth herein will lapse upon delivery to you of shares in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common Stock to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Award Agreement. In the absence of such a designation, your legal representative will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, such Common Stock or other consideration. 
 (a) Death . Your Award is transferable by will and by the laws of descent and distribution. At your death, vesting of your Award will cease and your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, any Common Stock or other consideration that vested but was not issued before your death. 
 3 

(b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your right to receive the distribution of Common Stock or other consideration hereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this Award with the Company General Counsel prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to verify that you may make such transfer, and if so, to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. 
 6. Date of Issuance . 
 (a) The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the withholding obligations set forth in this Award Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company will issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 above, and subject to any different provisions in the Grant Notice). The issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as the Original Issuance Date . 
 (b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery will instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if 
 (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company s policies (a 10b5-1 Plan )), and 
 (ii) either (1) Withholding Taxes do not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Withholding Taxes by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 11 of this Award Agreement (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Plan) and (C) not to permit you to pay the Withholding Taxes in cash or from other compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company, 
 then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 (c) The form of delivery of the shares of Common Stock in respect of your Award (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) will be determined by the Company. 
 7. Dividends . You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment provided, however, that this sentence will not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
 8. Restrictive Legends . The shares of Common Stock issued under your Award will be endorsed with appropriate legends as determined by the Company. 
 9. Execution of Documents . You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Award Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your Award. 
 4 

10. Award not a Service Contract . 
 (a) Your Continuous Service with the Company or an Affiliate is not for any specified term and may be terminated by you or by the Company or an Affiliate at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice, subject to applicable laws and your service or employment agreement. Nothing in this Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Award Agreement or the Plan will (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Award Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Award Agreement or Plan or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate you without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
 (b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award is earned only by continuing as an employee, director or consultant of the Company or an Affiliate and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a reorganization ). You further acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Award Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Award Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Award Agreement, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice, subject to applicable laws, and will not interfere in any way with the Company s right to conduct a reorganization. 
 11. Tax Withholding Obligations . 
 (a) On each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares underlying your Restricted Stock Units, and at any other time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with applicable tax laws, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and otherwise agree to make adequate provision in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax and social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate that arise in connection with your Award (the Withholding Taxes ). Additionally, the Company or any Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or an Affiliate (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer (pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes directly to the Company and its Affiliates or (iv) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued to you pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes provided, however, that the number of such shares of Common Stock so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and, if applicable, foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income and provided further, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Company s Compensation Committee. However, the Company does not guarantee that you will be able to satisfy the Withholding Taxes through any of the methods described in the preceding provisions and in all circumstances you remain responsible for timely and fully satisfying the Withholding Taxes. 
 (b) Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and any Affiliate are satisfied, the Company will have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock or other consideration pursuant to this Award. 
 (c) In the event the Company s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Company s 
 5 

withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
 12. Tax Consequences . The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and will not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. You understand that you (and not the Company) will be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 
 13. Data Privacy . 
 The following provisions shall apply to you if you reside in the EU or EEA. 
 Data Collected and Purposes of Collection 
 You understands that the Company, acting as controller as well as your employer, may collect, to the extent permissible under applicable law, certain personal information about you, including name, home address and telephone number, information necessary to process payment of the Award (e.g., mailing address for a check payment or bank account wire transfer information), date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, employment location, any capital shares or directorships held in the Company (but only where needed for legal or tax compliance), any other information necessary to process mandatory tax withholding and reporting, details of all Awards granted, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, and where applicable service termination date and reason for termination (e.g., for cause or other than for cause) (all such personal information is referred to as Data ). The Data is collected from you, your employer, and from the Company, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan pursuant to the terms of this Award Agreement. The legal basis (that is, the legal justification) for processing the Data is to perform this Award Agreement. The Data must be provided in order for you to participate in the Plan and for the parties to this Award Agreement to perform their respective obligations thereunder. If you do not provide Data, you will not be able to participate in the Plan and become a party to this Award Agreement. 
 Transfers and Retention of Data 
 You understand that your employer will transfer Data to the Company for purposes of plan administration. The Company and your employer may also transfer your Data to other service providers (such as accounting firms, payroll processing firms or tax firms), as may be selected by the Company in the future, to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of this Award Agreement. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States, a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission. Where a recipient is located in a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision, the transfer of the Data to that recipient will be made through the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement, and for the duration of the relevant statutes of limitations, which may be longer than the term of this Award Agreement. 
 The Participant s Rights in Respect of Data 
 The Company will take steps in accordance with applicable legislation to keep Data accurate, complete and up-to-date. You are entitled to have any inadequate, incomplete or incorrect Data corrected (that is, rectified). You also have the right to request access to your Data as well as additional information about the processing of that Data. Further, you are entitled to object to the processing of Data or have your Data erased, under certain circumstances. As from 25 May 2018, and subject to conditions set forth in applicable law, you are entitled to (i) restrict the processing of your Data so that it is stored but not actively processed (e.g., while the Company assesses whether you are entitled to have Data erased) and (ii) receive a copy of the Data provided pursuant to this Award Agreement or generated by you, in a common machine-readable format. To exercise your rights, you may contact the local human resources representative. You may also contact the relevant data protection supervisory authority, as you have the right to lodge a complaint. The data protection officer may be contacted at privacy mongodb.com. 
 The following provisions shall apply to you if you reside outside the US and EU EEA. 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously (i) acknowledge and (ii) to the extent required under applicable law, consent to, the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in and necessary to perform this Award Agreement and any other Award grant materials, by and among, 
 6 

as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that to the extent not prohibited under applicable law, the Company and the Affiliate may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. Certain Data may also constitute sensitive personal data within the meaning of applicable law. Such Data includes, but is not limited to, the information provided above and any changes thereto and other required personal and financial data about you. You hereby (i) acknowledge and (ii) to the extent required under applicable law, provide explicit consent to, the processing of any such Data by the Company and any Affiliate. You understand that Data will be transferred to such stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have data privacy laws and protections that are not considered adequate in your country. You understand that if you resides outside the United States, you may request in those countries where required to be disclosed under applicable law, a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You (i) acknowledge and (ii) to the extent required under applicable law, authorize the receipt, possession, use, retention and transfer of the Data, in electronic or other form, by the Company, any other possible recipients which may assist the Company with implementing, administering and managing the Plan, for the sole purposes of such implementation, administration and management. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, if required by applicable law, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein insofar as such consents are required under applicable law, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you acknowledge that if you are providing consent(s) herein, you are doing so on a purely voluntary basis. Insofar as any consent is required under applicable law, and you either do not consent or later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company or Affiliate will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company will not be able to grant you options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent (insofar as consent is required under applicable law) may affect your ability to participate in the Plan, but will have no further detrimental implications for you. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent in the event that consent is required under applicable law, you understand that you may contact the local human resources representative. 
 14. Unsecured Obligation . Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you will be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Award Agreement. You will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Award Agreement until such shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Award Agreement. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 15. Notices . Any notice or request required or permitted hereunder will be given in writing to each of the other parties hereto and will be deemed effectively given on the earlier of (i) the date of personal delivery, including delivery by express courier, or delivery via electronic means, or (ii) the date that is five (5) days after deposit in the United States Post Office (whether or not actually received by the addressee), by registered or certified mail with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the Company at its primary executive offices, attention Stock Plan Administrator, and addressed to you at your address as on file with the Company at the time notice is given. 
 16. Headings . The headings of the Sections in this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not be deemed to constitute a part of this Award Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Award Agreement. 
 17. Additional Acknowledgements . You hereby consent and acknowledge that 
 (a) Participation in the Plan is voluntary and therefore you must accept the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement and Grant Notice as a condition to participating in the Plan and receipt of this Award. This Award and any other awards under the Plan are voluntary and occasional and do not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards or other benefits in lieu of future awards, even if similar awards have been granted repeatedly in the past. All determinations with respect to any such future awards, 
 7 

including, but not limited to, the time or times when such awards are made, the size of such awards and performance and other conditions applied to the awards, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. 
 (b) The future value of your Award is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. You do not have, and will not assert, any claim or entitlement to compensation, indemnity or damages arising from the termination of this Award or diminution in value of this Award and you irrevocably release the Company, its Affiliates and, if applicable, your employer, if different from the Company, from any such claim that may arise. 
 (c) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award will be transferable by the Company to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Company s successors and assigns. 
 (d) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
 (e) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
 (f) This Award Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 (g) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Award Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Company. 
 18. Governing Plan Document . Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Your Award (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 19. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans . The value of the Award subject to this Award Agreement will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating benefits under any employee benefit plan (other than the Plan) sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any or all of the employee benefit plans of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 20. Choice of Law . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Award Agreement will be governed by the law of the State of Delaware without regard to that state s conflicts of laws rules. 
 21. Severability . If all or any part of this Award Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 22. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt of and the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s insider trading policy permitting directors and employees to sell shares only during certain window periods, in effect from time to time. 
 23. Amendment . This Award Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Award Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Award Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment materially adversely affecting your rights 
 8 

hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Award Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change will be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein. 
 24. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to comply with the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and if you are a Specified Employee (within the meaning set forth in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) as of the date of your separation from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder), then the issuance of any shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of the separation from service or within the first six (6) months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the earlier of (i) the fifth business day following your death, or (ii) the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of the separation from service, with the balance of the shares issued thereafter in accordance with the original vesting and issuance schedule set forth above, but if and only if such delay in the issuance of the shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of adverse taxation on you in respect of the shares under Section 409A of the Code. Each installment of shares that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 25. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of stock. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 26. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and that such online or electronic participation shall have the same force and effect as documentation executed in written form. 
 27. Language . If you have received this Award Agreement, or any other document related to the Award and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 28. Country Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Award grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to this Award Agreement for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 29. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any shares of stock acquired upon vesting of the Award, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 This Award Agreement will be deemed to be signed by the Company and the Participant upon the signing or electronic acceptance by the Participant of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice to which it is attached. 
 
 9 

APPENDIX A 
 MONGODB, INC. 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD AGREEMENT (RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS) 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside in one of the countries listed below. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or the Award Agreement. 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that the Award vests or you sell shares acquired under the Plan. In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure a particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 
 ARGENTINA 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information 
 You understand that neither the Awards nor the shares are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. Therefore the offer of the Awards does not constitute a public offering as defined under Argentinian law. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentinian governmental authority. 
 Exchange Control Information 
 If you transfer proceeds from the sale of shares and any cash dividends into Argentina, you may be subject to certain restrictions, including mandatory deposits. The Argentinian bank handling the transaction may request certain documentation in connection with the request to transfer sale proceeds into Argentina (e.g., evidence of the sale, proof of the source of the funds used to purchase the shares, etc.). You are solely responsible for complying with the exchange control rules that may apply to you in connection with your participation in the Plan and or transfer of proceeds from the sale of shares or receipt of dividends acquired under the Plan into Argentina. Prior to transferring funds into or out of Argentina, you should consult your local bank and or exchange control advisor to confirm what will be required by the bank because interpretations of the applicable Central Bank regulations vary by bank and exchange control rules and regulations are subject to change without notice. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Argentinian residents must report any shares acquired under the Plan and held by the resident on December 31 of each year on their annual tax return for that year. 
 AUSTRALIA 
 Securities Law Information 
 The offering and resale of shares acquired under the Plan to a person or entity resident in Australia may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. You should obtain legal advice regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. 
 Offer of Stock Awards 
 The Board, in its absolute discretion, may make a written offer to an eligible person who is an Australian Resident (each such offeree being referred to in this Appendix A as a Participant it chooses to accept an Award. 
 10 

The offer shall specify the maximum number of shares subject to an Award which you may accept, the Date of Grant, the Expiration Date, the vesting conditions (if any), any applicable holding period and any disposal restrictions attaching to the Award or the resultant Common Stock (all of which may be set by the Board in its absolute discretion). 
 The offer is intended to receive tax deferred treatment under Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997(Cth). The conditions to receive such treatment are contained in this Appendix A. 
 The offer shall be accompanied by an acceptance form and a copy of the Plan and this Appendix A or, alternatively, details on how you may obtain a copy of the Plan and this Appendix A. 
 Grant of Awards 
 If you validly accept the Board s offer of an Award, the Board must grant you an Award for the number of shares for which the Award was accepted. However, the Board must not do so if you have ceased to be an eligible person at the date when the Award is to be granted or the Company is otherwise prohibited from doing so under the Corporations Act 2001(Cth) (the Corporations Act without a disclosure document, product disclosure statement or similar document. 
 The Company must provide an Award Agreement in respect of the Award granted to the Participant to be executed by the Participant as soon as practicable after the date of grant. 
 Awards granted to Participants under this Appendix A that are Options must not have an Expiration Date exceeding fifteen (15) years from the Date of Grant. 
 Tax Deferred Treatment 
 Ordinary shares . Awards issued to a Participant under this Appendix A must relate to ordinary shares. For the purpose of this Appendix A, ordinary shares shall be defined in accordance with its ordinary meaning under Australian law. 
 Predominant business of the Company . Awards must not be issued to Participants where those Awards relate to Restricted Stock Units or shares in a company that has a predominant business of the acquisition, sale or holding of shares, securities or other investments. 
 Real risk of forfeiture . Awards that are Restricted Stock Units issued to a Participant under this Appendix A must have a real risk of forfeiture, the Vesting conditions by which this risk is achieved is to be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion. 
 10 limit on shareholding and voting power . Immediately after you acquire the Awards, you must not (i) hold a beneficial interest in more than 10 of the shares in the Company or (ii) be in a position to cast, or control the casting of, more than 10 of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Company. For the purposes of these thresholds, Awards that are Restricted Stock Units are treated as if they have been exercised and converted into Common Stock. 
 AUSTRIA 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Austria. 
 Consumer Protection Information 
 You may be entitled to revoke the Award Agreement on the basis of the Austrian Consumer Protection Act (the Act under the conditions listed below, if the Act is considered to be applicable to this Award Agreement and the Plan 
 (i) The revocation must be made within one week after the acceptance of the Award Agreement. 
 (ii) The revocation must be in written form to be valid. It is sufficient if you return the Award Agreement to the Company or the Company s representative with language that can be understood as your refusal to conclude or honor the Award Agreement, provided the revocation is sent within the period discussed above. 
 11 

Exchange Control Information 
 If you hold securities (including shares acquired under the Plan) or cash (including proceeds from the sale of shares and any cash dividends) outside of Austria (even if you hold them outside of Austria at a branch of an Austrian bank), you may be required to report certain information to the Austrian National Bank if certain thresholds are exceeded. You are encouraged to consult your personal legal or tax advisor to understand how these rules apply to your particular situation. 
 BELGIUM 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of this Award under the Plan is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Belgium. 
 Tax Withholding 
 Your employer is generally required to withhold income taxes or social insurances, as applicable, for the grant of this Award under the Plan. 
 BRAZIL 
 Nature of Grant 
 The following provisions supplement Section 17 of this Award Agreement. 
 By accepting this Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that (i) you are making an investment decision, (ii) you will be entitled to vest in this Award, and receive shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Award, only if the vesting conditions are met and any necessary services are rendered by you between the grant date and the vesting date(s), and (iii) the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease without compensation to you. 
 Compliance with Law 
 By accepting this Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting and settlement of the Award, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Exchange Control Information 
 If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil, including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights equals or exceeds US 100,000. Foreign individuals holding Brazilian visas are considered Brazilian residents for purposes of this reporting requirement and must declare at least the assets held abroad that were acquired subsequent to the date of admittance as a resident of Brazil. 
 Tax on Financial Transaction 
 If you repatriate the proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock or receipt of any cash dividends and convert the funds into local currency, you may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your responsibility to pay any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from participation in the Plan. You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 BULGARIA 
 Foreign Exchange Notice 
 Foreign brokerage account balances in excess of BGN 50,000 on each December 31st must be reported to the Bulgarian National Bank by March 31st of the following calendar year. Moreover, for payments equal to or exceeding BGN 5,000, a statistical form must be submitted to the commercial bank handling the transaction. 
 12 

Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of the Award is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under current rules as implemented in Bulgaria. 
 CANADA 
 Data Privacy 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Award Agreement 
 You hereby authorize the Company and its representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliates and any stock plan service provider that may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliates to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 Language Consent 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Consentement relatif la langue utilis e 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig que cette convention Agreement soit r dig e en anglais, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, x cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement la pr sente. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Canadian residents are required to report any foreign property (e.g., shares of stock acquired under the Plan and possibly unvested Restricted Stock Units) on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of their foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year, although the reporting requirements have been simplified if the cost is less than C 250,000. It is your responsibility to comply with these reporting obligations, and you should consult your own personal tax advisor in this regard. 
 Share Settlement of Award 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, Restricted Stock Units granted to Canadian Participants shall only be settled in shares of stock and shall not be settled in cash. 
 DENMARK 
 Securities Disclosure 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under current rules as implemented in Denmark. 
 Labor Employment 
 IMPORTANT STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 3(1) OF THE ACT ON STOCK OPTIONS 
 Pursuant to Section 3(1) of the Act on Stock Options in employment relations (the Stock Option Act ), you are entitled to receive information regarding the Plan in a separate written statement in Danish. 
 The full statement containing the information about your rights under the Plan and the Stock Option Act is attached as a separate written statement to this Award Agreement. 
 Taxation 
 The participation in the Plan is covered by the Danish Tax Assessment Act section 7P. The tax treatment is intended to be accordingly beneficial to the extent provided under law. 
 13 

FINLAND 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Finland. 
 FRANCE 
 Awards Not Tax-Qualified 
 The Award is not intended to be a tax-qualified or tax-preferred award, including without limitation, under Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-6 of the French Commercial Code. You are encouraged to consult with a personal tax advisor to understand the tax and social insurance implications of the Award. 
 Tax Withholding 
 As from January 1, 2019, vesting of the Award will give rise to income tax withholding in France. 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in France. 
 Foreign Asset Account Information 
 You may hold shares of stock acquired upon vesting of the Award, any proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of stock or any dividends paid on such shares of stock outside of France, provided you declare all foreign bank and brokerage accounts (including any accounts that were opened or closed during the tax year) with your annual income tax return. Failure to complete this reporting may trigger penalties. 
 GERMANY 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Germany. 
 Exchange Control Information 
 Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In the event that you make or receive a payment in excess of this amount, you are required to report the payment to Bundesbank electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available via Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de). 
 HONG KONG 
 Securities Law Notice 
 WARNING The Award and the shares of stock covered by the option do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates participating in the Plan. You should be aware that the contents of the Award Agreement have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. Nor have the documents been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The option is intended only for your personal use and may not be distributed to any other person. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the Award Agreement, including this Appendix, or the Plan, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
 Sale of Shares 
 Any shares of stock received at vesting of the Award are accepted as a personal investment. In the event that any portion of this Award vests within six months of the grant date, you agree that you will not offer to the public or otherwise dispose of the shares of stock acquired prior to the six-month anniversary of the grant date. 
 14 

Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance Alert 
 The Company specifically intends that neither the Award nor the Plan will be considered or deemed an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). 
 INDIA 
 Exchange Control Information 
 You must repatriate to India all funds resulting from the sale of shares of stock within 90 days and all proceeds from the receipt of any dividends within 180 days. You will receive a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposits the foreign currency. You should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event that the Reserve Bank of India or your employer requests proof of repatriation. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 You are required to declare in your annual tax return your foreign financial assets (including shares of stock) and any foreign bank accounts. You understand that it is your responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and are advised to confer with a personal tax advisor in this regard. 
 IRELAND 
 Taxation General 
 The tax and social security consequences of participating in the Plan are based on complex tax and social security laws, which may be subject to varying interpretations, and the application of such laws may depend, in large part, on the surrounding facts and circumstances. Therefore, we recommend that you consult with your own tax advisor regularly to determine the consequences of taking or not taking any action concerning their participation in the Plan and to determine how the tax, social security or other laws in Ireland (or elsewhere) apply to your specific situation. 
 Tax Withholding 
 The references in the Plan and in the Award Agreement, and in particular Clause 8(h) (Miscellaneous) of the Plan and Clauses 11 (Withholding Obligations) and 12 (Tax Consequences) of the Award Agreement, to tax or taxes includes any and all taxes, charges, levies and contributions in Ireland or elsewhere, to include, in particular, income tax (PAYE), Universal Social Charge (USC) and Pay Related Social Insurance (PRSI) Taxes ). 
 Tax indemnity 
 The Participant shall be accountable for any Taxes, which are chargeable on any assessable income deriving from the grant, vesting of, or other dealing in Awards or Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award. The Company shall not become liable for any Taxes, as a result of your participation in the Plan. In respect of such assessable income, the Participant shall indemnify the Company and (at the direction of the Company) any Affiliate, which is or may be treated as the employer you in respect of the Taxes (the Tax Liabilities ). 
 Pursuant to the indemnity referred to in the preceding paragraph, where necessary, you shall make such arrangements, as the Company requires to meet the cost of the Tax Liabilities, including at the direction of the Company any of the following 
 i. making a cash payment of an appropriate amount to the relevant company whether by cheque, banker's draft or deduction from salary in time to enable the Company to remit such amount to the Irish Revenue Commissioners before the 14th day following the end of the month in which the event giving rise to the Tax Liabilities occurred or 
 ii. appointing the Company as agent and or attorney for the sale of sufficient Common Stock, acquired pursuant to the grant, exercise, purchase, vesting or other dealing in Awards, or Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award to cover the Tax Liabilities and authorizing the payment to the relevant company of the appropriate amount (including all reasonable fees, commissions and expenses incurred by the relevant company in relation to such sale) out of the net proceeds of sale of the Common Stock. 
 15 

Company Law - Notification Obligation 
 If you are a director, shadow director or secretary of any Irish subsidiary of the Company, you are required to notify the Irish subsidiary in writing within five or eight days, depending on the circumstances involved, if you hold an interest in, or receive or dispose of an interest in the Company (which includes Restricted Stock Units). This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a person s spouse, civil partner or children under the age of 18 (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). Where the shares or the stock options held amount to an interest in less than 1 of the nominal value of the Company s issued voting share capital, or do not carry the right to vote at the Company s general meetings, disclosure is not required. This exemption also applies to company secretaries. 
 Securities Law 
 The grant of the Award is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Ireland. 
 Employment 
 You acknowledge that your terms of employment shall not be affected in any way by your participation of the Plan, which shall not form part of such terms (either expressly or impliedly). You acknowledge that your participation in the Plan shall be subject at all times to the rules of the Plan as may be amended from time to time (including, but not limited to, any claw back provisions). If on termination of your employment (whether lawfully, unlawfully, or in breach of contract) you lose any rights or benefits under the Plan (including any rights or benefits which you would not have lost had your employment not been terminated), you hereby acknowledge that you shall be entitled to (and hereby waive) any compensation for the loss of any rights or benefits under the Plan, or any replacement or successor plan. 
 The Plan is entirely discretionary and may be suspended or terminated by the Board at a time for any reason. Participation in the Plan is entirely discretionary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options or benefits in lieu of options. All determinations with respect to future options will be at the entire discretion of the Board. Rights under the Plan are not pensionable. 
 ISRAEL 
 Restricted Stock Units granted to employees of the Israeli subsidiary of the Company will be subject to the provisions of the Plan and the Appendix for Israeli Participants. Restricted Stock Units are meant to be granted under the trustee capital gains route pursuant to section 102(b)(2) and 102(b)(3) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance New Version 1961 Section 102 ). Definitions not contained herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Appendix for Israeli Participants. In the event of any conflict, whether explicit or implied, between the provision of the Award Agreement and the Israeli Appendix, the provisions set out in the Israeli Appendix shall prevail. 
 In addition to the declarations included in the Grant Notice and the Award Agreement above, by accepting the grant of the Award (i) you authorize the Company to provide the Trustee with any information required for the purpose of administering the Plan including executing its obligations according to Section 102, the trust deed and the trust agreement, including without limitation information about your Restricted Stock Units, income tax rates, salary bank account, contact details and identification number, (ii) you agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Board upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Award Agreement, (iii) you are familiar with Section 102 and the regulations and rules promulgated thereunder, including without limitations the provisions of the applicable tax route, and agree to comply with such provisions, as amended from time to time, provided that if such terms are not met, Section 102 may not apply or I may be subject to tax at higher rates, (iv) you agree to the terms and conditions of the trust deed signed between the Trustee and the Company and or the applicable Affiliate, including but not limited to the control of the Restricted Stock Units and Common Stock by the Trustee, (v) you acknowledge that releasing the Common Stock from the control of the Trustee prior to the termination of the Holding Period constitutes a violation of the terms of Section 102 and agree to bear the relevant sanctions. 
 Trust 
 The Restricted Stock Units and the Common Stock issued upon vesting or otherwise and or any additional rights, including without limitation any right to receive any dividends or any shares received as a result of an adjustment made under the Plan, that may be granted in connection with the Restricted Stock Units (the Additional Rights shall be issued to or controlled by the Trustee for your benefit under the provisions of Section 102 pursuant to the capital gains route for at least the period stated in Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Income Tax Rules (Tax Benefits in Share Issuance to Employees) 5763-2003 (the Rules ). In the event the Restricted Stock Units or 
 16 

underlying shares of Common Stock do not meet the requirements of Section 102, such Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares of Common Stock shall not qualify for the favorable tax treatment under the Capital Gains Route of Section 102. The Company makes no representations or guarantees that the Restricted Stock Units will qualify for favorable tax treatment and will not be liable or responsible if favorable tax treatment is not available under Section 102. Any fees associated with any vesting, sale, transfer or any act in relation to the Restricted Stock Units shall be borne by you and the Trustee and or the Company and or any Affiliate shall be entitled to withhold or deduct such fees from payments otherwise due to from the Company or an Affiliate or the Trustee. In accordance with the requirements of Section 102 and the Capital Gains Route, you shall not sell nor transfer the shares of Common Stock or Additional Rights from the Trustee until the end of the required Holding Period. Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale or transfer occurs before the end of the required Holding Period, the sanctions under Section 102 shall apply to and shall be borne by you. 
 Tax 
 Any and all taxes due in relation to the Restricted Stock Units and Common Stock, shall be borne solely by you. The Company and or any Affiliate and or the Trustee shall withhold taxes according to the requirements under the applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including withholding taxes at source. Furthermore, you hereby agree to indemnify the Company and or any Affiliate and or the Trustee and hold them harmless against and from any and all liability for any such tax or interest or penalty thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to the necessity to withhold, or to have withheld, any such tax from any payment made to you. The Company and or any Affiliate and or the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, shall have the right to deduct from any payment otherwise due to you or from proceeds of the sale of the Common Stock, an amount equal to any Taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the Common Stock. You will pay to the Company, any subsidiary or the Trustee any amount of taxes that the Company or any Affiliate or the Trustee may be required to withhold with respect to the Common Stock that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver the Common Stock if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the taxes as described in this section. The tax treatment of any Restricted Stock Units not guaranteed and although a Restricted Stock Unit may be granted under a certain tax route, they may become subject to a different tax route in the future. 
 ITALY 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 If you are an Italian resident who, at any time during the fiscal year, holds foreign financial assets (including cash and shares of stock) which may generate taxable income in Italy, you are required to report these assets on your annual tax return for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations also apply if you are the beneficial owner of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of the options is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Italy. 
 JAPAN 
 Foreign Exchange 
 Under certain circumstance, you may be required to file a report with the Ministry of Finance if you intend to acquire shares of stock whose value exceeds a certain amount. The reporting, if required, is due within 20 days from the acquisition of the shares of stock (however, if you acquires such shares of stock through a securities company in Japan, such requirement will not be imposed). The reporting requirements vary depending on whether the relevant payment is made through a bank in Japan. 
 You are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the exchange control regulations, tax or other laws in your country apply to your specific situation. Laws and regulations change frequently and occasionally on a retroactive basis. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Japanese residents holding assets outside of Japan with a total net fair market value exceeding the legally designated amount (currently 50 million) are required to comply with annual tax reporting obligations with respect to such assets. You are advised to consult with a personal tax advisor to ensure that you are properly complying with applicable reporting requirements. 
 17 

Securities Law Information 
 The Award and the shares of stock have not been registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the FIEA ). The Award and the shares of stock issuable upon the vesting of Award may not be offered or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used herein, the term resident of Japan means any natural person having his or her place of domicile or residence in Japan, or any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan or having its main office in Japan. 
 KOREA 
 Foreign Assets Reporting Information 
 Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts (e.g., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 1 billion (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). You should consult your personal tax advisor to determine how to value your foreign accounts for purposes of this reporting requirement and whether you are required to file a report with respect to such accounts. 
 MEXICO 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 These provisions supplement Section 17 of the Award Agreement 
 Modification . By accepting the Award, you understand and agree that any modification of the Plan or the Award Agreement or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 Policy Statement . The grant of the Award made under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend it and discontinue it at any time without any liability. 
 The Company with registered offices at 229 W. 43rd Street, 5th floor, NY, NY, 10036, United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and participation in the Plan and the acquisition of shares of stock does not, in any way, establish an employment relationship between you and the Company since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is the Company s Mexican Affiliate, nor does it establish any rights between you and your employer. 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment 
 By accepting the grant of Award, you acknowledge that you have received copies of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. 
 In addition, by signing the Award Agreement, you further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions in Section 11 of the Award Agreement Nature of Grant ), in which the following is clearly described and established (i) participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary and (iv) none of the Affiliates or the Company is responsible for any decrease in the value of the shares of stock underlying the options. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages as a result of your participation in the Plan and therefore grant a full and broad release to the employer, the Company and any Affiliates with respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 Prohibition Against Insider Trading 
 You should be aware of the Dutch insider trading rules, which may affect the sale of shares acquired under the Plan. In particular, you may be prohibited from effecting certain share transactions if you have insider information 
 18 

regarding the Company. Below is a discussion of the applicable restrictions. You are advised to read the discussion carefully to determine whether the insider rules could apply to you. If it is uncertain whether the insider rules apply, the Company recommends that you consult with a legal advisor. The Company cannot be held liable if you violate the Dutch insider trading rules. You are responsible for ensuring your compliance with these rules. 
 Dutch securities laws prohibit insider trading. As of 3 July 2016, the European Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), is applicable in the Netherlands. For further information, Participant is referred to the website of the Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) https www.afm.nl en professionals onderwerpen marktmisbruik. 
 Given the broad scope of the definition of inside information, certain employees of the Company working at its Dutch Affiliate may have inside information and thus are prohibited from making a transaction in securities in the Netherlands at a time when they have such inside information. By entering into this Award Agreement and participating in the Plan, you acknowledge having read and understood the notification above and acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with the Dutch insider trading rules, as discussed herein. 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of the Award is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in the Netherlands. 
 POLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of Award under the Plan is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Poland. 
 Exchange Control Information 
 If you hold foreign securities (including shares of Common Stock) and maintain accounts abroad, you may be required to file certain reports with the National Bank of Poland. Specifically, if the value of securities and cash held in such foreign accounts exceeds PLN 7 million, you must file reports on the transactions and balances of the accounts on a quarterly basis. Further, any fund transfers in excess of 15,000 (or PLN 15,000 if such transfer of funds is connected with business activity of an entrepreneur) into or out of Poland must be effected through a bank in Poland. Polish residents are required to store all documents related to foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years. 
 Employment 
 In order to meet the requirements of the Plan you shall authorize your employer 
 i. to make relevant deductions from your remuneration, 
 ii. to notify the Company about events relevant for your right to continue to participate in the Plan. 
 PORTUGAL 
 Exchange Control 
 If you receive shares upon vesting of the Award, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal. 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of the Award is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under EU Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Portugal. 
 19 

SINGAPORE 
 Securities Law Information 
 The grant of the Award is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Singapore Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that the Award is subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale in Singapore of the shares acquired through the vesting of the Award or any offer of such sale in Singapore unless such sale or offer is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 Director Notification Obligation 
 If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest (e.g., restricted stock units or share of stock) in the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell shares of the Company or any Affiliate (including when you sell shares acquired through the vesting of Award). These notifications must be made within two business days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, a notification must be made of your interests in the Company or any Affiliate within two business days of becoming a director. 
 SPAIN 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Award Agreement 
 In accepting the Award, you consent to participate in the Plan and acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan. 
 You understand and agree that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and discretionally decided to grant the Award under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company and any Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliates, over and above the specific terms of the Plan. Consequently, you understand that the Award is granted on the assumption and condition that the Award and any shares of stock issued upon vesting of the Award are not part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that the Award would not be granted to you but for the assumptions and conditions referred to herein thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then the grant of the Award and any right to the Award shall be null and void. 
 Further, the vesting of the Award is expressly conditioned on your continued employment, such that upon termination of employment, the Award may cease vesting immediately, effective on the date of your termination of employment (unless otherwise specifically provided in the Award Agreement and or the Plan). In particular, you understand and agree that any non-vested Awards as of the date you are no longer actively employed or in service (unless otherwise specifically provided in the Award Agreement and or the Plan) will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of termination of your employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of the Award is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Spain. The grant of the Award and the shares of stock issued pursuant to the vesting of the Award are considered a private placement outside the scope of Spanish laws on public offerings and issuances of securities. Neither the Plan nor the Award Agreement have been registered with the Comisi n National del Mercado de Valores and do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 20 

Exchange Control Information 
 The acquisition, ownership and disposition of shares of Stock and must be declared for statistical purposes to the Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the DGCI ), which is a department of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness. If you acquire shares of stock through the use of a Spanish financial institution, that institution will automatically make the declaration to the DGCI for you otherwise, you will be required make the declaration by filing the appropriate form with the DGCI. Generally, the declaration must be made in January for shares of Stock owned as of December 31 of the prior year however, if the value of shares of stock acquired or sold exceeds a designated threshold (or you hold 10 or more of the capital of the Company or such other amount that would entitle you to join the Company s board of directors), the declaration must be filed within one (1) month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 To the extent you hold rights or assets outside of Spain with a value in excess of 50,000 per type of right or asset (e.g., shares of stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31 each year, such resident will be required to report information on such rights and assets on your annual tax return for such year. After such rights and assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000. 
 Further, you will be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the securities (including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan) held in such accounts if the value of the transactions for all such accounts during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year exceed 1,000,000. 
 Further, you are required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including shares of stock acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of cash or shares of stock made to you under the Plan) if the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year, exceed 1,000,000. 
 SWEDEN 
 Securities Disclosure 
 Your participation in the Plan and the grant of the Award are exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Sweden. 
 Exchange Control 
 You understand and agree that foreign and local banks or financial institutions (including brokers) engaged in cross-border transactions generally may be required to report any payments to or from a foreign country exceeding a certain amount to The National Tax Board, which receives the information on behalf of the Swedish Central Bank (Sw.Riksbanken). This requirement may apply even if you have a brokerage account with a foreign broker. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Securities Law Notification 
 The grant of the Award is considered a private offering and therefore is not subject to securities registration in Switzerland. 
 TAIWAN 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 Neither the Plan nor the Award are registered in Taiwan with the Securities and Futures Bureau or subject to the securities laws of Taiwan. 
 21 

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 Securities Law Information 
 Participation in the Plan is being offered only to selected recipients and is in the nature of providing equity incentives to recipients in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Award Agreement are intended for distribution only to such recipients and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. 
 If you do not understand the contents of the Plan and the Award Agreement, you should consult an authorized financial adviser. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and the Dubai Financial Services Authority have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Award Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 The grant of the Award is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in the UK. 
 This Award Agreement is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of section 85(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 FSMA and no offer of transferable securities to the public (for the purposes of section 102B of FSMA) is being made in connection with the Plan. The Plan and the Award s are exclusively available in the UK to bona fide employees and former employees and any other UK Subsidiary. 
 22 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 mdb-13123x10kxex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of MongoDB, Inc. 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction MongoDB Limited Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 mdb-13123x10kxex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-221028, 333-224058, 333-230661, 333-237570, 333-254592 and 333-263701) and Form S-3 (No. 333-257514) of MongoDB, Inc. of our report dated March 17, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10 K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 mdb-13123x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
 Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Dev Ittycheria, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MongoDB, Inc. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 17, 2023 By s Dev Ittycheria Name Dev Ittycheria Title President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 mdb-13123x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
 Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael Gordon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MongoDB, Inc. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 17, 2023 By s Michael Gordon Name Michael Gordon Title Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 mdb-13123x10kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dev Ittycheria, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MongoDB, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MongoDB, Inc. 
 
 Date March 17, 2023 By s Dev Ittycheria Name Dev Ittycheria Title President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of MongoDB, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 mdb-13123x10kxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael Gordon, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MongoDB, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MongoDB, Inc. 
 
 Date March 17, 2023 By s Michael Gordon Name Michael Gordon Title Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of MongoDB, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mdb-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mdb-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mdb-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mdb-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mdb-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

