<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_22356_0000022356-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32869358</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410993</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3838507</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14350935</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6918911</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6669579</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000022356-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222164047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000022356-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		173
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMERCE BANCSHARES INC /MO/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000022356
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				430889454
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36502
		FILM NUMBER:		23653918

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WALNUT
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8162342000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 419248
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64141-6248

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000022356-23-000017.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 cbsh-20221231.htm
 10-K

cbsh-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of class 
 Trading symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately . 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were shares of Registrant s 5 Par Value Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Form 10-K INDEX Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1a. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1b. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. 
 RESERVED 
 18 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7a. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 141 
 Item 9a. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 141 
 Item 9b. 
 Other Information 
 143 
 Item 9c. 
 Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 143 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 143 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 143 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 143 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 143 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 143 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 144 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 146 
 Signatures 
 147 

2 

Table of Conte nts 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc., a bank holding company as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, was incorporated under the laws of Missouri on August 4, 1966. Through a second tier wholly-owned bank holding company, it owns all the outstanding capital stock of Commerce Bank (the Bank ), which is headquartered in Missouri. The Bank engages in general banking business, providing a broad range of retail, mortgage banking, corporate, investment, trust, and asset management products and services to individuals and businesses. Commerce Bancshares, Inc. also owns, directly or through the Bank, various non-banking subsidiaries. Their activities include private equity investment, securities brokerage, insurance agency, specialty lending, and leasing activities. A list of Commerce Bancshares, Inc.'s subsidiaries is included as Exhibit 21. 
 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company") is one of the nation s top 50 bank holding companies, based on asset size. At December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated assets of 31.9 billion, loans of 16.3 billion, deposits of 26.2 billion, and equity of 2.5 billion. The Company's principal markets, which are served by 148 branch facilities, are located throughout Missouri, Kansas, and central Illinois, as well as Tulsa and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Denver, Colorado. Its two largest markets are St. Louis and Kansas City, which serve as central hubs for the Company. The Company also has offices in Dallas, Houston, Cincinnati, Nashville, Des Moines, Indianapolis, and Grand Rapids that support customers in its commercial and/or wealth segments and operates a commercial payments business with sales representatives covering the continental United States of America U.S. ). 
 
 The Company s goal is to be the preferred provider of financial services in its communities, based on strong customer relationships built through providing top quality service with a strong risk management culture, and employing a strong balance sheet with strong capital levels. The Company operates under a super-community banking format which incorporates large bank product offerings coupled with deep local market knowledge, augmented by experienced, centralized support in select, critical areas. The Company s focus on local markets is supported by an experienced team of bankers assigned to each market coupled with industry specialists. The Company also uses regional advisory boards, comprised of local business leaders, professionals and other community representatives, who assist the Company in responding to local banking needs. In addition to this local market, community-based focus, the Company offers sophisticated financial products usually only available at much larger financial institutions. 
 
 The markets the Bank serves are mainly located in the lower Midwest, which provides natural sites for production and distribution facilities and serve as transportation hubs. The economy has been well-diversified in these markets with many major industries represented, including telecommunications, automobile, technology, financial services, aircraft and general manufacturing, health care, numerous service industries, and food and agricultural production. The personal real estate lending operations of the Bank are predominantly centered in its lower Midwestern markets. 
 
 From time to time, the Company evaluates the potential acquisition of various financial institutions. In addition, the Company regularly considers the purchase and disposition of real estate assets and branch locations. The Company seeks merger or acquisition partners that are culturally similar, have experienced management and either possess significant market presence or have potential for improved profitability through financial management, economies of scale and expanded services. The Company has not completed any bank acquisitions since 2013. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 The Company employed 4,447 persons on a full-time basis and 151 persons on a part-time basis at December 31, 2022. None of the Company's employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Attracting and retaining talented team members is key to the Company s ability to execute its strategy and compete effectively. The Company values the unique combination of talents and experiences each team member contributes toward the Company s success and strives to offer rewards that meet team members individual, evolving needs. Well-being is much more than a paycheck and that s why the Company takes a comprehensive approach to Total Rewards, supporting team members physical well-being, financial well-being, and emotional well-being and career development. The Company s financial well-being program includes a company-matching 401(k) plan and health savings accounts, educational and adoption assistance programs. Emotional well-being programs include paid time off, an employee assistance program (EAP) and company-paid membership to Care.com. Physical well-being is supported by the Company s health, dental, vision, life and various other insurances, and a wellness program that incentivizes team members to live a healthy and balanced lifestyle. Career development is also a key component of the Company s Total Rewards, and the Company has a variety of programs to support team members as they continue to grow within their current role or develop for their next role. Job shadowing, leadership 
 3 

Table of Conte nts 

 development programs, Aspiring Managers program, Managing at Commerce, competency assessments and education assistance are just a few of the ways the Company helps team members excel. 
 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company focused efforts on providing team members support and resources to navigate the ever-changing environment. Initiatives included routine communications providing relevant updates and information, resources for leaders to help keep their teams engaged and connected, new resources for working parents, and access to emotional support resources. The Company implemented a phased-in approach to returning to on-site work and created more flexible work categories for team members to provide for ongoing flexibility. While the most significant impacts of the pandemic appear to have passed, the Company continues to provide most of its team members flexible work schedules. 
 
 The Company believes diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) builds stronger companies with better results. In 2022, the Company s efforts continued around a key initiative focusing on DEI through the lens of our workforce, our suppliers, our community and our customers. Internal teams continue to iterate to build plans for growth in all four areas. The Company continues to build a sense of belonging by engaging team members in a variety of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) to support its diverse workforce. RISE (empowering women), EMERGE (connecting young professionals), VIBE (valuing multicultural perspectives), PRIDE (engaging the LGBTQIA+ community), and SALUTE (supporting veterans) are important forums that provide team members opportunities to connect, learn, and encourage diverse perspectives. Participation in these ERGs is voluntary, and more than 40 of team members belong to one of these groups. Other internal DEI efforts have included unconscious bias training, book clubs, listen, talk, and learn sessions, courageous conversation training, mentoring programs, and review of talent at all levels of the organization. The Company s longstanding approach of doing what s right continues to guide its focus on its team members and communities. 
 
 The Company s robust listening strategy allows it to stay connected to the team member experience to understand the evolving needs of its team members and to focus on what matters most to them. This strategy includes a balance of surveys, focus groups, and one on one conversations to allow for two-way conversation and provides trends over time by key demographics. The Company s goal is to create a sense of belonging which it believes is connected to high levels of engagement, enablement, retention, and results. The Company s intentional strategy has allowed it to maintain levels of engagement that have been recognized by its annual survey partner, Korn Ferry, for being best-in-class" and to be recognized by Forbes as one of the best mid-sized employers. 
 
 Competition 
 The Company operates in the highly competitive environment of financial services. The Company regularly faces competition from banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, trust companies, credit card companies, private equity firms, leasing companies, securities brokers and dealers, financial technology companies, e-commerce companies, investment management companies, and other companies providing financial services. Some of these competitors are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as domestic banks and bank holding companies. Some other competitors are significantly larger than the Company, and therefore have greater economies of scale, greater financial resources, higher lending limits, and may offer products and services that the Company does not provide. The Company competes by providing a broad offering of products and services to support the needs of customers, matched with a strong commitment to customer service. The Company also competes based on quality, innovation, convenience, reputation, industry knowledge, and price. In its two largest markets, the Company has approximately 12 of the deposit market share in Kansas City and approximately 8 of the deposit market share in St. Louis. 
 
 Operating Segments 
 The Company is managed in three operating segments: Commercial, Consumer, and Wealth. The Commercial segment provides a full array of corporate lending, merchant and commercial bank card products, payment solutions, leasing, and international services, as well as business and government deposit, investment, and cash management services. The Consumer segment includes the retail branch network, consumer installment lending, personal mortgage banking, and consumer debit and credit bank card activities. The Wealth segment provides traditional trust and estate planning services, brokerage services, and advisory and discretionary investment portfolio management services to both personal and institutional corporate customers. In 2022, the Commercial, Consumer and Wealth segments contributed 53 , 23 and 24 of total segment pre-tax income, respectively. See the section captioned "Operating Segments" in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis, of this report and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on operating segments. 
 
 Government Policies 
 The Company's operations are affected by federal and state legislative changes, by the U.S. government, and by policies of various regulatory authorities, including those of the numerous states in which they operate. These include, for example, the 
 4 

Table of Conte nts 

 statutory minimum legal lending rates, domestic monetary policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, U.S. fiscal policy, international currency regulations and monetary policies, the U.S. Patriot Act, and capital adequacy and liquidity constraints imposed by federal and state bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The following information summarizes existing laws and regulations that materially affect the Company's operations. It does not discuss all provisions of these laws and regulations, and it does not include all laws and regulations that affect the Company presently or may affect the Company in the future. 
 
 General 
 The Company, as a bank holding company, is primarily regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHC Act). Under the BHC Act, the Federal Reserve Board s prior approval is required in any case in which the Company proposes to acquire all or substantially all the assets of any bank, acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank, or merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. With certain exceptions, the BHC Act also prohibits the Company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares of any non-banking company. Under the BHC Act, the Company may not engage in any business other than managing and controlling banks or furnishing certain specified services to subsidiaries, and may not acquire voting control of non-banking companies unless the Federal Reserve Board determines such businesses and services to be closely related to banking. When reviewing bank acquisition applications for approval, the Federal Reserve Board considers, among other things, the Bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities it serves in accordance with the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (CRA). Under the terms of the CRA, banks have a continuing obligation, consistent with safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including providing credit to individuals residing in low- and moderate-income areas. The Bank has a current CRA rating of outstanding. 
 
 The Company is required to file various reports and additional information with the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board regularly performs examinations of the Company. The Bank is a state-chartered Federal Reserve member bank and is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and the Missouri Division of Finance. The Bank is also subject to regulation by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). In addition, there are numerous other federal and state laws and regulations which control the activities of the Company, including requirements and limitations relating to capital and reserve requirements, permissible investments and lines of business, transactions with affiliates, loan limits, mergers and acquisitions, issuance of securities, dividend payments, and extensions of credit. The Bank is subject to federal and state consumer protection laws, including laws designed to protect customers and promote fair lending. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and their respective state law counterparts. If the Company fails to comply with these or other applicable laws and regulations, it may be subject to civil monetary penalties, imposition of cease and desist orders or other written directives, removal of management and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties. This regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the preservation of the federal deposit insurance funds. Statutory and regulatory controls increase a bank holding company s cost of doing business and limit the options of its management to employ assets and maximize income. 
 
 In addition to its regulatory powers, the Federal Reserve Bank affects the conditions under which the Company operates by its influence over the national supply of bank credit. The Federal Reserve Board employs open market operations in U.S. government securities and oversees changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings, changes in the federal funds rate on overnight inter-bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements on bank deposits in implementing its monetary policy objectives. These methods are used in varying combinations to influence the overall level of the interest rates charged on loans and paid for deposits, the price of the dollar in foreign exchange markets, and the level of inflation. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions, most notably on the interest rate environment. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, as well as the effect of credit policies of monetary and fiscal authorities, the Company makes no prediction as to possible future changes in interest rates, deposit levels or loan demand, or their effect on the financial statements of the Company. 
 
 The financial industry operates under laws and regulations that are under regular review by various agencies and legislatures and are subject to change. The Company currently operates as a bank holding company, as defined by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act of 1999 (GLB Act), and the Bank qualifies as a financial subsidiary under the GLB Act, which allows it to engage in investment banking, insurance agency, brokerage, and underwriting activities that were not available to banks prior to the GLB Act. The GLB Act also included privacy provisions that limit banks abilities to disclose non-public information about customers to non-affiliated entities. 
 5 

Table of Conte nts 

 The Company must also comply with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA). The BSA is designed to help fight drug trafficking, money laundering, and other crimes. Compliance is monitored by the Federal Reserve. The BSA was enacted to prevent banks and other financial service providers from being used as intermediaries for, or to hide the transfer or deposit of money derived from, criminal activity. Since its passage, the BSA has been amended several times. These amendments include the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 which made money laundering a criminal act, as well as the Money Laundering Suppression Act of 1994 which required regulators to develop enhanced examination procedures and increased examiner training to improve the identification of money laundering schemes in financial institutions. 
 
 The USA PATRIOT Act, established in 2001, substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. The regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing. The regulations include significant penalties for non-compliance. 
 
 The Company is subject to regulation under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2011 (Dodd-Frank Act). Among its many provisions, the Dodd-Frank Act required stress-testing for certain financial services companies and established a new council of systemic risk regulators. The Dodd-Frank Act also established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) which is authorized to supervise certain financial services companies and has responsibility to implement, examine for compliance with, and enforce Federal consumer financial law. The Company is subject to examinations by the CFPB. The Dodd-Frank Act, through Title VI, commonly known as the Volcker Rule, placed trading restrictions on financial institutions and separated investment banking, private equity and proprietary trading (hedge fund) sections of financial institutions from their consumer lending arms. The Volcker Rule also restricts financial institutions from investing in and sponsoring certain types of investments. 
 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act was signed into law which provides a number of limited amendments to the Dodd-Frank Act. Notable provisions of the legislation include: an increase in the asset threshold from 50 billion to 250 billion, above which the Federal Reserve is required to apply enhanced prudential standards; an exemption from the Volcker Rule for insured depository institutions with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets; modifications to the Liquidity Coverage and Supplementary Leverage ratios; and the elimination of Dodd-Frank company-run stress tests for banks and bank holding companies with less than 250 billion in assets. Most of these provisions affect institutions larger than the Company, and the Company is not required to prepare stress testing as specified by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 Subsidiary Bank 
 Under Federal Reserve policy, the bank holding company, Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (the "Parent"), is expected to act as a source of financial strength to its bank subsidiary and to commit resources to support it in circumstances when it might not otherwise do so. In addition, loans by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 
 Deposit Insurance 
 Substantially all of the deposits held by the Bank are insured up to applicable limits (generally 250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category) by the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. In 2011, the FDIC released a final rule to implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that affected deposit insurance assessments. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act raised the minimum designated reserve ratio from 1.15 to 1.35 of estimated insured deposits, removed the upper limit of the designated reserve ratio, required that the designated reserve ratio reach 1.35 by September 30, 2020, and required the FDIC to offset the effect of increasing the minimum designated reserve ratio on depository institutions with total assets of less than 10 billion. The Dodd-Frank Act provided the FDIC flexibility in the implementation of the increase in the designated reserve ratio and also required that the FDIC redefine the assessment base to average consolidated assets minus average tangible equity. Due to growth in insured deposits during the first half of 2020, the DIF reserve ratio fell below statutory minimum of 1.35 on June 30, 2022. The FDIC Board of Directors adopted an Amended Restoration Plan in an effort to restore the reserve ratio to at least 1.35 by September 30, 2028. The FDIC Board also increased base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points, which takes effect on January 1, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's deposit insurance expense was 10.6 million. 
 
 6 

Table of Conte nts 

 Payment of Dividends 
 The Federal Reserve Board may prohibit the payment of cash dividends to shareholders by bank holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices. The principal source of the Parent's cash revenues is cash dividends paid by the Bank. The amount of dividends paid by the Bank in any calendar year is limited to the net profit of the current year combined with the retained net profits of the preceding two years, and permission must be obtained from the Federal Reserve Board for dividends exceeding these amounts. The payment of dividends by the Bank may also be affected by factors such as the maintenance of adequate capital. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 The Company is required to comply with the capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve, which are based on the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments. Capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to judgments by regulators regarding qualitative components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 A comprehensive capital framework was established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, which was effective for large and internationally active U.S. banks and bank holding companies on January 1, 2015. A key goal of the Basel III framework was to strengthen the capital resources of banking organizations during normal and challenging business environments. Basel III increased minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations. The rule includes a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. The capital conservation buffer is intended to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Failure to maintain the buffer will result in constraints on dividends, stock repurchases and executive compensation. The rule also adjusted the methodology for calculating risk-weighted assets to enhance risk sensitivity. At December 31, 2022, the Company's capital ratios are well in excess of those minimum ratios required by Basel III. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (FDICIA) requires each federal banking agency to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of insured depository institutions, including but not limited to those that fall below one or more prescribed minimum capital ratios. Pursuant to FDICIA, the FDIC promulgated regulations defining the following five categories in which an insured depository institution will be placed, based on the level of its capital ratios: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of FDICIA, an insured depository institution generally will be classified as well-capitalized (under the Basel III rules mentioned above) if it has a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8 , a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , a total capital ratio of at least 10 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5 . An institution that, based upon its capital levels, is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized, may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice warrants such treatment. At each successive lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, restrictions or prohibitions on payment of dividends, and restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if a bank is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the federal bank regulator, and the holding company must guarantee the performance of that plan. The Bank has consistently maintained regulatory capital ratios above the well-capitalized standards. 
 
 Stress Testing 
 As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company performed stress tests as specified by the Federal Reserve requirement and published results beginning in 2014 through 2017. On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act was enacted, which eliminated the required stress testing under the Dodd-Frank Act for banks with consolidated assets of less than 250 billion. The Company continues to perform periodic stress-testing based on its own internal criteria. 
 
 Executive and Incentive Compensation 
 Guidelines adopted by federal banking agencies prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice, and describe compensation as "excessive" when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. The Federal Reserve Board has issued comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies do not undermine safety and soundness by encouraging excessive risk taking. This guidance covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, based on key principles that (i) incentives do not 
 7 

Table of Conte nts 

 encourage risk-taking beyond the organization's ability to identify and manage risk, (ii) compensation arrangements are compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) compensation arrangements are supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective board oversight. Deficiencies in compensation practices may affect supervisory ratings and enforcement actions may be taken if incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to safety and soundness. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 The Federal Reserve Board regulates transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries. Generally, the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, limit the Company s banking subsidiary and its subsidiaries to lending and other covered transactions with affiliates. The aggregate amount of covered transactions a banking subsidiary or its subsidiaries may enter into with an affiliate may not exceed 10 of the capital stock and surplus of the banking subsidiary. The aggregate amount of covered transactions with all affiliates may not exceed 20 of the capital stock and surplus of the banking subsidiary. 
 
 Covered transactions with affiliates are also subject to collateralization requirements and must be conducted on arm s length terms. Covered transactions include (a) a loan or extension of credit by the banking subsidiary, including derivative contracts, (b) a purchase of securities issued to a banking subsidiary, (c) a purchase of assets by the banking subsidiary unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve, (d) acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate to the banking subsidiary as collateral for a loan, and (e) the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit by the banking subsidiary on behalf of an affiliate. 
 
 Certain transactions with the Company's directors, officers or controlling persons are also subject to conflicts of interest regulations. Among other things, these regulations require that loans to such persons and their related interests be made on terms substantially the same as for loans to unaffiliated individuals, and must not create an abnormal risk of repayment or other unfavorable features for the financial institution. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on loans to related parties. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Company s principal offices are located at 1000 Walnut Street, Kansas City, Missouri (telephone number 816-234-2000). The Company makes available free of charge, through its website at www.commercebank.com, reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing. Additionally, a copy of our electronically filed materials can be found at www.sec.gov. These filings include the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports. 

8 

Table of Conte nts 

 Item 1a. RISK FACTORS 
 Making or continuing an investment in securities issued by the Company, including its common stock, involves certain risks that you should carefully consider. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected, the market price for your securities could decline, and you could lose all or a part of your investment. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 Market Risks 
 Difficult market conditions may affect the Company s industry. 
 The concentration of the Company s banking business in the United States particularly exposes it to downturns in the U.S. economy. In particular, the Company may face the following risks in connection with market conditions: 
 In 2022, the United States economy saw an uneven year. Consumer spending and corporate profit growth were resilient despite high inflation, rising geopolitical tensions, and supply chain disruptions. The Federal Reserve responded to persistently high inflation by raising its benchmark interest rate in a series of hikes starting in March 2022 and continuing into 2023. While unemployment levels remained low during 2022, an increasing number of companies, especially in the technology sector, announced layoffs toward the end of 2022 and into 2023. The pace of inflation slowed late in 2022, but the probability of a looming recession appears to be growing, as many economists are now predicting a recession in 2023. 
 The U.S. economy is affected by global events and conditions, including U.S. trade disputes and renewed trade agreements with various countries. Although the Company does not directly hold foreign debt or have significant activities with foreign customers, the global economy, the strength of the U.S. dollar, international trade conditions, and oil prices may ultimately affect interest rates, business import/export activity, capital expenditures by businesses, and investor confidence. Unfavorable changes in these factors may result in declines in consumer credit usage, adverse changes in payment patterns, reduced loan demand, and higher loan delinquencies and default rates. These could impact the Company s future provision for credit losses, as a significant part of the Company s business includes consumer and credit card lending. 
 In addition to the results above, a slowdown in economic activity may cause declines in financial services activity, including declines in bank card, corporate cash management and other fee businesses, as well as the fees earned by the Company on such transactions. 
 The process used to estimate credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including consideration of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans. If an instance occurs that renders these predictions no longer capable of accurate estimation, this may in turn impact the reliability of the process. 
 Competition in the industry could intensify as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial services companies in connection with current market conditions, thereby reducing market prices for various products and services which could in turn reduce the Company s revenues. 
 
 The performance of the Company is dependent on the economic conditions of the markets in which the Company operates. 
 The Company s success is heavily influenced by the general economic conditions of the specific markets in which it operates. Unlike larger national or other regional banks that are more geographically diversified, the Company provides financial services primarily throughout the states of Missouri, Kansas, central Illinois, Oklahoma, and Colorado. It also has a growing presence in additional states through its commercial banking offices in: Texas, Iowa, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, and Tennessee. As the Company does not have a significant banking presence in other parts of the country, a prolonged economic downturn in these markets could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company operates in a highly competitive industry and market area. 
 The Company operates in the financial services industry and has numerous competitors including other banks and insurance companies, securities dealers, brokers, trust and investment companies, mortgage bankers, and financial technology companies. Consolidation among financial service providers and new changes in technology, product offerings and regulation continue to challenge the Company's marketplace position. As consolidation occurs, larger regional and national banks may enter the Company's markets and add to existing competition. Large, national financial institutions have substantial capital, technology and marketing resources. These new competitors may lower fees to grow market share, which could result in a loss of 
 9 

Table of Conte nts 

 customers and lower fee revenue for the Company. They may have greater access to capital at a lower cost than the Company, and may have higher loan limits, both of which may adversely affect the Company s ability to compete effectively. The Company must continue to make investments in its products and delivery systems to stay competitive with the industry, or its financial performance may suffer. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institution counterparties. Financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual funds, and other institutional clients. Transactions with these institutions include overnight and term borrowings, interest rate swap agreements, securities purchased and sold, short-term investments, and other such transactions. Because of this exposure, defaults by, or rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions or the financial services industry in general, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and defaults by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client, while other transactions expose the Company to liquidity risks should funding sources quickly disappear. In addition, the Company s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the exposure due to the Company. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 The Company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision. 
 As part of the financial services industry, the Company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds, and the banking system, not shareholders. These regulations affect the Company s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations, and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, or policies, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Company to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. 
 
 Significant changes in federal monetary policy could materially affect the Company s business. 
 The Federal Reserve System regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and interest rates earned on loans and paid on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. Credit conditions are influenced by its open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the member bank discount rate, and bank reserve requirements. Changes in Federal Reserve Board policies are beyond the Company s control and difficult to predict, and such changes may result in lower interest margins and a lack of demand for credit products. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Risks 
 The Company is subject to both interest rate and liquidity risk. 
 With oversight from its Asset-Liability Management Committee, the Company devotes substantial resources to monitoring its liquidity and interest rate risk on a monthly basis. The Company's net interest income is the largest source of overall revenue to the Company, representing 63 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The interest rate environment in which the Company operates fluctuates in response to general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, will influence loan originations, deposit generation, demand for investments and revenues and costs for earning assets and liabilities, and could significantly impact the Company s net interest income. 
 
 As the economy rebounded from the COVID-19 pandemic-induced recession, strong inflation in 2022 caused the Federal Reserve Board to significantly increase the benchmark interest rate from nearly zero to between 4.25 and 4.50 . Future economic conditions or other factors could shift monetary policy resulting in additional increases or decreases in the benchmark 
 10 

Table of Conte nts 

 rate. Furthermore, changes in interest rates could result in unanticipated changes to customer deposit balances and adversely affect the Company s liquidity position. 
 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. relies on dividends from its subsidiary bank for most of its revenue. 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. is a separate and distinct legal entity from its banking and other subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiary bank. These dividends, which are limited by various federal and state regulations, are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on its common stock and to meet its other cash needs. In the event the subsidiary bank is unable to pay dividends, the Company may not be able to pay dividends or other obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 The impact of the phase-out of LIBOR is uncertain. 
 In 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that LIBOR would likely be discontinued at the end of 2021 as panel banks would no longer be required to submit estimates that are used to construct LIBOR. U.S. regulatory authorities voiced similar support for phasing out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, LIBOR s regulator and its administrator announced that the publication of certain LIBOR tenors will cease immediately after December 31, 2021 and the remaining LIBOR tenors, including 1-month USD LIBOR, will cease immediately after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Rates Reference Committee (the ARRC ), a group of market participants convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the New York Fed to help ensure a successful transition from LIBOR, identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred alternative rate. 
 
 The Company established a LIBOR Transition Program, which is led by the LIBOR Transition Steering Committee (Committee) whose purpose is to guide the overall transition process for the Company. The Committee is an internal, cross-functional team with representatives from all relevant business lines, support functions and legal counsel. A LIBOR impact and risk assessment has been performed, and the Company has developed and prioritized action items. All of the Company's financial contracts that reference LIBOR have been identified, and LIBOR fallback language has been included in key loan provisions of new and renewed loans in preparation for the cessation of LIBOR. Significant progress has been made in converting loans that reference LIBOR to an alternative reference rate during 2022. Additionally, changes to the Company's systems to utilize alternative reference rates were completed in 2022. 
 
 The Company has loans, derivative contracts, and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR, mostly 1-month LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1.0 billion of commercial loans, 948 million of derivative contracts (notional value), and 691 million of investment securities that are expected to mature after June 30, 2023. These amounts are expected to decrease as the Company continues to work with customers to replace contracts that use LIBOR with alternative reference rates. The Company ceased entering any new loan contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate in December 2021. 
 
 The Company may be adversely affected if the interest rates currently tied to LIBOR on the Company's loans, derivatives, and other financial instruments are not able to be transitioned to an alternative rate. Furthermore, the Company may be faced with disputes or litigation with customers regarding interpretation and enforcement of fallback language used in loan agreements as the transition to a new benchmark rate continues to evolve. 
 
 The Company s asset valuation may include methodologies, models, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to asset valuations that may materially adversely affect its results of operations or financial condition. 
 The Company uses estimates, assumptions, and judgments when certain financial assets and liabilities are measured and reported at fair value. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in greater financial statement volatility. Fair values and the information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities are based on quoted market prices and/or other observable inputs provided by independent third-party sources, when available. When such third-party information is not available, fair value is estimated primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling techniques utilizing assumptions such as credit quality, liquidity, interest rates and other relevant inputs. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these areas could materially impact the Company s future financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if models used to calculate fair value of financial instruments are inadequate or inaccurate due to flaws in their design or execution, upon sale, the Company may not realize the cash flows of a financial instrument as modeled and could incur material, unexpected losses. 
 
 11 

Table of Conte nts 

 During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain assets if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the current financial environment. In such cases, certain asset valuations may require more subjectivity and management judgment. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation. Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of assets as reported within the Company s consolidated financial statements, and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The Company s operations rely on certain external vendors. 
 The Company relies on third-party vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain day-to-day operations. For example, the Company outsources a portion of its information systems, communication, data management, and transaction processing to third parties. Accordingly, the Company is exposed to the risk that these vendors might not perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements or service level agreements because of changes in the vendor s organizational structure, financial condition, support for existing products and services, or strategic focus. Such failure to perform could be disruptive to the Company s operations, which could have a materially adverse impact on its business, financial condition and results of operations. These third parties are also sources of risk associated with operational errors, system interruptions or breaches and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If the vendors encounter any of these issues, the Company could be exposed to disruption of service, damage to reputation and litigation. Because the Company is an issuer of both debit and credit cards, it is periodically exposed to losses related to security breaches which occur at retailers that are unaffiliated with the Company (e.g., customer card data being compromised at retail stores). These losses include, but are not limited to, costs and expenses for card reissuance as well as losses resulting from fraudulent card transactions. 
 
 Credit Risks 
 The allowance for credit losses may be insufficient or future credit losses could increase. 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments at December 31, 2022 reflect management's estimate of credit losses expected in the loan portfolio, including unfunded lending commitments, as of the balance sheet date. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements and the section captioned Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Liability for Unfunded Lending Commitments in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this report for further discussion related to the Company s process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company's estimate of credit losses utilizes a life of loan loss concept, and the level of the allowance is based on management s methodology that utilizes historical net charge-off rates and adjusts for the impacts in the reasonable and supportable forecast and other qualitative factors. Key assumptions include the application of historical loss rates, prepayment speeds, forecast results of a reasonable and supportable period, the period to revert to historical loss rates, and qualitative factors. The Company s allowance level is subject to review by regulatory agencies, and that review could also result in adjustments to the allowance for credit losses. Additionally, the volatility of the Company's provision for credit losses may change from year to year due to macroeconomic variables that influence the Company's loss estimates, and the volatility in credit losses may be material to the Company's earnings. 
 
 The Company s investment portfolio values may be adversely impacted by deterioration in the credit quality of underlying collateral within the various categories of investment securities it owns. 
 The Company generally invests in liquid, investment grade securities, however, these securities are subject to changes in market value due to changing interest rates and implied credit spreads. While the Company maintains prudent risk management practices over bonds issued by municipalities and other issuers, credit deterioration in these bonds could occur and result in losses. Certain mortgage and asset-backed securities (which are collateralized by residential mortgages, credit cards, automobiles, mobile homes or other assets) may decline in value due to actual or expected deterioration in the underlying collateral. Under accounting rules, when an available for sale debt security is in an unrealized loss position, the entire loss in fair value is required to be recognized in current earnings if the Company intends to sell the security or believes it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before the value recovers. Additionally, the current expected credit loss model (CECL) implemented by the Company on January 1, 2020, requires that lifetime expected credit losses on securities be recorded in current earnings. This could result in significant losses. 
 12 

Table of Conte nts 

 Strategic Risk 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject the Company to additional risk. 
 From time to time, the Company may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and new products or services, the Company may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business, or new product or service, could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of the Company s system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and new products or services could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Risks 
 A successful cyber attack or other computer system breach could significantly harm the Company, its reputation and its customers. 
 The Company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business, and as part of its business, the Company maintains significant amounts of data about its customers and the products they use. The Company s data is maintained on its own systems and on the systems of its vendors, business partners and third-party service providers. The Company relies on a layered system of security controls to secure collection, transmission, storage, and retrieval of data, including confidential data, in its computer systems and the systems of third parties. Information security risks continue to increase due to new technologies, the increasing use of the Internet and telecommunication technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, and others. The Company has faced security incidents, which have been minor in scope and impact, and it expects unauthorized parties to continue to attempt to gain access to its systems or information, as well as those of its business partners and service providers. The Company makes significant investments in various technology to identify and prevent intrusions into its information systems. The Company has policies, procedures and controls designed to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from security incidents. The Company also requires ongoing security awareness training for employees, hosts tabletop exercises to test response readiness, and performs regular audits using both internal and outside resources. However, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur, or if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. In addition to unauthorized access, denial-of-service attacks or other operational disruptions could prevent the Company from adequately serving customers. Should any of the Company's systems become compromised or customer information be obtained by unauthorized parties, the reputation of the Company could be damaged, relationships with existing customers may be impaired, and the Company could be subject to lawsuits, all of which could result in lost business and have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company continually encounters technological change. 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including the entrance of financial technology companies offering new financial service products. The Company regularly upgrades or replaces technological systems to increase efficiency, enhance product and service capabilities, eliminate risks of end-of-lifecycle products, reduce costs, and better serve our customers. During 2022, the Company replaced its core customer and deposit systems and other ancillary systems (collectively referred to as "core system"). While the conversion was completed successfully, the Company may face operational risks after the conversion, including disruptions to its technology systems, which may adversely impact customers. The Company s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Company s operations. Many of the Company s competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. The Company may encounter significant problems in effectively implementing new technology-driven products and services and may not be successful in marketing the new products and services to its customers. These problems might include significant time delays, cost overruns, loss of key people, and technological system failures. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry or failure to successfully complete the replacement of technological systems could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 13 

Table of Conte nts 

 The Company must attract and retain skilled employees. 
 The Company s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people can be intense, and the Company spends considerable time and resources attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified people for its various business lines and support units. Companies throughout the U.S. saw significant turnover during 2021 and into 2022, and the number of candidates in the job market was generally much lower than the demand for talent. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of the Company s key personnel could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business because of their skills, knowledge of the Company s market, and years of industry experience, as well as the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 
 Public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations and financial results. 
 The Company may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. A widespread healthcare crisis, such as an outbreak of a communicable disease could adversely affect the global economy and the Company s financial performance. For example, the global COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruption and harm to the economy and the financial markets in which the Company operates. 
 
 The situation surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain. While the U.S. economy has rebounded significantly since the peak of the pandemic-induced recession, fallout from economic and societal changes resulting from the pandemic may cause prolonged global or national recessionary economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. Beyond the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the potential impacts of future epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks of an illness, disease, or virus could therefore materially and adversely affect the Company's business, revenue, operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 Our business and financial results may be affected by societal and governmental responses to climate change and related environmental issues. 
 The current and anticipated effects of climate change have raised concerns for the condition of the global environment. These concerns have changed and will continue to change the behavior of consumers and businesses. Further, governments have increased their attention on the issue of climate change. As a result, international agreements have been signed to attempt to reduce global temperatures and federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives have been proposed to seek to mitigate the effects of climate change. The Company and its customers may need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as new consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. These changes may result in cost increases, asset value reductions, and operating process changes to the Company and its customers. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to the Company could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain industries. In addition, the Company could experience reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. The Company s efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing the Company s business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting the Company from the adverse impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 

Item 1b. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 
 14 

Table of Conte nts 

 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 The main offices of the Company are located in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri. The Company owns its main offices and leases unoccupied premises to the public. The larger office buildings include: 
 
 Building 
 Net rentable square footage 
 occupied in total 
 occupied by Bank 
 1000 Walnut 
 Kansas City, MO 
 391,000 95 53 922 Walnut 
 Kansas City, MO 
 256,000 95 91 811 Main 
 Kansas City, MO 
 237,000 100 100 8000 Forsyth 
 Clayton, MO 
 178,000 100 100 
 
 The Company has an additional 148 branch locations in Missouri, Illinois, Kansas, Oklahoma and Colorado which are owned or leased. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required by this item is set forth in Item 8 under Note 21, Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees on page 137. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 
 Information about the Company's Executive Officers 
 The following are the executive officers of the Company as of February 22, 2023, each of whom is designated annually. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the persons so named and any other person pursuant to which such person was designated an executive officer. 
 
 Name and Age Positions with Registrant Kevin G. Barth, 62 Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2005, and Community President and Chief Executive Officer of Commerce Bank since October 1998. Senior Vice President of the Company and Officer of Commerce Bank prior thereto. Derrick R. Brooks, 46 Senior Vice President of the Company and Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since January 2021. Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank prior thereto. John K. Handy, 59 Executive Vice President of the Company since January 2018 and Senior Vice President of the Company prior thereto. Community President and Chief Executive Officer of Commerce Bank since January 2018 and Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank prior thereto. Richard W. Heise, 54 Senior Vice President of the Company since April 2022 and Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since July 2021. Prior to his employment with Commerce Bank in February 2017, he was employed at a healthcare tech services company where he served as a senior vice president of revenue cycle and financial services. Robert S. Holmes, 59 Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2015, and Community President and Chief Executive Officer of Commerce Bank since January 2016. Prior to his employment with Commerce Bank in March 2015, he was employed at a Midwest regional bank where he served as managing director and head of Regional Banking. 
 Kim L. Jakovich, 53 Senior Vice President of the Company since April 2022, and Officer of the Company prior thereto. Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank since July 2015. 
 15 

Table of Conte nts 

 Name and Age Positions with Registrant Patricia R. Kellerhals, 65 Senior Vice President of the Company since February 2016 and Vice President of the Company prior thereto. Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since 2005. 
 David W. Kemper, 72 Executive Chairman of the Company and of the Board of Directors of the Company since August 2018. Prior thereto, he was Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. He was President of the Company from April 1982 until February 2013. He is the brother of Jonathan M. Kemper (a former Vice Chairman of the Company), and father of John W. Kemper, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 John W. Kemper, 45 Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Commerce Bank since August 2018. Prior thereto, he was Chief Operating Officer of the Company. President of the Company since February 2013 and President of Commerce Bank since March 2013. Member of Board of Directors since September 2015. He is the son of David W. Kemper (Executive Chairman of the Company) and nephew of Jonathan M. Kemper (a former Vice Chairman of the Company). Charles G. Kim, 62 Chief Financial Officer of the Company since July 2009. Executive Vice President of the Company since April 1995 and Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since January 2004. Prior thereto, he was Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank. 
 Douglas D. Neff, 54 Senior Vice President of the Company since January 2019 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Commerce Bank Southwest Region since 2013. Thomas J. Noack, 67 Senior Vice President of the Company since October 2018 and was also Secretary and General Counsel of the Company from October 2018 to March 2022. He was Secretary, General Counsel and Vice President of the Company prior to October 2018. Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since September 2021. Prior thereto, he was Secretary, General Counsel and Vice President of Commerce Bank. David L. Orf, 56 Executive Vice President of the Company since October 2020 and Chief Credit Officer of the Company since January 2021. Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since January 2014 and Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank prior thereto. Paula S. Petersen, 56 Executive Vice President of the Company since January 2022 and Senior Vice President of the Company prior thereto. Executive Vice President of Commerce Bank since March 2012. David L. Roller, 52 Senior Vice President of the Company since July 2016 and Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank since September 2010. Paul A. Steiner, 51 Controller of the Company since April 2019. He is also Controller of the Company's subsidiary bank, Commerce Bank. Assistant Controller and Director of Tax of the Company prior thereto. 
 16 

Table of Conte nts 

 PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 Common Stock Data 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol CBSH. The Company had 3,421 common shareholders of record as of December 31, 2022. Certain of the Company's shares are held in "nominee" or "street" name and the number of beneficial owners of such shares is approximately 148,500. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph presents a comparison of Company (CBSH) performance to the indices named below. It assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 with dividends reinvested on a cumulative total shareholder return basis. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Commerce (CBSH) 100.00 107.56 138.44 143.26 159.78 168.73 KBW NASDAQ Regional Banking 100.00 82.51 102.20 93.35 127.57 118.73 NASDAQ OMX Global-Bank 100.00 83.60 114.68 100.00 137.32 113.60 S P 500 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.74 191.40 156.70 
 
 In the preceding year, the Company selected the NASDAQ OMX Global-Bank Index with which to compare its performance. The Company is replacing this index with the KBW NASDAQ Regional Banking Index as it believes the index to be more representative of companies similar in size and market capitalization to the Company. In addition, the Company is a member of the KBW NASDAQ Regional Banking Index. 
 
 The Company has a long history of paying dividends. 2022 marked the 54th consecutive year of growth in our regular common dividend, and the Company has also issued an annual 5 common stock dividend for the past 29 years. However, 
 17 

Table of Conte nts 

 payment of future dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend, among other factors, on earnings, capital requirements, and the operating and financial condition of the Company. The Board of Directors makes the dividend determination quarterly. 
 
 The following table sets forth information about the Company s purchases of its 5 par value common stock, its only class of common stock registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Number that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1 - 31 2022 1,491 71.23 1,491 3,442,745 November 1 - 30 2022 189,860 72.27 189,860 3,252,885 December 1 - 31 2022 140,827 67.28 140,827 3,112,058 Total 
 332,178 70.15 332,178 3,112,058 
 
 The Company s stock purchases shown above were made under authorizations by the Board of Directors. Under the most recent authorization in April 2022 of shares, shares remained available for purchase at December 31, 2022. 

Item 6. RESERVED 

18 

Table of Conte nts 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and include information about possible or assumed future results of operations. Many possible events or factors could affect the future financial results and performance of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company"). This could cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Words such as expects , anticipates , believes , estimates , variations of such words and other similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements. Readers should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks discussed throughout this report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Such possible events or factors include the risk factors identified in Item 1a Risk Factors and the following: changes in economic conditions in the Company s market area; changes in policies by regulatory agencies, governmental legislation and regulation; fluctuations in interest rates; changes in liquidity requirements; demand for loans in the Company s market area; changes in accounting and tax principles; estimates made on income taxes; failure of litigation settlement agreements to become final in accordance with their terms; and competition with other entities that offer financial services. 
 
 Overview 
 The Company operates as a super-community bank and offers a broad range of financial products to consumer and commercial customers, delivered with a focus on high-quality, personalized service. The Company is headquartered in Missouri, with its principal offices in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri. Customers are served from 275 locations in Missouri, Kansas, Illinois, Oklahoma and Colorado and commercial offices throughout the nation's midsection. A variety of delivery platforms are utilized, including an extensive network of branches and ATM machines, full-featured online banking, a mobile application, and a centralized contact center. 
 
 The core of the Company s competitive advantage is its focus on the local markets in which it operates, its offering of competitive, sophisticated financial products, and its concentration on relationship banking and high-touch service. In order to enhance shareholder value, the Company targets core revenue growth. To achieve this growth, the Company focuses on strategies that will expand new and existing customer relationships, offer opportunities for controlled expansion in additional markets, utilize improved technology, and enhance customer satisfaction. 
 
 Various indicators are used by management in evaluating the Company s financial condition and operating performance. Among these indicators are the following: 
 Net income and earnings per share Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. was 488.4 million, a decrease of 8.0 compared to the previous year. The return on average assets was 1.45 in 2022, and the return on average common equity was 17.31 . Diluted earnings per share decreased 6.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Total revenue Total revenue is comprised of net interest income and non-interest income. Total revenue in 2022 increased 92.9 million, or 6.7 , from 2021, as net interest income grew 106.8 million, and non-interest income decreased 13.9 million. Growth in net interest income resulted principally from increases in interest income from investment securities and loans, partly offset by an increase in interest expense on deposits and borrowings. The decrease in non-interest income in 2022 was mainly due to lower loan fees and sales income. 
 Non-interest expense Total non-interest expense increased 5.3 this year compared to 2021, mainly due to higher salaries and employee benefits expense and data processing and software expense. 
 Asset quality Net loan charge-offs totaled 19.1 million in 2022, an increase of 496 thousand from those recorded in 2021, and averaged .12 of loans in both 2022 and 2021. Total non-performing assets, which include non-accrual loans and foreclosed real estate, amounted to 8.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 9.3 million at December 31, 2021, and represented .05 of loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 Shareholder return During 2022, the Company paid cash dividends of 1.01 per share on its common stock, representing an increase of 6.1 over the previous year. In 2022, the Company issued its 29th consecutive annual 5 common stock dividend, and in February 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an increase of 7.1 in the common cash dividend. The Company purchased 2,684,667 shares in 2022. Total shareholder return, including 
 19 

Table of Conte nts 

 the change in stock price and dividend reinvestment, was 11.0 , 14.2 , and 10.4 over the past 5, 10, and 15 years, respectively. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The historical trends reflected in the financial information presented below are not necessarily reflective of anticipated future results. 
 
 Key Ratios 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Based on average balances) 
 Return on total assets 
 1.45 1.55 1.20 1.67 1.76 Return on common equity 
 17.31 15.37 10.64 14.06 16.16 Equity to total assets 
 8.39 10.11 11.18 12.20 11.24 Loans to deposits (1) 
 55.41 56.46 67.73 71.54 69.27 Non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits 
 39.02 40.46 37.83 32.03 33.43 Net yield on interest earning assets (tax equivalent basis) 
 2.85 2.58 2.99 3.48 3.53 (Based on end of period data) Non-interest income to revenue (2) 
 36.71 40.15 37.87 38.98 37.83 Efficiency ratio (3) 
 56.90 57.64 57.19 56.87 55.58 Tier I common risk-based capital ratio 
 14.13 14.34 13.71 13.93 14.22 Tier I risk-based capital ratio 
 14.13 14.34 13.71 14.66 14.98 Total risk-based capital ratio 
 14.89 15.12 14.82 15.48 15.82 Tier I leverage ratio 
 10.34 9.13 9.45 11.38 11.52 Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (4) 
 7.32 9.01 9.92 10.99 10.45 Common cash dividend payout ratio 
 26.10 23.12 35.32 27.52 23.61 
 (1) Includes loans held for sale. 
 (2) Revenue includes net interest income and non-interest income. 
 (3) The efficiency ratio is calculated as non-interest expense (excluding intangibles amortization) as a percent of total revenue. 
 (4) The tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio is a measurement which management believes is a useful indicator of capital adequacy and utilization. It provides a meaningful basis for period to period and company to company comparisons, and also assist regulators, investors and analysts in analyzing the financial position of the Company. Tangible common equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP measures and should not be viewed as substitutes for, or superior to, data prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures of total equity and total assets to the non-GAAP measures of total tangible common equity and total tangible assets. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total equity 2,481,577 3,448,324 3,399,972 3,138,472 2,937,149 Less non-controlling interest 16,286 11,026 2,925 3,788 5,851 Less preferred stock 144,784 144,784 Less goodwill 138,921 138,921 138,921 138,921 138,921 Less intangible assets 4,305 4,604 4,958 1,785 2,316 Total tangible common equity (a) 2,322,065 3,293,773 3,253,168 2,849,194 2,645,277 Total assets 31,875,931 36,689,088 32,922,974 26,065,789 25,463,842 Less goodwill 138,921 138,921 138,921 138,921 138,921 Less intangible assets 4,305 4,604 4,958 1,785 2,316 Total tangible assets (b) 31,732,705 36,545,563 32,779,095 25,925,083 25,322,605 Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (a)/(b) 7.32 9.01 9.92 10.99 10.45 
 Intangible assets other than mortgage servicing rights. 

20 

Table of Conte nts 

 Results of Operations 
 Change Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22-'21 '21-'20 '22-'21 '21-'20 Net interest income 942,185 835,424 829,847 106,761 5,577 12.8 .7 Provision for credit losses (28,071) 66,326 (137,190) 94,397 (203,516) (142.3) (148.3) Non-interest income 546,535 560,393 505,867 (13,858) 54,526 (2.5) 10.8 Investment securities gains, net 20,506 30,059 11,032 (9,553) 19,027 (31.8) N.M. Non-interest expense (848,777) (805,901) (768,378) 42,876 37,523 5.3 4.9 Income taxes (132,358) (145,711) (87,293) (13,353) 58,418 (9.2) 66.9 Income (expense) attributable to non-controlling interest (11,621) (9,825) 172 1,796 9,997 18.3 N.M. Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 488,399 530,765 354,057 (42,366) 176,708 (8.0) 49.9 Preferred stock dividends (11,966) 11,966 (100.0) Net income available to common shareholders 488,399 530,765 342,091 (42,366) 188,674 (8.0) 55.2 
 N.M. - Not meaningful. 
 
 Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (net income) for 2022 was 488.4 million, a decrease of 42.4 million, or 8.0 , compared to 530.8 million in 2021. Diluted income per common share was in 2022, compared to in 2021. The decrease in net income resulted from an increase of 94.4 million in the provision for credit losses, as well as an increase of 42.9 million in non-interest expense and a decrease of 13.9 million in non-interest income. These decreases to net income were partly offset by increases in net interest income of 106.8 million and a decrease in income tax expense of 13.4 million. The return on average assets was 1.45 in 2022 compared to 1.55 in 2021, and the return on average common equity was 17.31 in 2022 compared to 15.37 in 2021. At December 31, 2022, the ratio of tangible common equity to assets decreased to 7.32 , compared to 9.01 at year end 2021. 
 
 During 2022, net interest income grew mainly due to increases of 77.6 million in interest income earned on investment securities, due to higher average rates earned and higher average balances, and 75.5 million in interest income earned on loans, mainly due to higher average rates earned, partly offset by an increase in interest expense on deposits and borrowings of 43.9 million, due to higher average rates paid. Total rates earned on average interest earning assets increased 41 basis points this year, while funding costs for deposits and borrowings increased 23 basis points. The provision for credit losses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a significant reduction in the allowance for credit losses on loans during 2021, which did not reoccur in 2022. In addition, there was an increase in the liability for unfunded lending commitments during 2022, compared to a decrease in 2021. Net loan charge-offs increased 496 thousand, mainly due to business loan net charge-offs in 2022, compared to net loan recoveries recorded in 2021, partly offset by lower credit card loan net charge-offs in 2022. 
 
 Non-interest income fell 2.5 in 2022, mainly due to a decrease in loan fees and sales income. Net investment securities gains of 20.5 million were recorded in 2022 and were comprised mainly of net fair value gains on the Company's private equity investment portfolio, partly offset by losses on sales of available for sale securities. Non-interest expense increased 42.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021, mainly due to higher salaries and benefits expense and data processing and software expense. 
 
 Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (net income) for 2021 was 530.8 million, an increase of 176.7 million, or 49.9 , compared to 354.1 million in 2020. Diluted income per common share was 4.11 in 2021, compared to 2.64 in 2020. The increase in net income resulted from a decrease of 203.5 million in the provision for credit losses, as well as an increase of 54.5 million in non-interest income. These increases to net income were partly offset by increases in non-interest expense and income tax expense of 37.5 million and 58.4 million, respectively. The return on average assets was 1.55 in 2021 compared to 1.20 in 2020, and the return on average common equity was 15.37 in 2021 compared to 10.64 in 2020. At December 31, 2021, the ratio of tangible common equity to assets decreased to 9.01 , compared to 9.92 at year end 2020. 
 
 During 2021, net interest income grew mainly due to a decrease of 29.9 million in interest expense on deposits and borrowings, due to lower average rates paid, coupled with an increase of 19.5 million in interest income earned on investment securities, mainly due to higher average balances. These increases to net interest income were partly offset by a decline of 41.5 million in interest earned on loans, mainly due to lower rates earned. Total rates earned on average interest earning assets fell 53 basis points in 2021, while funding costs for deposits and borrowings decreased 19 basis points. The provision for credit losses decreased due to an improved credit outlook and the release of loan loss reserves provided for anticipated credit losses in 
 21 

Table of Conte nts 

 2020, which did not occur. Net loan charge-offs decreased 16.3 million in 2021 compared to 2020, mainly due to lower credit card loan net charge-offs and net recoveries on business loans. 
 
 Non-interest income grew 10.8 in 2021, mainly due to growth in trust and net bank card fee income. Net gains on investment securities in 2021 were comprised mainly of net fair value gains on the Company's private equity investment portfolio, partly offset by net losses on bond sales. Non-interest expense increased 37.5 million in 2021 compared to 2020, largely due to higher salaries and benefits expense and data processing and software expense, as well as lower deferred loan origination costs and non-recurring litigation settlement costs recorded in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 The Company distributed a 5 stock dividend for the 29th consecutive year on December 19, 2022. All per share and average share data in this report has been restated for the 2022 stock dividend. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Related Policies 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the application of certain accounting policies, the most significant of which are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Certain of these policies require numerous estimates and strategic or economic assumptions that may prove inaccurate or be subject to variations which may significantly affect the Company's reported results and financial position for the current period or future periods. The use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments are necessary when financial assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect, fair value. Current economic conditions may require the use of additional estimates, and some estimates may be subject to a greater degree of uncertainty due to the current instability of the economy. The Company has identified several policies as being critical because they require management to make particularly difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These estimates and related policies are the Company's allowance for credit losses and fair value measurement policies. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company's Allowance for Credit Losses policies govern the processes and procedures used to estimate the collectability of its loan portfolio and unfunded lending commitments, and the potential for credit losses in its available for sale investment portfolio. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Loans and Unfunded Lending Commitments 
 The Company performs periodic and systematic detailed reviews of its loan portfolio and unfunded lending commitments to assess overall collectability. The level of the allowance for credit losses on loans and unfunded lending commitments reflects the Company's estimate of the losses expected in the loan portfolio and unfunded lending commitments over the assets contractual term. 
 
 The allowance for credit loss is an estimate that is subject to uncertainty due to the various assumptions and judgments used in the estimation process. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis. Loans are aggregated into pools based on similar risk characteristics including borrower type, collateral type and expected credit loss patterns. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics, primarily large loans on non-accrual status, are evaluated on an individual basis. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured using an average historical loss model which incorporates relevant information about past events (including historical credit loss experience on loans with similar risk characteristics), current conditions, and an economic forecast that may affect the collectability of the remaining cash flows over the contractual term of the loans. The calculated loss rate is increased or decreased to reflect expectations of future losses given a single path economic forecast. These adjustments to the loss rate are based on results from various regression models projecting the impact of the macroeconomic variables. The forecast is used for a reasonable and supportable period before reverting to historical averages using a straight-line method. 
 
 Additionally, the allowance for credit losses considers other qualitative factors not included in historical loss rates or macroeconomic forecast such as changes in portfolio composition, underwriting practices, or significant unique events or conditions. 
 
 Adjustments to the allowance for credit losses are made by increases to or reductions in the provision for credit losses, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of income. 
 22 

Table of Conte nts 

 Assumptions, Judgments, and Uncertainties: The uncertainty in the estimation of the allowance for credit losses is created because key assumptions and judgements are applied throughout the process. Key assumptions include segmentation of the portfolio into pools, calculations of life of a loan using a combination of contractual terms and expected prepayment speeds and forecast of macroeconomic conditions. The Company utilizes a third-party macro-economic forecast that continuously changes due to economic conditions and events. The single path economic forecast includes key macroeconomic variables including GDP, disposable income, unemployment rate, various interest rates, consumer price index (CPI) inflation rate, housing price index (HPI), commercial real estate price index (CREPI) and market volatility. Each reporting period, the base macroeconomic forecast scenario is evaluated to ensure it is not inconsistent with management s expectations. Changes in the forecast cause fluctuations in the estimates of the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments. Potential changes in any one economic variable may or may not affect the overall allowance because a variety of economic variables and inputs are considered in estimating the allowance, and changes in those variables and inputs may not occur at the same rate, may not be consistent across product types and may have offsetting impacts to other changing variables and inputs. 
 
 Data points such as loan mix, level of loan balances outstanding, portfolio performance, line utilization trends and risk ratings change throughout the life of a portfolio which could cause changes to the expected credit losses. 
 
 Qualitative factors not included in historical information or macroeconomic forecast require significant judgment to identify and determine how to apply to the estimate for credit losses. The qualitative factors continuously evolve in reaction to other changing assumptions, data inputs and industry trends. 
 
 The Company uses its best judgment to assess the macroeconomic forecast, key assumptions and internal and external data in estimating the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments. These estimates are subject to continuous refinement based on changes in the underlying external and internal data. 
 
 Impact if actual results differ from assumptions : The allowance for credit losses represents management s best estimate of expected current credit losses in the loan portfolio and within the Company s unfunded lending commitments, but changes in the inputs and assumptions described above could significantly impact the calculated estimated credit losses. Therefore, actual credit losses may differ significantly from estimated results. Significant deterioration in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, changes could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Available for Sale Debt Securities 
 The level of the allowance for credit losses on available for sale securities reflects the Company s estimate of the losses expected in the available for sale debt security portfolio. In order to estimate the allowance for credit losses on available for sale debt securities, the Company performs quarterly reviews of its investment portfolio to identify securities in an unrealized loss position. If the unrealized loss is not expected to be recovered, the Company performs further analyses to determine whether any portion of the unrealized loss indicates that a credit loss exists. 
 
 Changes to the allowance for credit losses are made by changes to or reductions in the provision for credit losses, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Assumptions, Judgments, and Uncertainties: The Company s model for establishing its allowance for credit losses uses cash flows projected to be received over the estimated life of the securities, discounted to present value, and compared to the current amortized cost bases of the securities. Securities for which fair value is less than amortized cost are reviewed for impairment. Special emphasis is placed on securities whose credit rating has fallen below Baa3 (Moody's) or BBB- (Standard Poor's), whose fair values have fallen more than 20 below purchase price, or who have been identified based on management s judgment. These securities are placed on a watch list and cash flow analyses are prepared on an individual security basis. Certain securities are analyzed using a projected cash flow model, discounted to present value, and compared to the current amortized cost bases of the securities. The model uses input factors such as cash flow projections, contractual payments required, expected delinquency rates, credit support from other tranches, prepayment speeds, collateral loss severity rates (including loan to values), and various other information related to the underlying collateral. Securities not analyzed using the cash flow model are analyzed by reviewing risk ratings, credit support agreements, and industry knowledge to project future cash flows and any possible credit impairment. 
 
 Impact if actual results differ from assumptions : The allowance for credit losses represents management s best estimate of expected credit losses in the available for sale debt portfolio, but significant deterioration in interest rates and economic 
 23 

Table of Conte nts 

 conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an increase in interest rates and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, anticipated changes could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Fair Value Measurement 
 Investment securities, including available for sale debt, trading, equity and other securities, residential mortgage loans held for sale, derivatives and deferred compensation plan assets and associated liabilities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, other assets and liabilities may be recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, such as loan values that have been reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, other real estate (primarily foreclosed property), non-marketable equity securities and certain other assets and liabilities. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve write-downs of individual assets or application of lower of cost or fair value accounting. 
 
 Assumptions, Judgments, and Uncertainties: Fair value is an estimate of the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (i.e., not a forced transaction, such as a liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date and is based on the assumptions market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability. Fair value measurement and disclosure guidance establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. 
 
 Fair value is measured based on a variety of inputs. Fair value may be based on quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets (Level 1 valuations). If market prices are not available, quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market are used (Level 2 valuations). Where observable market data is not available, the valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market (Level 3 valuations). Unobservable assumptions reflect the Company s estimates for assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques typically include discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, but may also include the use of market prices of assets or liabilities that are not directly comparable to the subject asset or liability. 
 
 The selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a fair value higher or lower than carrying value. Considerable judgment may be involved in determining the amount that is most representative of fair value. 
 
 For assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, the Company looks to active and observable market data when developing fair value measurements for those items where there is an active market. Certain assets and liabilities are not actively traded in observable markets, and the Company must use alternative valuation techniques to derive an estimated fair value measurement. In doing so, the Company may be required to make judgments about assumptions market participants would use in estimating the fair value of the financial instrument. The assumptions used to determine fair value adjustments are regularly evaluated by management for relevance under current facts and circumstances. 
 
 Changes in market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices or observable data. For example, reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities could result in observable market inputs becoming unavailable. When market data is not available, the Company uses valuation techniques requiring more management judgment to estimate the appropriate fair value. 
 
 Impairment analysis also relates to long-lived assets and core deposit and other intangible assets. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not likely to be recoverable and exceeds its fair value. In determining the fair value, management uses models and applies the techniques and assumptions previously discussed. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, assets and liabilities measured using observable inputs that are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 represented 98.5 and 99.8 of total assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, respectively. Valuations generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market are considered Level 3, and the Company's Level 3 assets totaled 180.0 million, or 1.4 of total assets recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value hierarchy, the extent to which fair value is used to measure assets and liabilities, and the valuation methodologies and key inputs used are discussed in Note 17 on Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Impact if actual results differ from assumptions : Changes in fair value are recorded either in earnings or accumulated other comprehensive income. Adjustments in the inputs and assumptions described above could significantly impact the fair values of the Company s assets and liabilities and have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 24 

Table of Conte nts 

 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income, the largest source of revenue, results from the Company s lending, investing, borrowing, and deposit gathering activities. It is affected by both changes in the level of interest rates and changes in the amounts and mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. The following table summarizes the changes in net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis, by major category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, identifying changes related to volumes and rates. Changes not solely due to volume or rate changes are allocated to rate. 
 
 2022 2021 Change due to Change due to (In thousands) 
 Average Volume Average Rate Total Average Volume Average Rate Total Interest income, fully taxable-equivalent basis 
 Loans: 
 Business 
 (14,493) 25,763 11,270 (16,872) 7,591 (9,281) Real estate - construction and land 
 3,034 18,157 21,191 7,585 (5,502) 2,083 Real estate - business 
 6,909 22,671 29,580 1,744 (7,495) (5,751) Real estate - personal 
 1,452 1,159 2,611 6,459 (9,027) (2,568) Consumer 
 2,516 5,167 7,683 1,859 (11,594) (9,735) Revolving home equity 
 (200) 3,002 2,802 (1,806) (776) (2,582) Consumer credit card 
 (3,377) 3,935 558 (10,758) (3,672) (14,430) Total interest on loans 
 (4,159) 79,854 75,695 (11,789) (30,475) (42,264) Loans held for sale 
 (434) 191 (243) 96 (76) 20 Investment securities: 
 U.S. government and federal agency obligations 12,468 (4,261) 8,207 336 15,183 15,519 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 92 21 113 (1,726) (440) (2,166) State and municipal obligations 1,089 (1,689) (600) 12,259 (6,798) 5,461 Mortgage-backed securities (82) 40,827 40,745 24,048 (38,707) (14,659) Asset-backed securities 12,336 13,675 26,011 27,557 (24,611) 2,946 Other securities 4,599 (2,133) 2,466 7,760 4,128 11,888 Total interest on investment securities 
 30,502 46,440 76,942 70,234 (51,245) 18,989 Federal funds sold 61 347 408 4 (3) 1 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 6,449 (21,179) (14,730) 20,355 (23,625) (3,270) Interest earning deposits with banks 
 (1,375) 13,271 11,896 2,610 (1,681) 929 Total interest income 
 31,044 118,924 149,968 81,510 (107,105) (25,595) Interest expense 
 Interest bearing deposits: 
 Savings 107 (496) (389) 294 (218) 76 Interest checking and money market 732 17,247 17,979 2,697 (13,115) (10,418) Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 (174) 485 311 (957) (2,782) (3,739) Certificates of deposit of 100,000 and over (499) 1,820 1,321 (1,410) (8,961) (10,371) Federal funds purchased 42 1,777 1,819 (646) (131) (777) Securities sold under agreements to resell 
 31 22,362 22,393 1,366 (5,034) (3,668) Other borrowings 
 1,817 18 1,835 (1,029) 5 (1,024) Total interest expense 
 2,056 43,213 45,269 315 (30,236) (29,921) Net interest income, fully taxable-equivalent basis 
 28,988 75,711 104,699 81,195 (76,869) 4,326 
 
 Net interest income totaled 942.2 million in 2022, increasing 106.8 million, or 12.8 , compared to 835.4 million in 2021. On a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis, net interest income totaled 951.8 million, and increased 104.7 million over 2021. This growth was mainly due to an increase of 75.7 million in interest earned on loans, due to higher average rates paid and an increase of 76.9 million in interest earned on investment securities, due to higher rates and average balances, partly offset by an increase of 45.3 million in interest expense on deposits and borrowings, due to higher average rates paid. The net yield on earning assets (FTE) was 2.85 in 2022 compared with 2.58 in 2021. 
 25 

Table of Conte nts 

 During 2022, loan interest income (FTE) grew 75.7 million over 2021 mainly due to an increase in rates earned for all loan categories. The average fully taxable-equivalent rate earned on the loan portfolio increased 51 basis points to 4.18 in 2022 compared to 3.67 in 2021. The higher rates earned on the loan portfolio were mostly related to actions taken by the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates, which caused most of the Company's variable rate loan portfolio to re-price higher. Additionally, fixed rate loans were generally originated in 2022 at higher interest rates than the weighted-average of the portfolio of fixed rate loans. The increase in interest rates earned was partly offset a decline in average loan balances of 102.4 million, or .7 , this year. Increased interest earned on business real estate and construction and land loans was the main driver of overall higher interest income. Business real estate loan interest grew 29.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of an increase of 71 basis points in the average rate earned and higher average balances of 199.1 million, or 6.6 . Interest earned on construction and land loans increased 21.2 million due to an increase of 147 basis points in the average rate earned and growth of 85.2 million, or 7.4 , in average balances. Business loan interest income increased 11.3 million mainly due to a 49 basis point increase in the average rate earned, partly offset by a decrease of 462.1 million in average balances. Average balances of business loans included average balances of 41.9 million in Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans at December 31, 2022, which was a decline of 812.2 million from balances of 854.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Interest on personal real estate loans increased 2.6 million as the average balance grew 44.0 million and the average rate earned increased four basis points. Interest on consumer loans grew 7.7 million over the prior year as the average rate earned increased 25 basis points and average balances were higher by 66.2 million. Revolving home equity loan interest increased 2.8 million due to an increase of 108 basis points in the average rate earned, slightly offset by lower average balances of 5.8 million. Interest on consumer credit card loans was higher by 558 thousand due to an increase of 72 basis points in the average rate earned, mostly offset by a decline of 30.3 million, or 5.3 , in average balances. 
 
 Fully taxable-equivalent interest income on total investment securities increased 76.9 million during 2022, as average balances grew 1.5 billion and the average rate earned increased 34 basis points. The average rate on the total investment securities portfolio was 2.15 in 2022 compared to 1.81 in 2021, while the average balance of the total investment securities portfolio (excluding unrealized fair value adjustments on available for sale debt securities) was 14.9 billion in 2022 compared to an average balance of 13.5 billion in 2021. The increase in interest income was mainly due to higher interest income earned on mortgage-backed, asset-backed and U.S. government securities. Interest earned on mortgage-backed securities increased 40.7 million due to a 59 basis point increase in the average rate earned. The increase of 26.0 million in interest earned on asset-backed securities was due to an increase of 35 basis points in the average rate earned coupled with growth of 1.1 billion in average balances. Interest earned on U.S. government securities grew 8.2 million and was mainly impacted by growth of 7.3 million in inflation income on treasury inflation-protected securities (TIPS). Average balances of U.S. government securities increased 301.9 million, while the average rate earned declined 39 basis points. 
 
 Interest on securities purchased under resell agreements decreased 14.7 million compared to 2021 due to a decrease of 142 basis points in the average rate, partly offset by growth in average balances of 220.1 million. Interest earned on deposits with banks increased 11.9 million over 2021, mainly due to a 98 basis point increase in the average rate earned, partly offset by a decline in average balances of 1.1 billion. 
 
 During 2022, interest expense on deposits increased 19.2 million over 2021 and resulted mainly from an 11 basis point increase in the overall average rate paid on deposits. Interest expense on interest checking and money market accounts increased 18.0 million mainly due to higher rates paid, which grew 12 basis points, coupled with higher average balances of 1.1 billion. Interest expense on certificates of deposit over 100,000 grew 1.3 million, mainly due to a 37 basis point increase in the average rate paid. The overall rate paid on total deposits increased from .07 in 2021 to .18 in the current year. Interest expense on borrowings increased 26.0 million mainly due to a 95 basis point increase in the rate paid on securities sold under repurchase agreements. The overall average rate incurred on all interest bearing liabilities was .30 in 2022, compared to .07 in 2021. 
 
 Net interest income totaled 835.4 million in 2021, increasing 5.6 million, or .7 , compared to 829.8 million in 2020. On a FTE basis, net interest income totaled 847.1 million, and increased 4.3 million over 2020. This increase was mainly due to a decline of 29.9 million in interest expense on deposits and borrowings, due to lower average rates paid, coupled with an increase of 19.0 million in interest earned on investment securities, mainly due to higher average balances. These increases to net interest income (FTE) were partly offset by lower interest earned on loans, which declined 42.3 million, mainly due to lower rates earned. The net yield on earning assets (FTE) was 2.58 in 2021 compared with 2.99 in 2020. 
 26 

Table of Conte nts 

 During 2021, loan interest income (FTE) fell 42.3 million from 2020 mainly due to a decline in rates earned for most loan categories and lower average business and consumer credit card loan balances. The average fully taxable-equivalent rate earned on the loan portfolio decreased 21 basis points to 3.67 in 2021 compared to 3.88 in 2020. Average loan balances decreased 232.5 million, or 1.5 , in 2021. The decrease in consumer credit card loan interest income was the main driver of overall lower interest income. Consumer credit card loan interest declined 14.4 million due to lower average balances of 91.4 million and a decrease of 64 basis points in the average rate earned. Business loan interest income declined 9.3 million mainly due to a decrease of 548.7 million in average balances, partly offset by a 13 basis point increase in the average rate earned. Average balances of business loans included average balances of 854.1 million in PPP loans at December 31, 2021, which was a decline of 204.9 million from balances of 1.1 billion at December 31, 2020. The average rate earned on PPP loans increased 193 basis points to 4.81 in 2021 compared to 2.88 in 2020, partly offsetting the decline in average balances. During 2021, the Company recognized 41.0 million in interest income on PPP loans. As of December 31, 2021, 93 of the PPP loans originated by the Company had been forgiven. Business real estate loan interest was lower by 5.8 million in 2021 compared to 2020 as a result of a decrease of 25 basis points in the average rate, partly offset by higher average balances of 46.9 million. Interest on personal real estate loans decreased 2.6 million as the average rate earned declined 32 basis points, while average balances increased 178.4 million. Interest on consumer loans declined 9.7 million from 2020 as the average rate earned decreased 58 basis points, but was partly offset by growth in average balances of 42.4 million. These decreases to loan interest income (FTE) were partly offset by an increase of 2.1 million in interest earned on construction and land loans. This increase resulted from higher average balances of 187.7 million, partly offset by a 48 basis point decrease in the average rate earned. 
 
 Fully taxable-equivalent interest income on total investment securities increased 19.0 million during 2021, as average balances grew 3.2 billion, while the average rate earned decreased 38 basis points. The average rate on the total investment securities portfolio was 1.81 in 2021 compared to 2.19 in 2020, while the average balance of the total investment securities portfolio (excluding unrealized fair value adjustments on available for sale debt securities) was 13.5 billion in 2021 compared to an average balance of 10.3 billion in 2020. The increase in interest income was mainly due to higher interest income earned on U.S. government securities, state and municipal obligations, asset-backed securities and other securities. Interest earned on U.S. government securities grew 15.5 million and was mainly impacted by growth of the same amount in inflation income on TIPS. Average balances of U.S. government securities increased 15.1 million and the average rated earned grew 191 basis points. The increase in interest earned on state and municipal obligations resulted mainly from growth of 453.2 million in average balances, partly offset by a 33 basis point decrease in the average rate earned. Interest on asset-backed securities increased 2.9 million mainly due to growth of 1.4 billion in the average balance, partly offset by an 87 basis point decrease in the average rate earned. Other securities interest increased 11.9 million mainly due to higher interest earned on equity securities, largely as a result of one-time dividend payments of 5.5 million received on private equity portfolio investments in 2021. Partly offsetting these increases in interest income was a decline of 14.7 million in interest income on mortgage-backed securities, due to a decrease of 56 basis points in the average rate earned, partly offset by higher average balances of 1.3 billion. 
 
 Interest on securities purchased under resell agreements decreased 3.3 million compared to 2020 due to a decrease of 185 basis points in the average rate, partly offset by growth in balances of 425.8 million. Interest earned on deposits with banks increased 929 thousand over 2020, mainly due to growth in average balances of 1.3 billion, partly offset by a seven basis point decrease in the average rate earned. 
 
 During 2021, interest expense on deposits decreased 24.5 million from 2020 and resulted mainly from a 17 basis point decrease in the overall average rate paid on deposits. Interest expense on interest checking and money market accounts decreased 10.4 million mainly due to lower rates paid, which fell 10 basis points, but was partly offset by higher average balances of 1.8 billion. Interest expense on certificates of deposit over 100,000 declined 10.4 million, mainly due to a 74 basis point decline in the average rate paid. The overall rate paid on total deposits decreased from .24 in 2020 to .07 in 2021. Interest expense on borrowings decreased 5.5 million mainly due to lower rates paid on securities sold under repurchase agreements, partly offset by higher average balances. The overall average rate incurred on all interest bearing liabilities was .07 in 2021, compared to .26 in 2020. 

27 

Table of Conte nts 

 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses is comprised of provisions for credit losses on loans and for unfunded lending commitments and is recorded to adjust the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments to a level deemed adequate by management based on the factors mentioned in the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Liability for Unfunded Lending Commitments section of this discussion. The provision for credit losses was 28.1 million in 2022, an increase of 94.4 million over the 2021 provision, which was a recovery of 66.3 million. 
 
 The provision for credit losses on loans in 2022 was 19.2 million, compared to a recovery in the provision for credit losses on loans of 52.2 million in 2021. The allowance for credit losses on loans totaled 150.1 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 92 thousand compared to the prior year, and represented .92 of loans at year end 2022, compared to .99 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The provision for unfunded lending commitments was 8.9 million during 2022, compared to a recovery of 14.1 million in 2021, and the liability for unfunded lending commitments was 33.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 24.2 million at December 31, 2021. 

Non-Interest Income 
 Change 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22-'21 '21-'20 Trust fees 
 184,719 188,227 160,637 (1.9) 17.2 Bank card transaction fees 
 176,144 167,891 151,797 4.9 10.6 Deposit account charges and other fees 
 94,381 97,217 93,227 (2.9) 4.3 Consumer brokerage services 
 19,117 18,362 15,095 4.1 21.6 Capital market fees 
 14,231 15,943 14,582 (10.7) 9.3 Loan fees and sales 
 13,141 29,720 26,684 (55.8) 11.4 Other 
 44,802 43,033 43,845 4.1 (1.9) Total non-interest income 
 546,535 560,393 505,867 (2.5) 10.8 Non-interest income as a of total revenue 
 36.7 40.1 37.9 Total revenue per full-time equivalent employee 
 324.1 305.6 280.3 
 Total revenue is calculated as net interest income plus non-interest income. 
 
 Below is a summary of net bank card transaction fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Change 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22-'21 '21-'20 Net corporate card fees 
 100,012 91,701 82,374 9.1 11.3 Net debit card fees 
 40,968 41,010 37,644 (.1) 8.9 Net merchant fees 
 20,604 20,036 18,386 2.8 9.0 Net credit card fees 
 14,560 15,144 13,393 (3.9) 13.1 Total bank card transaction fees 
 176,144 167,891 151,797 4.9 10.6 
 
 Non-interest income totaled 546.5 million, a decrease of 13.9 million, or 2.5 , compared to 560.4 million in 2021. Trust fee income decreased 3.5 million, or 1.9 , as a result of lower institutional (down 7.0 ), mutual fund (down 10.9 and private client trust fees (down .3 ). Private client trust fees comprised 79.7 of trust fee income in 2022. The market value of total customer trust assets totaled 60.3 billion at year end 2022, which was a decrease of 13.0 from year end 2021 balances. Bank card fees increased 8.3 million, or 4.9 , over the prior year, mainly due to an increase in net corporate card fees of 8.3 million. The growth in net corporate card fees over the prior year was mainly due to higher interchange income, partly offset by higher rewards expense. Deposit account fees decreased 2.8 million, or 2.9 , mainly due to lower overdraft and return item fees of 4.2 million and personal account deposit fees of 1.2 million, partly offset by growth in corporate cash management fees of 2.5 million. In 2022, corporate cash management fees comprised 55.6 of total deposit fees, while overdraft fees comprised 21.1 of total deposit fees. In September 2022, the Company implemented enhancements to consumer checking accounts that eliminated return items fees and lowered overdraft fees. Capital market fees decreased 1.7 million, or 10.7 , compared to the prior year, while revenue from consumer brokerage services increased 755 thousand, or 4.1 , mainly due to growth in annuity fees. Loan fees and sales decreased 16.6 million, or 55.8 , mainly due to lower mortgage banking revenue. Other non-interest income increased 1.8 million, or 4.1 , over the prior year mainly due to higher 
 28 

Table of Conte nts 

 cash sweep commissions of 8.2 million and lease income of 1.3 million, income of 2.2 million from a life insurance death benefit recorded in the second quarter of 2022, a 2.6 million loss on an equity method investment recorded in 2021 and a lease impairment of 1.1 million recorded in 2021. These increases were partly offset by gains of 5.6 million recorded mainly on the sales of branch properties last year. In addition, a decrease of 6.6 million in fair value adjustments was recorded on the Company's deferred compensation plan assets, which are held in a trust, recorded as both an asset and a liability and affect both other income and other expense. 
 
 During 2021, non-interest income totaled 560.4 million, an increase of 54.5 million, or 10.8 , compared to 505.9 million in 2020. Bank card fees increased 16.1 million, or 10.6 , over 2020, due to increases in net corporate card fees of 9.3 million, net debit card fees of 3.4 million, net credit card fees of 1.8 million and net merchant fees of 1.7 million. The growth in net corporate and credit card fees over the prior year was due to higher interchange income, partly offset by higher rewards expense. Net debit card fees increased due to higher interchange income, partly offset by an increase in network expense. Net merchant fees were up due to an increase in merchant discount fees, partly offset by higher rewards expense. Trust fee income increased 27.6 million, or 17.2 , as a result of growth in private client trust fees (up 19.1 and higher institutional trust fees (up 11.0 ). Private client trust fees comprised 78.4 of trust fee income in 2021. The market value of total customer trust assets totaled 69.3 billion at year end 2021, which was an increase of 13.2 over year end 2020 balances. Deposit account fees increased 4.0 million, or 4.3 , mainly due to growth in corporate cash management fees and overdraft and return item fees of 3.3 million and 1.2 million, respectively, partly offset by lower personal deposit account service charge fees of 1.2 million. In 2021, corporate cash management fees comprised 51.5 of total deposit fees, while overdraft fees comprised 24.8 of total deposit fees. Capital market fees grew 1.4 million, or 9.3 , compared to 2020, while revenue from consumer brokerage services increased 3.3 million, or 21.6 , due to growth in advisory and annuity fees. Loan fees and sales increased 3.0 million, or 11.4 , mainly due to growth in mortgage banking revenue and loan commitment fees. Other non-interest income decreased 812 thousand, or 1.9 , from 2020 mainly due to lower cash sweep commissions of 7.9 million and a 2.6 million loss recorded on an equity method investment in 2021. These decreases were partly offset by gains of 5.6 million recorded mainly on sales of branch properties during 2021 and increases in interest rate swap fees and check sales and wire fees of 2.2 million and 1.0 million, respectively. 

29 

Table of Conte nts 

 Investment Securities Gains (Losses), Net 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net gains (losses) on sales of available for sale debt securities (20,273) (3,284) 21,096 Net gains on sales of equity securities 
 17 2 Fair value adjustments on equity securities, net 
 (943) 187 37 Net gains (losses) on sales of private equity investments 
 (2,128) 1,452 Fair value adjustments of private equity investments 43,833 31,704 (10,103) Total investment securities gains, net 
 20,506 30,059 11,032 
 
 Net gains and losses on investment securities during 2022, 2021 and 2020 are shown in the table above. Included in these amounts are gains and losses arising from sales of securities from the Company s available for sale debt portfolio and gains and losses relating to private equity investments, which are primarily held by the Parent s majority-owned private equity subsidiary. The gains and losses on private equity investments include fair value adjustments, in addition to gains and losses realized upon disposition. The portions of private equity investment gains and losses that are attributable to minority interests are reported as non-controlling interest in the consolidated statements of income, and resulted in expense of 8.5 million in 2022 and 6.5 million in 2021, compared to income of 1.4 million in 2020. 
 
 Net securities gains of 20.5 million were recorded in 2022, which included net gains of 43.8 million in fair value adjustments on private equity investments. This increase was partly offset by losses of 20.3 million realized on sales resulting from the Company's sale of approximately 105 million (book value) in bonds, mainly mortgage-backed and corporate bond securities, net losses of 2.1 million on sales of private equity investments, and net losses of 943 thousand in fair value adjustments on equity securities. 
 
 Net securities gains of 30.1 million were recorded in 2021, which included 1.5 million in net gains realized on sales of private equity investments, net gains totaling 31.7 million of fair value adjustments on private equity investments, and 187 thousand of fair value adjustments on equity investments. These net gains were offset by losses of 3.3 million realized on bond sales resulting from the Company's sale of approximately 73 million (book value) of bonds, mainly mortgage-backed securities. 
 
 Net securities gains of 11.0 million were recorded in 2020, which included 21.1 million in net gains realized on bond sales resulting from the Company's sale of approximately 602 million (book value) of bonds, mainly mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities. These gains were offset by net losses totaling 10.1 million of fair value adjustments on private equity investments. 

30 

Table of Conte nts 

 Non-Interest Expense 
 Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22-'21 '21-'20 Salaries 
 471,260 447,238 436,087 5.4 2.6 Employee benefits 
 82,787 78,010 76,900 6.1 1.4 Data processing and software 
 110,692 101,792 95,325 8.7 6.8 Net occupancy 
 49,117 48,185 46,645 1.9 3.3 Equipment 
 19,359 18,089 18,839 7.0 (4.0) Supplies and communication 
 18,101 17,118 17,419 5.7 (1.7) Marketing 
 23,827 21,856 19,734 9.0 10.8 Other 
 73,634 73,613 57,429 28.2 Total non-interest expense 
 848,777 805,901 768,378 5.3 4.9 Efficiency ratio 
 56.9 57.6 57.2 Salaries and benefits as a of total non-interest expense 
 65.3 65.2 66.8 Number of full-time equivalent employees 
 4,594 4,567 4,766 
 
 Non-interest expense was 848.8 million in 2022, an increase of 42.9 million, or 5.3 , over the previous year. Salaries and benefits expense increased 28.8 million, or 5.5 , mainly due to higher costs for full-time salaries, incentive compensation, stock compensation, payroll taxes and 401(k) expense. Salaries expense included expense of 5.4 million for special bonuses paid to non-incentivized full-time and part-time employees in 2022. Full-time equivalent employees totaled 4,594 at December 31, 2022, compared to 4,567 at December 31, 2021. Data processing and software expense increased 8.9 million, or 8.7 , primarily due to higher bank card processing fees, software amortization and expense, and increased costs for service providers. Net occupancy expense increased 932 thousand, or 1.9 , mainly due to higher depreciation, utilities and outside services expense, partly offset by lower real estate taxes expense. Equipment expense increased 1.3 million, or 7.0 , mainly due to higher depreciation and equipment service contract expense, while marketing expense increased 2.0 million, or 9.0 . Supplies and communication expense increased 983 thousand, or 5.7 , mainly due to higher postage and courier expense and bank card reissuance fees, partly offset by lower data network expense. Other non-interest expense increased slightly over 2021. Higher costs for travel and entertainment expense (up 5.1 million), insurance expense (up 1.9 million), depreciation expense on leased assets (up 958 thousand) and airplane expense (up 864 thousand) were offset by 8.2 million in non-recurring litigation settlement costs recorded in 2021. In addition, the previously mentioned fair value adjustments on the Company's deferred compensation plan assets decreased 6.6 million from the prior year. 
 
 In 2021, non-interest expense was 805.9 million, an increase of 37.5 million, or 4.9 , over 2020. Salaries and benefits expense increased 12.3 million, or 2.4 , mainly due to higher incentive compensation and healthcare expense, partly offset by lower salaries expense. Incentive compensation increased due to higher incentives in wealth and commercial, while full-time and part-time salaries expense declined mainly due to lower retail banking salaries expense. Full-time equivalent employees totaled 4,567 at December 31, 2021, reflecting a 4.2 decrease from 2020. Net occupancy expense increased 1.5 million, or 3.3 , mainly due to lower external rent income. Equipment expense decreased 750 thousand, or 4.0 , mainly due to lower depreciation and equipment service expense, while supplies and communication expense decreased 301 thousand, or 1.7 . Data processing and software expense increased 6.5 million, or 6.8 , primarily due to higher costs for service providers, bank card processing fees and software expense, while marketing expense increased 2.1 million, or 10.8 . Other non-interest expense increased 16.2 million, or 28.2 , over 2020 mainly due to 8.2 million in non-recurring litigation settlement costs mentioned above. In addition, deferred loan origination costs declined 3.5 million and deposit insurance expense increased 1.3 million. These increases were partly offset by a reduction in impairment expense of 3.6 million on the Company's mortgage servicing rights. 

Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was 132.4 million in 2022, compared to 145.7 million in 2021 and 87.3 million in 2020. The effective tax rate, including the effect of non-controlling interest, was 21.3 in 2022 compared to 21.5 in 2021 and 19.8 in 2020. Additional information about income tax expense is provided in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 31 

Table of Conte nts 

 Financial Condition 
 
 Loan Portfolio Analysis 
 Classifications of consolidated loans by major category at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown in the table below. This portfolio consists of loans which were acquired or originated with the intent of holding to their maturity. Loans held for sale are separately discussed in a following section. A schedule of average balances invested in each loan category below is disclosed within the Average Balance Sheets section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below. 
 Balance at December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial: 
 Business 
 5,661,725 5,303,535 Real estate construction and land 
 1,361,095 1,118,266 Real estate business 
 3,406,981 3,058,837 Personal banking: 
 Real estate personal 
 2,918,078 2,805,401 Consumer 
 2,059,088 2,032,225 Revolving home equity 
 297,207 275,945 Consumer credit card 
 584,000 575,410 Overdrafts 
 14,957 6,740 Total loans 
 16,303,131 15,176,359 
 
 The table below presents contractual maturities of the loan portfolio, based on payment due dates, as well as a breakdown of fixed rate and floating rate loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Principal Payments Due (In thousands) In One Year or Less After One Year Through Five Years After Five Years Through Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Commercial: 
 Business 
 2,188,745 3,097,082 374,934 964 5,661,725 Real estate construction and land 
 450,456 880,531 24,958 5,150 1,361,095 Real estate business 
 716,024 2,182,596 504,254 4,107 3,406,981 Personal banking: 
 Real estate personal 
 175,599 554,999 1,063,609 1,123,871 2,918,078 Consumer 
 830,809 1,051,373 176,111 795 2,059,088 Revolving home equity 
 18,247 92,621 186,339 297,207 Consumer credit card 
 66,352 198,109 319,539 584,000 Overdrafts 
 14,957 14,957 Total loans 
 4,461,189 8,057,311 2,649,744 1,134,887 16,303,131 Loans with fixed rates 
 1,303,933 3,782,069 1,521,000 622,618 7,229,620 Loans with floating rates 
 3,157,256 4,275,242 1,128,744 512,269 9,073,511 Total loans 
 4,461,189 8,057,311 2,649,744 1,134,887 16,303,131 
 
 32 

Table of Conte nts 

 The following table shows loan balances at December 31, 2022, segregated between those with fixed interest rates and those with variable rates that fluctuate with an index. 
 
 (In thousands) Fixed Rate Loans Variable Rate Loans Total Variable Rate Loans Business 2,249,024 3,412,701 5,661,725 60.3 Real estate construction and land 74,713 1,286,382 1,361,095 94.5 Real estate business 1,471,746 1,935,235 3,406,981 56.8 Real estate personal 
 1,950,578 967,500 2,918,078 33.2 Consumer 
 1,438,912 620,176 2,059,088 30.1 Revolving home equity 
 1,775 295,432 297,207 99.4 Consumer credit card 
 27,915 556,085 584,000 95.2 Overdrafts 
 14,957 14,957 Total loans 
 7,229,620 9,073,511 16,303,131 55.7 
 
 Total loans at December 31, 2022 were 16.3 billion, an increase of 1.1 billion, or 7.4 , over balances at December 31, 2021. The increase in loans during 2022 occurred in all categories over the previous year. Business loans increased 358.2 million, or 6.8 , mainly due to a 374 million increase in commercial and industrial loans. Excluding declines in PPP loan balances, which decreased 121.1 million during 2022, business loans increased 479.3 million, or 9.0 . As of December 31, 2022, nearly 100 of PPP loan balances have been forgiven. Lease lending and commercial card lending, included within business loans, also increased during 2022, but the increase was partly offset by a decline in tax-advantaged lending. Construction loans increased 242.8 million, or 21.7 mainly due to growth in commercial construction lending. Business real estate loans increased 348.1 million, or 11.4 , due mainly to increases in industrial and office building lending, while owner-occupied, multi-family, and senior living lending declined. Personal real estate loans increased 112.7 million, or 4.0 . The Company sells certain long-term fixed rate mortgage loans to the secondary market, and loan sales in 2022 totaled 111.3 million, compared to 547.1 million in 2021. Consumer loans increased 26.9 million, or 1.3 , mainly due to growth in private banking lending. Health services financing and fixed rate home equity loans also increased, offset by declines in auto lending, other vehicle and equipment lending (mostly comprised of motorcycle loans), and continued run off of marine and recreational vehicle loan balances. Consumer credit card loans increased 8.6 million, or 1.5 , and revolving home equity loan balances increased 21.3 million, or 7.7 , compared to balances at year end 2021. 
 
 The Company currently holds approximately 31 of its loan portfolio in the Kansas City market, 25 in the St. Louis market, and 45 in other regional markets. The portfolio is diversified from a business and retail standpoint, with 64 in loans to businesses and 36 in loans to consumers. The Company believes a diversified approach to loan portfolio management, strong underwriting criteria and an aversion toward credit concentrations from an industry, geographic and product perspective, have contributed to low levels of problem loans and credit losses on loans experienced over the last several years. 
 
 The Company participates in credits of large, publicly traded companies which are defined by regulation as shared national credits, or SNCs. Regulations define SNCs as loans exceeding 100 million that are shared by three or more financial institutions. The Company typically participates in these loans when business operations are maintained in the local communities or regional markets and opportunities to provide other banking services are present. At December 31, 2022, the balance of SNC loans totaled approximately 1.4 billion, with an additional 2.0 billion in unfunded commitments, compared to a balance of 1.2 billion, with an additional 1.9 billion in unfunded commitments, at year end 2021. 

Commercial Loans 
 Business 
 Total business loans amounted to 5.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and includes loans used mainly to fund customer accounts receivable, inventories, and capital expenditures. The business loan portfolio includes tax-advantaged loans and leases which carry tax-free interest rates. These loans totaled 618.1 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 111.8 million, or 15.3 , from December 31, 2021 balances. In addition to tax-advantaged leases, the business loan portfolio also includes other direct financing and sales type leases totaling 614.7 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 75.4 million, or 14.0 , from December 31, 2021. These loans are used by commercial customers to finance capital purchases ranging from computer equipment to office and transportation equipment. Additionally, the Company has outstanding oil and gas energy-related loans totaling 296.4 million at December 31, 2022, which are further discussed within the Oil and Gas Energy Lending section of the Risk Elements of Loan Portfolio section located within Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
 33 

Table of Conte nts 

 Results of Operations. Also included in the business portfolio are corporate card loans, which totaled 367.3 million at December 31, 2022 and are made in conjunction with the Company s corporate card business for corporate trade purchases. Corporate card loans are made to corporate, non-profit and government customers nationwide, but have very short-term maturities, which limits credit risk. 
 
 Business loans, excluding corporate card loans, are made primarily to customers in the regional trade area of the Company, generally the central Midwest, encompassing the states of Missouri, Kansas, Illinois, and nearby Midwestern markets, including Iowa, Oklahoma, Colorado, Texas, Tennessee, Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio. This portfolio is diversified from an industry standpoint and includes businesses engaged in manufacturing, wholesaling, retailing, agribusiness, insurance, financial services, public utilities, health care, and other service businesses. Emphasis is upon middle-market and community businesses with known local management and financial stability. Consistent with management s strategy and emphasis upon relationship banking, most borrowing customers also maintain deposit accounts and utilize other banking services. Net loan charge-offs in this category totaled 1.1 million in 2022 compared to net loan recoveries of 4.8 million in 2021. Non-accrual business loans were 6.8 million (.1 of business loans) at December 31, 2022 compared to 7.3 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Real Estate-Construction and Land 
 The portfolio of loans in this category amounted to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 242.8 million, or 21.7 , from the prior year and comprised 8.3 of the Company s total loan portfolio. Commercial construction and land development loans totaled 1.2 billion, or 86.2 of total construction loans at December 31, 2022. These loans increased 201.6 million from 2021 year end balances, driving the growth in the total construction portfolio. Commercial construction loans are made during the construction phase for small and medium-sized office and medical buildings, manufacturing and warehouse facilities, apartment complexes, shopping centers, hotels and motels, and other commercial properties. Commercial land development loans relate to land owned or developed for use in conjunction with business properties. Residential construction and land development loans at December 31, 2022 totaled 188.3 million, or 13.8 of total construction loans. A stable construction market has contributed to low loss rates on these loans, with net loan charge-offs of nearly zero in both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Real Estate-Business 
 Total business real estate loans were 3.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and comprised 20.9 of the Company s total loan portfolio. This category includes mortgage loans for small and medium-sized office and medical buildings, manufacturing and warehouse facilities, distribution facilities, multi-family housing, farms, shopping centers, hotels and motels, churches, and other commercial properties. The business real estate borrowers and/or properties are generally located in local and regional markets where Commerce does business, and emphasis is placed on owner-occupied lending (33.3 of this portfolio), which presents lower risk levels. Additional information about business real estate loans by borrower is disclosed within the Real Estate - Business Loans section of the Risk Elements of Loan Portfolio section located within Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. At December 31, 2022, balances of non-accrual loans amounted to 189 thousand, less than .1 of business real estate loans, down from 214 thousand at year end 2021. The Company experienced net loan recoveries of 20 thousand in 2022, compared to net loan recoveries of 64 thousand in 2021. 

Personal Banking Loans 
 Real Estate-Personal 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 2.9 billion in outstanding personal real estate loans, which comprised 17.9 of the Company s total loan portfolio. The mortgage loans in this category are mainly for owner-occupied residential properties. The Company originates both adjustable and fixed rate mortgage loans, and at December 31, 2022, 33 of the portfolio was comprised of adjustable rate loans, while 67 was comprised of fixed rate loans. The Company does not purchase any loans from outside parties or brokers. 
 
 The Company originates certain mortgage loans with the intent to sell to the secondary market, generally FNMA or FHLMC conforming fixed rate loans. The remaining loans are originated with the intent to hold to maturity. Of the 699 million of mortgage loans originated in 2022, 111.3 million were sold to the secondary market. This compares to 1.3 billion of mortgage loans originated and 547.1 million of loans sold to the secondary market in 2021. The decrease in loan sales during 2022 compared to 2021 was partly due to lower demand for mortgage loans, as well as the Company's temporary pause on loan sales in late 2022. 
 
 The Company has experienced lower credit losses on loans in this category than many others in the industry and believes this is partly because of its conservative underwriting culture and the fact that it does not purchase loans from brokers. Net loan 
 34 

Table of Conte nts 

 recoveries in 2022 totaled 74 thousand, and net loan recoveries were 98 thousand in 2021. Balances of non-accrual loans in this category were 1.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.6 million at year end 2021. 
 
 Consumer 
 Consumer loans consist of private banking, automobile, motorcycle, marine, tractor/trailer, recreational vehicle (RV), fixed rate home equity, patient health care financing and other types of consumer loans. These loans totaled 2.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Approximately 39 of the consumer portfolio consists of automobile loans, 32 in private banking loans, 11 in fixed rate home equity loans, and 10 in healthcare financing loans. Total consumer loans increased 26.9 million at year end 2022 compared to year end 2021. Growth of 77.6 million in private banking loans was supplemented by increases in patient healthcare financing and fixed rate home equity loans. These increases in consumer loan balances were partially offset by declines of 56.8 million in automobile loans and 19.2 million in motorcycle loans. Net charge-offs on total consumer loans were 3.8 million in 2022, compared to 2.6 million in 2021, averaging .18 and .13 of consumer loans in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Revolving Home Equity 
 Revolving home equity loans, of which more than 99 are adjustable rate loans, totaled 297.2 million at year end 2022. An additional 846.4 million was available in unused lines of credit, which can be drawn at the discretion of the borrower. Home equity loans are secured mainly by second mortgages (and less frequently, first mortgages) on residential property of the borrower. The underwriting terms for the home equity line product permit borrowing availability, in the aggregate, generally up to 80 or 90 of the appraised value of the collateral property at the time of origination. Net loan recoveries were 60 thousand in 2022, compared to net loan charge-offs of nearly zero in 2021. 
 
 Consumer Credit Card 
 Total consumer credit card loans amounted to 584.0 million at December 31, 2022 and comprised 3.6 of the Company s total loan portfolio. The credit card portfolio is concentrated within regional markets served by the Company. The Company offers a variety of credit card products, including affinity cards, rewards cards, and standard and premium credit cards, and emphasizes its credit card relationship product, Special Connections. Approximately 38 of the households that own a Commerce credit card product also maintain a deposit relationship with the subsidiary bank. Approximately 95 of the outstanding credit card loan balances had a floating interest rate at year end 2022, unchanged from year end 2021. Net charge-offs amounted to 12.7 million in 2022, a decrease of 7.4 million from 20.0 million in 2021. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 At December 31, 2022, loans held for sale were comprised of certain loans extended to students while attending colleges and universities. The student loans, carried at the lower of cost or fair value, totaled 4.9 million at December 31, 2022. This portfolio is further discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 

35 

Table of Conte nts 

 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Liability for Unfunded Lending Commitments 
 To determine the amount of the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments, the Company has established a process which assesses the risks and losses expected in its portfolios. This process provides an allowance based on estimates of allowances for pools of loans and unfunded lending commitments, as well as a second, smaller component based on certain individually evaluated loans and unfunded lending commitments. The Company's policies and processes for determining the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments are discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements and in the " Allowance for Credit Losses " discussion within Critical Accounting Policies above. 
 
 Loans subject to individual evaluation generally consist of business, construction, business real estate and personal real estate loans on non-accrual status. These non-accrual loans are evaluated individually for impairment based on factors such as payment history, borrower financial condition and collateral. For collateral dependent loans, appraisals of collateral (including exit costs) are normally obtained annually but discounted based on the date last received and market conditions. From these evaluations of expected cash flows and collateral values, specific allowances are determined. 
 
 Loans which are not individually evaluated are segregated by loan type and sub-type and are collectively evaluated. These loans consist of commercial loans (business, construction and business real estate) which have been graded pass, special mention, or substandard, and also include all personal banking loans except personal real estate loans on non-accrual status. Collectively-evaluated loans include certain troubled debt restructurings with similar risk characteristics. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments are estimates that require significant judgment including projections of the macro-economic environment. The Company utilizes a third-party macro-economic forecast that continuously changes due to economic conditions and events. These changes in the forecast cause fluctuations in the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments. The Company uses judgment to assess the macro-economic forecast and internal loss data in estimating the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments. These estimates are subject to periodic refinement based on changes in the underlying external and internal data. 
 
 The Company has internal credit administration and loan review staff that continuously review loan quality and report the results of their reviews and examinations to the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. Such reviews also assist management in establishing the level of the allowance. The Company s subsidiary bank continues to be subject to examination by several regulatory agencies, and examinations are conducted throughout the year, targeting various segments of the loan portfolio for review. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on the allowance and charge-off policies. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses on loans was 150.1 million, compared to 150.0 million at December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses related to commercial loans increased 5.5 million during 2022, due to increases in the allowance for construction and business loans of 5.6 million and 2.4 million, respectively, partly offset by a decrease in the allowance for business real estate loans of 2.5 million. The increase in the allowance for credit losses on the commercial portfolio is due to an increase in outstanding loan balances, partially offset by a reduction in certain pandemic-related reserves, as those uncertainties and concerns began to resolve. Compared to December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses on consumer credit card loans decreased 10.6 million, due to the changing forecast, as concerns related to COVID-19 lessened. This decrease was partly offset by a 4.7 million increase in the allowance for personal real estate loans, as prepayment speeds slowed, extending the estimated average life of the loans and increasing the related allowance. T he provision for credit losses, which includes the provision for loans and unfunded lending commitments, was 28.1 million for the year, compared to a benefit of 66.3 million in 2021. During 2021, the allowance for credit losses built in 2020 to estimate the impact of the pandemic were released as the economic forecast and loss projections improved. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for the various model assumptions utilized in the Company's CECL estimate at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The percentage of allowance to loans decreased to .92 at December 31, 2022, compared to .99 at December 30, 2021. The percentage of allowance to commercial portfolio loans decreased to .99 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.03 at December 30, 2021, and the percentage of allowance to personal banking loans decreased to .80 at December 31, 2022 from .92 at December 31, 2021. The allowance fell as a percentage of loans at December 31, 2022 as the forecast used in the Company's CECL model moved away from the forecast estimating losses related to the trailing impact of the unprecedented pandemic at year end 2021 to a forecast showing a near term mild recession. 
 
 36 

Table of Conte nts 

 Total loans delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing were 15.8 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.1 million compared to year end 2021. The increase was mainly driven by growth of 3.7 million in personal real estate loans. Non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 were 8.3 million, a decrease of 851 thousand from the prior year, mainly due to declines in business and personal real estate non-accrual loans of 561 thousand and 264 thousand, respectively. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans was 1,807.6 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1,638.6 at December 31, 2021. The increase in the ratio of the allowance to non-accrual loans was driven by the decrease in non-accrual loans outstanding. The 2022 year-end balance of non-accrual loans was comprised of 6.8 million of business loans, 1.4 million of personal real estate loans, and 189 thousand of business real estate loans. 
 
 Net loan charge-offs totaled 19.1 million in 2022, representing a 496 thousand increase compared to net charge-offs of 18.6 million in 2021. The increase was largely due to net charge-offs of 1.1 million on business loans during 2022, compared to net recoveries of 4.8 million in the prior year, and higher net charge-offs on consumer loans of 1.2 million in 2022. These increases to net charge-offs were partly offset by lower consumer credit card loan net charge-offs of 7.4 million. Consumer credit card loan net charge-offs were 2.31 of average consumer credit card loans in 2022, compared to 3.47 in 202 1. Consumer credit card loan net charge-offs as a percentage of total net charge-offs decreased to 66.4 in 2022, compared to 107.8 in 2021 . Consumer loan net charge-offs were .18 of average consumer loans in 2022, compared to .13 in 2021, and represented 19.9 of total net loan charge-offs in 2022. The ratio of net loan charge-offs to total average loans outstanding was .12 in both 2022 and 2021 and .22 in 2020. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the liability for unfunded lending commitments was 33.1 million, an increase of 8.9 million compared to December 31, 2021. The increase in the liability for unfunded lending commitments during 2022 was driven primarily by increases in the balance and the average term of unfunded lending commitments. The Company's unfunded lending commitments primarily relate to construction loans, and the Company's estimate for credit losses in its unfunded lending commitments utilizes the same model and forecast as its estimate for credit losses on loans. See Note 2 for further discussion of the model inputs utilized in the Company's estimate of credit losses. 
 
 The Company considers the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments adequate to cover losses expected in the loan portfolio, including unfunded commitments, at December 31, 2022. 

37 

Table of Conte nts 

 The schedules which follow summarize the relationship between loan balances and activity in the allowance for credit losses on loans: 
 
 Years Ended December 31 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Loans outstanding at end of year (A) 
 16,303,131 15,176,359 16,329,641 Average loans outstanding (A) 
 15,561,987 15,664,388 15,896,848 Allowance for credit losses: 
 Balance at end of prior year 150,044 220,834 160,682 Adoption of ASU 2016-13 (21,039) Balance at beginning of year 150,044 220,834 139,643 Provision for credit losses on loans 19,155 (52,223) 116,049 Loans charged off: Business 1,474 810 7,862 Real estate construction and land 3 Real estate business 6 155 Real estate personal 159 134 42 Consumer 6,073 5,370 7,769 Revolving home equity 77 188 79 Consumer credit card 19,039 27,461 32,541 Overdrafts 2,414 1,506 1,754 Total loans charged off 29,242 35,627 50,047 Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Business 421 5,568 4,197 Real estate construction and land 2 3 Real estate business 26 219 47 Real estate personal 233 232 333 Consumer 2,283 2,814 3,325 Revolving home equity 137 185 245 Consumer credit card 6,381 7,453 6,562 Overdrafts 698 587 477 Total recoveries 
 10,179 17,060 15,189 Net loans charged off 19,063 18,567 34,858 Balance at end of year 150,136 150,044 220,834 Ratio of allowance to loans at end of year 
 .92 .99 1.35 Ratio of provision to average loans outstanding .12 (.33) .73 Non-accrual loans 8,306 9,157 26,540 Ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans outstanding .05 .06 .16 Ratio of allowance for credit losses on loans to non-accrual loans 1,807.56 1,638.57 832.08 
 (A) Net of unearned income, before deducting allowance for credit losses on loans, excluding loans held for sale. 
 38 

Table of Conte nts 

 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans outstanding, by loan category: 
 Business .02 (.08) .06 Real estate construction and land Real estate business Real estate personal (.01) Consumer .18 .13 .23 Revolving home equity (.02) (.05) Consumer credit card 2.31 3.47 3.88 Overdrafts 30.40 21.20 38.11 Ratio of total net charge-offs to total average loans outstanding 
 .12 .12 .22 
 Average loans outstanding by loan class are listed on the Company's average balance sheet on page 60 . 
 
 The following schedule provides a breakdown of the allowance for credit losses on loans (ACL) by loan category and the percentage of each loan category to total loans outstanding at year end. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 

Credit Loss Allowance Allocation of Loans to Total Loans of ACL to Loan Category Credit Loss Allowance Allocation of Loans to Total Loans of ACL to Loan Category Business 46,340 34.8 .82 43,943 34.9 .83 RE construction and land 
 28,799 8.3 2.12 23,171 7.4 2.07 RE business 28,154 20.9 .83 30,662 20.2 1.00 RE personal 10,047 17.9 .34 5,331 18.5 .19 Consumer 10,252 12.6 .50 10,073 13.4 .50 Revolving home equity 1,576 1.8 .53 1,217 1.8 .44 Consumer credit card 24,858 3.6 4.26 35,467 3.8 6.16 Overdrafts 110 .1 .74 180 2.67 Total 150,136 100.0 .92 150,044 100.0 .99 

39 

Table of Conte nts 

 Risk Elements of the Loan Portfolio 
 Management reviews the loan portfolio continuously for evidence of problem loans. During the ordinary course of business, management becomes aware of borrowers that may not be able to meet the contractual requirements of loan agreements. Such loans are placed under close supervision with consideration given to placing the loan on non-accrual status, the need for an additional allowance for credit loss, and (if appropriate) partial or full loan charge-off. Loans are placed on non-accrual status when management does not expect to collect payments consistent with acceptable and agreed upon terms of repayment. After a loan is placed on non-accrual status, any interest previously accrued but not yet collected is reversed against current income. Interest is included in income only as received and only after all previous loan charge-offs have been recovered, so long as management is satisfied there is no impairment of collateral values. The loan is returned to accrual status only when the borrower has brought all past due principal and interest payments current, and, in the opinion of management, the borrower has demonstrated the ability to make future payments of principal and interest as scheduled. Loans that are 90 days past due as to principal and/or interest payments are generally placed on non-accrual, unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection, or they are comprised of those personal banking loans that are exempt under regulatory rules from being classified as non-accrual. Consumer installment loans and related accrued interest are normally charged down to the fair value of related collateral (or are charged off in full if no collateral) once the loans are more than 120 days delinquent. Credit card loans and the related accrued interest are charged off when the receivable is more than 180 days past due. 
 
 The following schedule shows non-performing assets and loans past due 90 days and still accruing interest. 
 
 December 31 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total non-accrual loans 
 8,306 9,157 26,540 10,220 12,536 Real estate acquired in foreclosure 
 96 115 93 365 1,413 Total non-performing assets 8,402 9,272 26,633 10,585 13,949 Non-performing assets as a percentage of total loans 
 .05 .06 .16 .07 .10 Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 
 .03 .03 .08 .04 .05 Loans past due 90 days and still accruing interest 
 15,830 11,726 22,190 19,859 16,658 
 
 Non-accrual loans totaled 8.3 million at year end 2022, a decrease of 851 thousand from the balance at year end 2021. The decrease from December 31, 2021 occurred mainly in business loans, which decreased 561 thousand, and personal real estate loans, which decreased 265 thousand. At December 31, 2022, non-accrual loans were comprised of business (81.3 ), personal real estate (16.4 ), and business real estate (2.3 loans. Foreclosed real estate totaled 96 thousand at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 19 thousand when compared to December 31, 2021. Total non-performing assets remain low compared to the overall banking industry in 2022, with the non-performing assets to total loans ratio at .05 at December 31, 2022. Total loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest were 15.8 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.1 million when compared to December 31, 2021. Balances by class for non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days and still accruing interest are shown in the "Delinquent and non-accrual loans" section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In addition to the non-performing and past due loans mentioned above, the Company also has identified loans for which management has concerns about the ability of the borrowers to meet existing repayment terms. They are classified as substandard under the Company s internal rating system. The loans are generally secured by either real estate or other borrower assets, reducing the potential for loss should they become non-performing. Although these loans are generally identified as potential problem loans, they may never become non-performing. Such loans totaled 259.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 278.7 million at December 31, 2021, resulting in a decrease of 19.0 million or 6.8 . The decrease in potential problem loans was largely driven by an 18.2 million decrease in business real estate loans, partly offset by a 7.2 million increase in construction loans. 
 
 December 31 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Potential problem loans: Business 29,455 37,143 Real estate construction and land 47,493 40,259 Real estate business 182,526 200,766 Real estate personal 250 526 Total potential problem loans 259,724 278,694 
 40 

Table of Conte nts 

 Loans with Special Risk Characteristics 
 Management relies primarily on an internal risk rating system, in addition to delinquency status, to assess risk in the loan portfolio, and these statistics are presented in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. However, certain types of loans are considered at a higher risk of loss due to their terms, location, or special conditions. Construction and land loans and business real estate loans are subject to higher risk because of the impact that volatile interest rates and a changing economy can have on real estate value, and because of the potential volatility of the real estate industry. Certain home equity loans have contractual features that could increase credit exposure in a market of declining real estate prices, when interest rates are steadily increasing, or when a geographic area experiences an economic downturn. For these home equity loans, higher risks could exist when 1) loan terms require a minimum monthly payment that covers only interest, or 2) loan-to-collateral value (LTV) ratios at origination are above 80 , with no private mortgage insurance. Information presented below for home equity loans is based on LTV ratios which were calculated with valuations at loan origination date. The Company does not obtain updated appraisals or valuations unless the loans become significantly delinquent or are in the process of being foreclosed upon. For credit monitoring purposes, the Company analyzes delinquency information, current FICO scores, and line utilization. This has remained an effective means of evaluating credit trends and identifying problem loans, partly because the Company offers standard, conservative lending products. 
 
 Real Estate - Construction and Land Loans 
 The Company s portfolio of construction and land loans, as shown in the table below, amounted to 8.3 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. The largest component of construction and land loans was commercial construction, which increased 199.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, multi-family residential construction loans totaled approximately 303.5 million, or 27.0 , of the commercial construction loan portfolio. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 of Total of Total Loans December 31, 2021 of Total of Total Loans Commercial construction 1,122,105 82.4 6.9 922,654 82.5 6.1 Residential construction 138,311 10.2 .8 96,618 8.6 .7 Commercial land and land development 50,667 3.7 .3 48,481 4.3 .3 Residential land and land development 50,012 3.7 .3 50,513 4.6 .3 Total real estate construction and land loans 
 1,361,095 100.0 8.3 1,118,266 100.0 7.4 
 
 Real Estate Business Loans 
 Total business real estate loans were 3.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and comprised 20.9 of the Company s total loan portfolio. These loans include properties such as manufacturing and warehouse buildings, distribution facilities, small office and medical buildings, churches, hotels and motels, shopping centers, and other commercial properties. Approximately 33.3 of these loans were for owner-occupied real estate properties, which present lower risk profiles. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 of Total of Total Loans December 31, 2021 of Total of Total Loans Owner-occupied 1,136,189 33.3 7.0 1,188,469 38.9 7.8 Office 497,601 14.6 3.1 380,101 12.4 2.5 Industrial 478,534 14.0 2.9 99,800 3.3 .7 Retail 322,971 9.5 2.0 339,874 11.1 2.2 Multi-family 308,156 9.0 1.9 354,282 11.6 2.3 Hotels 230,972 6.8 1.4 234,673 7.7 1.5 Farm 195,920 5.8 1.2 178,780 5.8 1.2 Senior living 131,217 3.9 .8 174,871 5.7 1.2 Other 105,421 3.1 .6 107,987 3.5 .8 Total real estate - business loans 3,406,981 100.0 20.9 3,058,837 100.0 20.2 
 
 41 

Table of Conte nts 

 Revolving Home Equity Loans 
 The Company has revolving home equity loans that are generally collateralized by residential real estate. Most of these loans (91.4 are written with terms requiring interest-only monthly payments. These loans are offered in three main product lines: LTV up to 80 , 80 to 90 , and 90 to 100 . As shown in the following tables, the percentage of loans with LTV ratios greater than 80 has remained a small segment of this portfolio, and delinquencies have been low and stable. The weighted average FICO score for the total portfolio balance at December 31, 2022 was 789. At maturity, the accounts are re-underwritten and if they qualify under the Company's credit, collateral and capacity policies, the borrower is given the option to renew the line of credit or to convert the outstanding balance to an amortizing loan. If criteria are not met, amortization is required, or the borrower may pay off the loan. Over the next three years, approximately 19.3 of the Company's current outstanding balances are expected to mature. Of these balances, 88.1 have a FICO score above 700. The Company does not expect a significant increase in losses as these loans mature, due to their high FICO scores, low LTVs, and low historical loss levels. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Principal Outstanding at December 31, 2022 New Lines Originated During 2022 Unused Portion of Available Lines at December 31, 2022 Balances Over 30 Days Past Due Loans with interest-only payments 271,772 91.4 232,767 78.3 822,413 276.7 1,757 .6 Loans with LTV: 
 Between 80 and 90 30,110 10.1 18,229 6.1 49,154 16.5 97 Over 90 2,288 0.8 820 .3 2,469 0.8 16 Over 80 LTV 32,398 10.9 19,049 6.4 51,623 17.4 113 Total loan portfolio from which above loans were identified 
 297,207 244,310 846,361 
 Percentage of total principal outstanding of 297.2 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Principal Outstanding at December 31, 2021 New Lines Originated During 2021 Unused Portion of Available Lines at December 31, 2021 Balances Over 30 Days Past Due Loans with interest-only payments 
 255,636 92.6 145,968 52.9 760,706 275.7 1,344 .5 Loans with LTV: 
 Between 80 and 90 
 28,682 10.4 17,887 6.5 47,283 17.1 222 .1 Over 90 
 2,262 0.8 2,666 1.0 Over 80 LTV 
 30,944 11.2 17,887 6.5 49,949 18.1 222 .1 Total loan portfolio from which above loans were identified 
 275,945 154,000 784,262 
 Percentage of total principal outstanding of 275.9 million at December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Consumer Loans 
 The Company's consumer loans totaled 2.1 billion and comprised 13 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. Within the consumer loan portfolio are several direct and indirect product lines comprised mainly of loans secured by automobiles, motorcycles, marine, and RVs. Auto loans comprised 39 of the consumer loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, and outstanding balances in the auto loan portfolio were 798.6 million and 855.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balances over 30 days past due amounted to 9.9 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 9.0 million at the end of 2021, and comprised 1.2 of the outstanding balances of these loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.1 at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 329.3 million of new auto loans were originated, compared to 400.8 million during 2021. At December 31, 2022, the automobile loan portfolio had a weighted average FICO score of 755, and net charge-offs on auto loans were .26 of average auto loans. 
 
 The Company's consumer loan portfolio also includes fixed rate home equity loans, typically for home repair or remodeling, and these loans comprised 11 of the consumer loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Losses on these loans have historically been low, and the Company saw net recoveries of 46 thousand in 2022. Private banking loans comprised 32 of the consumer loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. The Company's private banking loans are generally well-collateralized and at December 31, 2022 were secured primarily by assets held by the Company's trust department. The remaining portion of the Company's consumer loan portfolio is comprised of health services financing, motorcycles, marine and RV loans. Net charge-offs on private banking, health services financing, motorcycle and marine and RV loans totaled 1.7 million in 2022 and were .16 of the average balances of these loans at December 31, 2022. 
 42 

Table of Conte nts 

 Consumer Credit Card Loans 
 The Company offers low introductory rates on selected consumer credit card products. Out of a portfolio at December 31, 2022 of 584.0 million in consumer credit card loans outstanding, approximately 101.4 million, or 17.4 , carried a low promotional rate. Within the next six months, 37.3 million of these loans are scheduled to convert to the ongoing higher contractual rate. To mitigate some of the risk involved with this credit card promotional feature, the Company performs credit checks and detailed analysis of the customer borrowing profile before approving the loan application. Management believes that the risks in the consumer loan portfolio are reasonable and the anticipated loss ratios are within acceptable parameters. 
 
 Oil and Gas Energy Lending 
 The Company's energy lending portfolio was comprised of lending to the petroleum and natural gas sectors and totaled 296.4 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 35.8 million from year end 2021, as shown in the table below. 
 
 (In thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unfunded commitments at December 31, 2022 
 Extraction 235,933 184,840 145,523 Mid-stream shipping and storage 43,432 36,850 93,145 Downstream distribution and refining 7,675 24,915 34,735 Support activities 9,387 14,039 9,058 Total energy lending portfolio 296,427 260,644 282,461 
 
 Information about the credit quality of the Company's energy lending portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is provided in the table below. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 of Energy Lending December 31, 2021 of Energy Lending Pass 293,371 99.0 256,186 98.3 Special mention 1,232 .4 1,999 0.8 Substandard Non-accrual 1,824 .6 2,459 0.9 Total 296,427 100.0 260,644 100.0 
 
 Energy lending balances classified as non-accrual represented .6 of total energy lending loan balances at December 31, 2022. There were no balances classified as substandard at December 31, 2022. The Company recorded 5 thousand of recoveries on energy loans for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10 thousand of recoveries on energy loans for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

43 

Table of Conte nts 

 Investment Securities Analysis 
 Investment securities are comprised of securities that are classified as available for sale, equity, trading or other. The largest component, available for sale debt securities, decreased 4.7 during 2022 to 13.7 billion (excluding unrealized gains/losses in fair value) at year end 2022. During 2022, debt securities of 2.1 billion were purchased, which included 1.1 billion in asset-backed securities, 406.3 million in agency mortgage-backed securities, 207.9 million in non-agency mortgage-based securities, 150.1 million in state and municipal securities, and 152.9 million in U.S. government and federal agency obligations. Total sales, maturities and pay downs of available for sale debt securities were 2.8 billion during 2022. During 2023, maturities and pay downs of approximately 2.4 billion are expected to occur. The Company's tax-exempt investment portfolio is primarily comprised of tax-exempt municipal bonds and certain equity securities in its private equity investment portfolio. There were no significant changes to the Company's tax-exempt investment portfolio during 2022. The average tax equivalent yield earned on total investment securities was 2.15 in 2022 and 1.81 in 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the fair value of available for sale securities was 12.2 billion, which included a net unrealized loss in fair value of 1.5 billion, compared to a net unrealized gain of 30.9 million at December 31, 2021. The overall unrealized loss in fair value at December 31, 2022 included net losses of 43.4 million is U.S. government and federal agency obligations, net losses of 197.9 million in state and municipal securities, and net losses of 1.2 billion in mortgage and asset-backed securities. As described in Note 1, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, on January 1, 2020, and the current expected credit loss model (CECL) implemented by the Company requires that lifetime expected credit losses on securities be recorded in current earnings. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize a credit loss expense on any available for sale debt securities. 
 
 Available for sale investment securities at year end for the past two years are shown below: 
 
 December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Amortized Cost 
 U.S. government and federal agency obligations 1,078,807 1,035,477 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 55,729 50,773 State and municipal obligations 1,965,028 2,072,210 Agency mortgage-backed securities 5,087,893 5,698,088 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 1,423,469 1,383,037 Asset-backed securities 3,588,025 3,546,024 Other debt securities 539,255 633,524 Total available for sale debt securities 
 13,738,206 14,419,133 Fair Value 
 U.S. government and federal agency obligations 1,035,406 1,080,720 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 43,108 51,755 State and municipal obligations 1,767,109 2,096,827 Agency mortgage-backed securities 4,308,427 5,683,000 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 1,211,607 1,366,477 Asset-backed securities 3,397,801 3,539,219 Other debt securities 474,858 632,029 Total available for sale debt securities 
 12,238,316 14,450,027 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the available for sale portfolio included 4.3 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities, which are collateralized bonds issued by agencies including FNMA, GNMA, FHLMC, FHLB, Federal Farm Credit Banks and FDIC. Non-agency mortgage-backed securities totaled 1.2 billion and included 328.4 million collateralized by commercial mortgages and 883.2 million collateralized by residential mortgages at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, U.S. government obligations included TIPS of 373.8 million, at fair value. Other debt securities include corporate bonds, notes and commercial paper. 
 
 44 

Table of Conte nts 

 The types of securities held in the available for sale security portfolio at year end 2022 are presented in the table below. Additional detail by maturity category is provided in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Percent of Total Debt Securities 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Estimated Average Maturity 
 Available for sale debt securities: U.S. government and federal agency obligations 8.5 1.23 2.2 years Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 0.4 2.38 13.3 State and municipal obligations 14.3 2.00 6.3 Agency mortgage-backed securities 35.2 2.07 7.0 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 9.9 2.30 5.5 Asset-backed securities 27.8 2.07 2.0 Other debt securities 3.9 1.88 5.6 
 Based on call provisions and estimated prepayment speeds. 
 
 Equity securities include common and preferred stock with readily determinable fair values that totaled 6.2 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 7.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other securities totaled 225.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 194.0 million at December 31, 2021. These include Federal Reserve Bank stock and Federal Home Loan Bank (Des Moines) stock held by the bank subsidiary in accordance with debt and regulatory requirements. These are restricted securities and are carried at cost. The Company's equity method investments are carried at cost, adjusted to reflect the Company's portion of income, loss, or dividends of the investee. Also included in other securities are private equity investments which are held by a subsidiary qualified as a Small Business Investment Company. These investments are carried at estimated fair value, but are not readily marketable. While the nature of these investments carries a higher degree of risk than the normal lending portfolio, this risk is mitigated by the overall size of the investments and oversight provided by management, and management believes the potential for long-term gains in these investments outweighs the potential risks. 
 
 Other securities at year end for the past two years are shown below: 
 
 December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Federal Reserve Bank stock 
 34,795 34,379 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 10,678 10,428 Equity method investments 1,434 1,834 Private equity investments in debt securities 
 66,899 63,416 Private equity investments in equity securities 
 111,228 83,990 Total other securities 
 225,034 194,047 
 
 In addition to its holdings in the investment securities portfolio, the Company invests in securities purchased under agreements to resell, which totaled 825.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 1.6 billion at December 31, 2021. These investments mature in 2023 through 2025 and have fixed rates or variable rates that fluctuate with published indices. The counterparties to these agreements are other financial institutions from whom the Company has accepted collateral of 869.6 million in marketable investment securities at December 31, 2022. The average rate earned on these agreements during 2022 was 1.5 , compared to 2.9 in 2021. 
 
 The Company also holds offsetting repurchase and resale agreements totaling 200.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 400.0 million at December 31, 2021, which are further discussed in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. These agreements involve the exchange of collateral under simultaneous repurchase and resale agreements with the same financial institution counterparty. These repurchase and resale agreements have been offset against each other in the balance sheet, as permitted under current accounting guidance. The agreements mature in 2023 and earned an average of 29 basis points during 2022, compared to 30 basis points in 2021. 
 
 45 

Table of Conte nts 

 Deposits and Borrowings 
 Deposits, including both individual and corporate customers, are the primary funding source for the Bank and are acquired from a broad base of local markets. Total period-end deposits were 26.2 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 29.8 billion last year, reflecting an decrease of 3.6 billion, or 12.2 . 
 
 Average deposits increased 316.6 million, or 1.1 , in 2022 compared to 2021, resulting from increases in interest checking and money market account balances, and savings account balances of 1.1 billion and 133.5 million, respectively. Partially offsetting these increases in deposit balances were declines in certificates of deposit balances, which decreased 646.1 million in 2022. Additionally, average demand deposits decreased 275.7 million, primarily driven by lower balances in business demand deposits. 
 
 The following table shows year end deposit balances by type, as a percentage of total deposits. 
 
 December 31 2022 2021 Non-interest bearing 
 38.4 39.4 Savings, interest checking and money market 
 57.8 55.7 Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 
 1.5 1.5 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 and over 
 2.3 3.4 Total deposits 
 100.0 100.0 
 
 Core deposits, which include non-interest bearing, interest checking, savings, and money market deposits, supported 81 and 79 of average earning assets in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Average balances by major deposit category for the last six years are disclosed in the Average Balance Sheets section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below. A maturity schedule of all certificates of deposits outstanding at December 31, 2022 is included in Note 7 on Deposits in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Total uninsured deposits were calculated using the same methodology that the Company uses to determine uninsured deposits for regulatory reporting and amounted to 11.3 billion and 14.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The following table shows a detailed breakdown of the maturities of uninsured certificates of deposit at December 31, 2022. The Company estimated the uninsured deposits in the following table by aggregating all deposit balances by customer and assuming federal deposit insurance would first apply to demand deposits, followed by savings deposits, and lastly to time deposits (beginning with the earliest maturity deposits). 
 
 (In thousands) Uninsured Certificates of Deposit at December 31, 2022 
 Due in 3 months or less 188,297 Due in over 3 through 6 months 68,357 Due in over 6 through 12 months 140,672 Due in over 12 months 124,849 Total 522,175 
 
 The Company s primary sources of overnight borrowings are federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements). Balances in these accounts can fluctuate significantly on a day-to-day basis and generally have one day maturities. Total balances of federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements outstanding at December 31, 2022 were 2.8 billion, comprised of federal funds purchased of 159.9 million and repurchase agreements of 2.7 billion. These balances increased 116.5 million from the federal funds purchased and decreased 297.7 million from the repurchase agreements outstanding at December 31, 2021. On an average basis, these borrowings increased 104.4 million, or 4.5 , during 2022, due to an increase of 44.8 million in repurchase agreements and 59.6 million in federal funds purchased. The average rate was 2.21 paid on federal funds purchased and 1.02 paid on repurchase agreements during 2022, compared to the average rate paid on both federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements of .07 during 2021. 
 
 In addition to the funding sources above, the Company may borrow from the FHLB on a short-term basis (borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year) and long-term basis. During 2022, the Company had average short-term borrowings of 45.1 million. All of the short-term borrowings were repaid by the Company before December 31, 2022, and the average 
 46 

Table of Conte nts 

 rate paid on the FHLB borrowings during 2022 was 4.02 . The Company did not have any short-term FHLB borrowings during 2021. The Company did not borrow any long-term funds from the FHLB during 2022 or 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity is managed within the Company in order to satisfy cash flow requirements of deposit and borrowing customers while at the same time meeting its own cash flow needs. The Company has taken numerous steps to address liquidity risk and has developed a variety of liquidity sources which it believes will provide the necessary funds for future growth. The Company manages its liquidity position through a variety of sources including: 
 A portfolio of liquid assets including marketable investment securities and overnight investments, 
 A large customer deposit base and limited exposure to large, volatile certificates of deposit, 
 Lower long-term borrowings that might place demands on Company cash flow, 
 Relatively low loan to deposit ratio promoting strong liquidity, 
 Excellent debt ratings from both Standard Poor s and Moody s national rating services, and 
 Available borrowing capacity from outside sources. 
 
 The Company s most liquid assets include available for sale debt securities, federal funds sold, balances at the Federal Reserve Bank, and securities purchased under agreements to resell. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, such assets were as follows: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Available for sale debt securities 
 12,238,316 14,450,027 Federal funds sold 
 49,505 2,800 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 825,000 1,625,000 Balances at the Federal Reserve Bank 
 389,140 3,971,217 Total 13,501,961 20,049,044 
 
 There were 49.5 million federal funds sold at December 31, 2022, which are funds lent to the Company s correspondent bank customers with overnight maturities. Resale agreements, maturing through 2025, totaled 825.0 million at December 31, 2022. Under these agreements, the Company lends funds to upstream financial institutions and holds marketable securities, safe-kept by a third-party custodian, as collateral. This collateral totaled 869.6 million in fair value at December 31, 2022. Interest earning balances at the Federal Reserve Bank, which have overnight maturities and are used for general liquidity purposes, totaled 389.1 million at December 31, 2022. The fair value of the available for sale debt portfolio was 12.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and included an unrealized net loss of 1.5 billion. The total net unrealized loss included net loss of 1.2 billion on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, 197.9 million on state and municipal obligations, and 43.4 million on U.S. government and federal agency obligations. 
 
 Approximately 2.4 billion of the available for sale debt portfolio is expected to mature or pay down during 2023, and these funds offer substantial resources to meet either new loan demand or help offset potential reductions in the Company s deposit funding base. The Company pledges portions of its investment securities portfolio to secure public fund deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, trust funds, letters of credit issued by the FHLB, and borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total investment securities pledged for these purposes were as follows: 
 
 47 

Table of Conte nts 

 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Investment securities pledged for the purpose of securing: Federal Reserve Bank borrowings 11,469 17,465 FHLB borrowings and letters of credit 1,817 3,218 Repurchase agreements 2,950,240 3,475,589 Other deposits 1,772,974 2,897,576 Total pledged securities 4,736,500 6,393,848 Unpledged and available for pledging 6,545,695 6,913,721 Ineligible for pledging 956,121 1,142,458 Total available for sale debt securities, at fair value 
 12,238,316 14,450,027 
 Includes securities pledged for collateral swaps, as discussed in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 The average loans to deposits ratio is a measure of a bank's liquidity, and the Company s average loans to deposits ratio was 55.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Core customer deposits, defined as non-interest bearing, interest checking, savings, and money market deposit accounts, totaled 25.2 billion and represented 96.2 of the Company s total deposits at December 31, 2022. These core deposits are normally less volatile, often with customer relationships tied to other products offered by the Company promoting long lasting relationships and stable funding sources. Core deposits decreased 3.2 billion at year end 2022 compared to year end 2021, primarily due to decreases in commercial and wealth management deposits of 2.0 billion and 820 million, respectively. While the Company considers core consumer and wealth management deposits less volatile, corporate deposits could decline if interest rates increase significantly, encouraging corporate customers to increase investing activities, or if the economy declines and companies experience lower cash inflows, reducing deposit balances. If these corporate deposits decline, the Company's funding needs can be met by liquidity supplied by investment security maturities and pay downs expected to total 2.4 billion over the next year, as noted above. In addition, as shown in the table of collateral available for future advances below, the Company has borrowing capacity of 2.1 billion through advances from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve. 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Core deposit base: Non-interest bearing 10,066,356 11,772,374 Interest checking 1,854,336 3,227,822 Savings and money market 13,272,645 13,370,263 Total 25,193,337 28,370,459 
 
 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 or greater totaled 607 million at December 31, 2022. These deposits are normally considered more volatile and higher costing, and comprised 2.3 of total deposits at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other important components of liquidity are the level of borrowings from third party sources and the availability of future credit. The Company s outside borrowings are mainly comprised of federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements, as follows: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Borrowings: 
 Federal funds purchased 159,860 43,385 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 2,681,874 2,979,582 Other debt 9,672 12,560 Total 2,851,406 3,035,527 
 
 Federal funds purchased, which totaled 159.9 million at December 31, 2022, are unsecured overnight borrowings obtained mainly from upstream correspondent banks with which the Company maintains approved lines of credit. Retail repurchase agreements are offered to customers wishing to earn interest in highly liquid balances and are used by the Company as a funding source considered to be stable, but short-term in nature. Repurchase agreements are collateralized by securities in the Company s investment portfolio. Total repurchase agreements at December 31, 2022 were comprised of non-insured customer funds totaling 2.7 billion, and securities pledged for these retail agreements totaled 2.7 billion. 
 
 48 

Table of Conte nts 

 The Company pledges certain assets, including loans and investment securities to both the Federal Reserve Bank and the FHLB as security to establish lines of credit and borrow from these entities. Based on the amount and type of collateral pledged, the FHLB establishes a collateral value from which the Company may draw advances against the collateral. Additionally, this collateral is used to enable the FHLB to issue letters of credit in favor of public fund depositors of the Company. The Federal Reserve Bank also establishes a collateral value of assets pledged and permits borrowings from the discount window. The following table reflects the collateral value of assets pledged, borrowings, and letters of credit outstanding, in addition to the estimated future funding capacity available to the Company at December 31, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2022 (In thousands) 
 FHLB 
 Federal Reserve Total 
 Total collateral value established by FHLB and FRB 1,855,080 953,083 2,808,163 Letters of credit issued (678,215) (678,215) Available for future advances 1,176,865 953,083 2,129,948 
 
 The Company receives outside ratings from both Standard Poor s and Moody s on both the consolidated company and its subsidiary bank, Commerce Bank. These ratings are as follows: 
 
 Standard Poor s Moody s Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 Issuer rating A- Rating outlook Stable Commerce Bank 
 Issuer rating A A2 Baseline credit assessment a1 Short-term rating A-1 P-1 Rating outlook Stable Stable 
 
 The Company considers these ratings to be indications of a sound capital base and strong liquidity and believes that these ratings would help ensure the ready marketability of its commercial paper, should the need arise. No commercial paper has been outstanding during the past ten years. The Company has no subordinated or hybrid debt instruments which would affect future borrowing capacity. Because of its lack of significant long-term debt, the Company believes that, through its Capital Markets Group or in other public debt markets, it could generate additional liquidity from sources such as jumbo certificates of deposit, privately-placed corporate notes or other forms of debt. 
 
 The cash flows from the operating, investing and financing activities of the Company resulted in a net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 3.4 billion in 2022, as reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Operating activities, consisting mainly of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, provided cash flow of 559.4 million and has historically been a stable source of funds. Investing activities provided cash of 242.3 million. Sales and maturities proceeds (net of purchases) of investment securities provided cash of 650.4 million, repayments of securities purchased under agreements to resell (net of securities purchased under agreements to resell) provided cash of 800.0 million, and a net increase in the loan portfolio used cash of 1.1 billion. Investing activities are somewhat unique to financial institutions in that, while large sums of cash flow are normally used to fund growth in investment securities, loans, or other bank assets, they are normally dependent on the financing activities described below. 
 
 During 2022, financing activities used cash of 4.2 billion. This decrease in cash was largely driven by a decline in deposits, which used cash of 3.7 billion. Federal funds purchases and short-term securities sold under agreements to repurchase used cash in the amount of 181.2 million. The Company paid cash dividends of 127.5 million on common stock, and treasury stock purchases used cash of 186.6 million during 2022. Future short-term liquidity needs for daily operations are not expected to vary significantly, and the Company believes it maintains adequate liquidity to meet these cash flows. 
 
 49 

Table of Conte nts 

 Cash outflows resulting from the Company s transactions in its common and preferred stock were as follows: 
 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Purchases of treasury stock 
 186.6 129.4 54.2 Common cash dividends paid 
 127.5 122.7 120.8 Preferred stock redemption 
 150.0 Preferred cash dividends paid 
 6.8 Cash used 
 314.1 252.1 331.8 
 The period ended December 31, 2020 includes 5.2 million of excess redemption costs over the book value of the preferred stock. This excess payment was considered a dividend. 
 
 The Parent faces unique liquidity constraints due to legal limitations on its ability to borrow funds from its bank subsidiary. The Parent obtains funding to meet its obligations from two main sources: dividends received from bank and non-bank subsidiaries (within regulatory limitations) and management fees charged to subsidiaries as reimbursement for services provided by the Parent, as presented below: 
 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Dividends received from subsidiaries 
 300.0 340.0 210.0 Management fees 
 38.6 36.3 33.5 Total 
 338.6 376.3 243.5 
 
 These sources of funds are used mainly to pay cash dividends on outstanding stock, pay general operating expenses, and purchase treasury stock. At December 31, 2022, the Parent s investment securities totaled 16.3 million at fair value, consisting mainly of corporate bonds and preferred stock. To support its various funding commitments, the Parent maintains a 20.0 million line of credit with its subsidiary bank. There were no borrowings outstanding under the line during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Company senior management is responsible for measuring and monitoring the liquidity profile of the organization with oversight by the Company s Asset/Liability Committee. This is done through a series of controls, including a written Contingency Funding Policy and risk monitoring procedures, which include daily, weekly and monthly reporting. In addition, the Company prepares forecasts to project changes in the balance sheet affecting liquidity and to allow the Company to better plan for forecasted changes. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements, Contractual Obligations, Commitments, and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company's material cash requirements include commitments for contractual obligations (both short-term and long-term), commitments to extend credit, and off-balance sheet arrangements. The Company's material cash requirements for the next 12 months are primarily to fund loan growth. Additionally, the Company will utilize cash to fund deposit maturities and withdrawals that may occur in the next 12 months. Other contractual obligations, purchase commitments, lease obligations, and unfunded commitments may require cash payments by the Company within the next 12 months, and these, along with longer-term obligations, are discussed below. 
 
 A table summarizing contractual cash obligations of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the expected timing of these payments follows: 
 
 Payments Due by Period (In thousands) In One Year or Less After One Year Through Three Years After Three Years Through Five Years After Five Years Total Operating lease obligations 6,430 8,248 5,241 14,370 34,289 Purchase obligations 234,955 413,217 125,675 128,957 902,804 Certificates of Deposit 726,984 232,118 34,919 82 994,103 Total 968,369 653,583 165,835 143,409 1,931,196 
 Includes principal payments only. 
 
 In the normal course of business, various commitments and contingent liabilities arise that are not required to be recorded on the balance sheet. The most significant of these are loan commitments totaling 14.3 billion (including approximately 5.2 billion in unused, approved credit card lines) and the contractual amount of standby letters of credit totaling 555.9 million at 
 50 

Table of Conte nts 

 December 31, 2022. As many commitments expire unused or only partially used, these totals do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements. Management does not anticipate any material losses arising from commitments or contingent liabilities and believes there are no material commitments to extend credit that represent risks of an unusual nature. 
 
 The Company funds a defined benefit pension plan for a portion of its employees. Under the funding policy for the plan, contributions are made as necessary to provide for current service and for any unfunded accrued actuarial liabilities over a reasonable period. No contributions to the defined benefit plan were made in 2022, 2021 or 2020, and the Company is not required nor does it expect to make a contribution in 2023. 
 
 The Company has investments in low-income housing partnerships generally within the areas it serves. These partnerships supply funds for the construction and operation of apartment complexes that provide affordable housing to that segment of the population with lower family income. If these developments successfully attract a specified percentage of residents falling in that lower income range, federal (and sometimes state) income tax credits are made available to the partners. The tax credits are normally recognized over ten years, and they play an important part in the anticipated yield from these investments. In order to continue receiving the tax credits each year over the life of the partnership, the low-income residency targets must be maintained. Under the terms of the partnership agreements, the Company has a commitment to fund a specified amount that will be due in installments over the life of the agreements, which ranges from 3 to 18 years. At December 31, 2022, the investments totaled 59.9 million and are recorded as other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Unfunded commitments, which are recorded as liabilities, amounted to 38.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, the Company signed a 106.7 million agreement with U.S. Capital Development to develop a 280,000 square foot commercial office building in a two building complex in Clayton, Missouri. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has made payments totaling 94.0 million. While the Company intends to occupy a portion of the office building for executive offices, a 15 year lease has been signed by an anchor tenant to lease approximately 50 of the office building. 
 
 The Company regularly purchases various state tax credits arising from third-party property redevelopment. These credits are either resold to third parties for a profit or retained for use by the Company. During 2022, purchases and sales of tax credits amounted to 112.7 million and 126.9 million, respectively. Income from the sales of tax credits were 5.4 million, 4.5 million and 4.2 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding purchase commitments totaling 121.8 million that it expects to fund in 2023. These commitments, along with the commitments for the next five years, are included in the table above. 
 
 The Company s sound equity base, along with its long-term low debt level, common and preferred stock availability, and excellent debt ratings, provide several alternatives for future financing. Future acquisitions may utilize partial funding through one or more of these options. Through the various sources of liquidity described above, the Company maintains a liquidity position that it believes will adequately satisfy its financial obligations. The Company is not aware of any trends, events, or commitments that are reasonably likely to increase or decrease its liquidity in a material way. 
 
 51 

Table of Conte nts 

 Capital Management 
 Under Basel III capital guidelines, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company met all capital adequacy requirements and had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions, as shown in the following table. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Minimum Ratios under Capital Adequacy Guidelines Minimum Ratios for Well-Capitalized Banks Risk-adjusted assets 24,178,423 22,483,748 Tier I common risk-based capital 3,417,223 3,225,044 Tier I risk-based capital 3,417,223 3,225,044 Total risk-based capital 3,600,920 3,399,880 Tier I common risk-based capital ratio 14.13 14.34 7.00 6.50 Tier I risk-based capital ratio 14.13 14.34 8.50 8.00 Total risk-based capital ratio 14.89 15.12 10.50 10.00 Tier I leverage ratio 10.34 9.13 4.00 5.00 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 7.32 9.01 Dividend payout ratio 26.10 23.12 
 Under Prompt Corrective Action requirements 
 
 The Company is subject to a 2.5 capital conservation buffer, which is an amount above the minimum ratios under capital adequacy guidelines, and is required under Basel III. The capital conservation buffer is intended to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Failure to maintain the buffer will result in constraints on dividends, share repurchases, and executive compensation. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2020, the interim final rule of the Federal Reserve Bank and other U.S. banking agencies became effective, providing banks that adopted CECL (ASU 2016-13) during the 2020 calendar year the option to delay recognizing the estimated impact on regulatory capital until after a two year deferral period, followed by a three year transition period. In connection with the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, the Company has elected to utilize this option. As a result, the two year deferral period for the Company extends through December 31, 2021. Beginning on January 1, 2022, the Company was required to phase in 25 of the previously deferred estimated capital impact of CECL, with an additional 25 to be phased in at the beginning of each subsequent year until fully phased in by the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 The Company maintains a treasury stock buyback program under authorizations by its Board of Directors and periodically purchases stock in the open market. During 2021, the Company purchased 1.8 million shares, and during 2022 the Company purchased 2.7 million shares. At December 31, 2022, 3.1 million shares remained available for purchase under the current Board authorization. 
 
 The Company s common stock dividend policy reflects its earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, the need to maintain adequate capital levels and alternative investment options. Per share cash dividends paid by the Company increased 6.1 in 2022 compared with 2021, and the Company increased its first quarter 2023 cash dividend 7.1 , making 2023 the Company's 55th consecutive year of regular cash dividend increases. The Company also distributed its 29th consecutive annual 5 stock dividend in December 2022. 
 
 On September 1, 2020, the Company redeemed all 6,000 outstanding shares of its 6.00 Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in the Series B Preferred Stock at a redemption price of 25 per depositary share (equivalent to 1,000 per share of preferred stock). Regular dividends on the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock were paid separately on September 1, 2020 to holders of record as of the close of business on August 14, 2020, in the customary manner. On and after September 1, 2020, all dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock ceased to accrue. 

52 

Table of Conte nts 

 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 The Company s Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO) measures and manages the Company s interest rate risk on a monthly basis to identify trends and establish strategies to maintain stability in net interest income throughout various rate environments. Analytical modeling techniques provide management insight into the Company s exposure to changing rates. These techniques include net interest income simulations and market value analysis. Management has set guidelines specifying acceptable limits within which net interest income and market value may change under various rate change scenarios. 
 
 The Company s main interest rate measurement tool, income simulation, projects net interest income under various rate change scenarios in order to quantify the magnitude and timing of potential rate-related changes. Income simulations are able to capture option risks within the balance sheet where expected cash flows may be altered under various rate environments. Modeled rate movements include shocks, ramps and twists. Shocks are intended to capture interest rate risk under extreme conditions by immediately shifting rates up and down, while ramps measure the impact of gradual changes and twists measure yield curve risk. The size of the balance sheet is assumed to remain constant so that results are not influenced by growth predictions. 
 
 The Company also employs a sophisticated simulation technique known as a stochastic income simulation. This technique allows management to see a range of results from hundreds of income simulations. The stochastic simulation creates a vector of potential rate paths around the market s best guess (forward rates) concerning the future path of interest rates and allows rates to randomly follow paths throughout the vector. This allows for the modeling of non-biased rate forecasts around the market consensus. Results give management insight into a likely range of rate-related risk as well as worst and best-case rate scenarios. 
 
 Additionally, the Company uses market value analyses to help identify longer-term risks that may reside on the balance sheet. This is considered a secondary risk measurement tool by management. The Company measures the market value of equity as the net present value of all asset and liability cash flows discounted along the current swap curve plus appropriate market risk spreads. It is the change in the market value of equity under different rate environments, or effective duration, that gives insight into the magnitude of risk to future earnings due to rate changes. Market value analyses also help management understand the price sensitivity of non-marketable bank products under different rate environments. 
 
 The tables below show the effects of gradual shifts in interest rates over a twelve month period on the Company s net interest income versus the Company's net interest income in a flat rate scenario. Simulation A presents three rising rate scenarios and three falling rate scenarios and in each scenario, rates are assumed to change evenly over 12 months. In these scenarios, the current balance sheet is held constant. 
 
 The sensitivity of deposit balances to changes in rates is particularly difficult to estimate in low rate environments. Since the future effects of changes in rates on deposit balances cannot be known with certainty, the Company conservatively models alternate scenarios with greater deposit attrition as rates rise. Simulation B illustrates results from these higher attrition scenarios to provide added perspective on potential effects of higher rates. 
 
 The Company utilizes these simulations for monitoring interest rate risk. While the future effects of rising and falling rates on deposit balances cannot be known, the Company maintains a practice of running multiple rate scenarios to better understand interest rate risk and its effect on the Company s performance. 
 
 Simulation A December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 (Dollars in millions) 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Assumed Deposit Attrition 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Assumed Deposit Attrition 
 300 basis points rising (0.5) (.05) 3.3 .32 200 basis points rising 2.0 .19 7.7 .75 100 basis points rising 4.1 .38 9.9 .97 100 basis points falling (24.0) (2.2) (28.5) (2.80) 200 basis points falling (52.6) (4.82) (62.5) (6.14) 300 basis points falling (84.9) (7.78) (101.1) (9.94) 
 
 Under Simulation A, in the three rising rate scenarios and three falling rate scenarios, interest rate risk is less asset sensitive than the previous quarter. This is mainly due to an increase in the Federal funds rate, which puts upward pressure on deposit 
 53 

Table of Conte nts 

 rates in the rising rate scenarios and deposit rates have more room to fall in falling rate scenarios. Deposits are held constant for this simulation in both the current and previous quarters. 
 
 Simulation B December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 (Dollars in millions) 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Assumed Deposit Attrition 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Change in 
 Net Interest 
 Income 
 Assumed Deposit Attrition 
 300 basis points rising (17.9) (1.71) (216.7) (49.4) (5.06) (848.9) 200 basis points rising (11.4) (1.09) (180.4) (34.5) (3.54) (716.2) 100 basis points rising (5.0) (.48) (136.6) (14.0) (1.43) (405.7) 100 basis points falling 3.6 .34 539.3 (6.0) (.62) 403.2 200 basis points falling (15.2) (1.45) 761.0 (26.5) (2.72) 849.4 300 basis points falling (45.6) (4.36) 792.0 (58.7) (6.02) 1,446.4 
 Compared to the flat rate scenario 
 
 In Simulation B, the assumed levels of deposit attrition were modeled to capture the results of a shrinking balance sheet due to the potential loss of surge deposits. Under this Simulation, in the three rising rate scenarios and three falling rate scenarios, interest rate risk is less liability sensitive than the previous quarter, which primarily resulted from a decrease in surge deposits and changes in surge deposit run-off. In the three falling rate scenarios, interest rate risk was also impacted by higher non-maturity deposit rates, which increased during the current quarter and now have more room to fall. 

54 

Table of Conte nts 

 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company maintains an overall interest rate risk management strategy that permits the use of derivative instruments to modify exposure to interest rate risk. Such instruments include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, credit risk participation agreements, mortgage loan commitments, forward sale contracts, and forward to-be-announced (TBA) contracts. The Company s interest rate risk management strategy includes the ability to modify the re-pricing characteristics of certain assets and liabilities so that changes in interest rates do not adversely affect the net interest margin and cash flows. 
 
 In addition to using derivatives to manage interest rate risk, the Company enters into foreign exchange derivative instruments as an accommodation to customers and offsets the related foreign exchange risk by entering into offsetting third-party forward contracts with approved, reputable counterparties. This trading activity is managed within a policy of specific controls and limits. 
 
 In all of these contracts, the Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties, who may be bank customers or other financial institutions. The Company controls the credit risk of its financial contracts through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. Because the Company generally only enters into transactions with high quality counterparties, there have been no losses associated with counterparty nonperformance on derivative financial instruments. 
 
 The following table summarizes the notional amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s derivative instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Notional amount, along with the other terms of the derivative, is used to determine the amounts to be exchanged between the counterparties. Because the notional amount does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties, it is not a measure of loss exposure related to the use of derivatives nor of exposure to liquidity risk. All of these derivative instruments utilized by the Company are further discussed in Note 19 on Derivative Instruments. 
 
 2022 2021 (In thousands) Notional Amount Positive Fair Value Negative Fair Value Notional Amount Positive Fair Value Negative Fair Value Interest rate swaps 1,981,821 23,894 (51,742) 2,229,419 40,752 (11,606) Interest rate floors 1,000,000 33,371 Interest rate caps 152,784 2,705 (2,705) 152,058 147 (147) Credit risk participation agreements 579,925 34 (119) 485,633 84 (277) Foreign exchange contracts 27,991 488 (418) 5,119 77 (45) Mortgage loan commitments 21,787 764 Mortgage loan forward sale contracts 1,165 5 (1) Forward TBA contracts 21,000 13 (25) Total at December 31 
 3,742,521 60,492 (54,984) 2,916,181 41,842 (12,101) 

Operating Segments 
 The Company segregates financial information for use in assessing its performance and allocating resources among three operating segments. The results are determined based on the Company s management accounting process, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each responsible segment. These segments are defined by customer base and product type. The management process measures the performance of the operating segments based on the management structure of the Company and is not necessarily comparable with similar information for any other financial institution. Each segment is managed by executives who, in conjunction with the Chief Executive Officer, make strategic business decisions regarding that segment. The three reportable operating segments are Consumer, Commercial, and Wealth. Additional information is presented in Note 13 on Segments in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company uses a funds transfer pricing method to value funds used (e.g., loans, fixed assets, cash, etc.) and funds provided (deposits, borrowings, and equity) by the business segments and their components. This process assigns a specific value to each new source or use of funds with a maturity, based on current swap rates, thus determining an interest spread at the time of the transaction. Non-maturity assets and liabilities are valued using weighted average pools. The funds transfer pricing process attempts to remove interest rate risk from valuation, allowing management to compare profitability under various rate environments. The Company also assigns loan charge-offs and recoveries (labeled in the table below as provision for credit losses directly to each operating segment instead of allocating an estimated credit loss provision. The operating segments also include a number of allocations of income and expense from various support and overhead centers within the Company. 
 55 

Table of Conte nts 

 The table below is a summary of segment pre-tax income results for the past three years. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Wealth 
 Segment Totals 
 Other/Elimination 
 Consolidated Totals 
 Year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Net interest income 
 339,080 452,686 74,416 866,182 76,003 942,185 Provision for credit losses 
 (17,872) (1,196) (8) (19,076) (8,995) (28,071) Non-interest income 
 116,030 224,890 213,388 554,308 (7,773) 546,535 Investment securities gains, net 
 20,506 20,506 Non-interest expense 
 (300,566) (365,276) (144,914) (810,756) (38,021) (848,777) Income before income taxes 
 136,672 311,104 142,882 590,658 41,720 632,378 Year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Net interest income 
 319,439 453,692 71,522 844,653 (9,229) 835,424 Provision for loan losses 
 (23,249) 4,845 (52) (18,456) 84,782 66,326 Non-interest income 
 147,273 211,048 213,617 571,938 (11,545) 560,393 Investment securities gains, net 
 30,059 30,059 Non-interest expense 
 (293,504) (329,313) (136,356) (759,173) (46,728) (805,901) Income before income taxes 
 149,959 340,272 148,731 638,962 47,339 686,301 2022 vs 2021 
 Decrease in income before income taxes: Amount (13,287) (29,168) (5,849) (48,304) (5,619) (53,923) Percent (8.9 (8.6 (3.9 (7.6 (11.9 (7.9 Year ended December 31, 2020: 
 Net interest income 
 321,031 414,724 57,925 793,680 36,167 829,847 Provision for loan losses 
 (31,220) (3,724) 12 (34,932) (102,258) (137,190) Non-interest income 
 148,586 194,505 188,942 532,033 (26,166) 505,867 Investment securities gains, net 
 11,032 11,032 Non-interest expense 
 (297,790) (316,004) (124,964) (738,758) (29,620) (768,378) Income before income taxes 
 140,607 289,501 121,915 552,023 (110,845) 441,178 2021 vs 2020 
 Increase in income before income taxes: Amount 9,352 50,771 26,816 86,939 158,184 245,123 Percent 6.7 17.5 22.0 15.7 142.7 55.6 
 
 Consumer 
 The Consumer segment includes consumer deposits, consumer finance, and consumer debit and credit cards. During 2022, income before income taxes for the Consumer segment decreased 13.3 million, or 8.9 , compared to 2021. This decrease was due to a decline in non-interest income of 31.2 million, or 21.2 , and higher non-interest expense of 7.1 million, or 2.4 . These decreases to income were partly offset by growth in net interest income of 19.6 million, or 6.1 , and a decrease in the provision for credit losses of 5.4 million, or 23.1 . Net interest income increased due to a 19.0 million increase in net allocated funding credits assigned to the Consumer segment's loan and deposit portfolios. Non-interest income decreased mainly due to declines of 24.7 million in mortgage banking revenue and 4.0 million in overdraft and return item fees. Non-interest expense increased over the prior year mainly due to higher occupancy expense, insurance expense and allocated service and support costs (mainly bank card fraud operations and information technology), partly offset by lower allocated service costs for branch employees and mortgage operations. The provision for credit losses totaled 17.9 million, a 5.4 million decrease from the prior year, which resulted mainly from lower credit card loan net charge-offs, slightly offset by higher consumer loan net charge-offs. Total average loans in this segment decreased 95.5 million, or 5.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 mainly due to declines in consumer credit card and auto loans. Average deposits increased 559.8 million, or 4.4 , over the prior year, resulting from growth in personal demand, savings and interest checking and money market deposit account balances. 
 
 56 

Table of Conte nts 

 During 2021, income before income taxes for the Consumer segment increased 9.3 million, or 6.7 , compared to 2020. This increase was due to a decrease in non-interest expense of 4.3 million, or 1.4 , and a decrease in the provision for credit losses of 8.0 million. These increases to income were partly offset by a 1.6 million, or .5 , decrease in net interest income and a 1.3 million, or .9 , decrease to non-interest income. Net interest income decreased due to a 21.9 million decline in loan interest income, partly offset by a 9.1 million increase in net allocated funding credits assigned to the Consumer segment's loan and deposit portfolios, and lower deposit interest expense of 11.2 million. Non-interest income decreased mainly due to a decline in mortgage banking revenue, partly offset by growth in net credit and debit card fees (mainly higher interchange fees, partly offset by higher credit card rewards expense) and check sales and wire fees. Non-interest expense decreased from 2020 mainly due to lower salaries and benefits expense, occupancy expense, allocated servicing costs for mortgage operations and a reduction in impairment expense on mortgage servicing rights. These decreases were partly offset by higher marketing expense and higher allocated costs for information technology. The provision for credit losses totaled 23.2 million, an 8.0 million decrease from 2020, which resulted mainly from lower net charge-offs on consumer credit card and consumer loans. Total average loans in this segment decreased 178.3 million, or 8.5 , in 2021 compared to 2020 mainly due to declines in consumer credit card, auto and fixed and revolving home equity loans. Average deposits increased 1.6 billion, or 13.8 , over 2020, resulting from growth in personal demand, savings and interest checking and money market deposit account balances. 
 
 Commercial 
 The Commercial segment provides lending (including the Small Business Banking product line within the branch network), leasing, international services, and business, government deposit, and related commercial cash management services, as well as merchant and commercial bank card products. The segment includes the Capital Markets Group, which sells fixed-income securities to correspondent banks, corporations, public institutions, municipalities, and individuals and also provides securities safekeeping and bond accounting services. Pre-tax income for 2022 decreased 29.2 million, or 8.6 , compared to 2021, mainly due to increases in non-interest expense and the provision for credit losses, partly offset by an increase in non-interest income. Net interest income decreased 1.0 million, or .2 , due to a 21.4 million decrease in net allocated funding credits assigned to the Commercial segment's loan and deposit portfolios, coupled with higher interest expense on customer repurchase agreements and deposits of 22.6 million and 18.5 million, respectively. The decreases were partly offset by a 61.2 million increase in loan interest income. The provision for credit losses increased 6.0 million due to net charge-offs recorded on business loans in 2022 compared to net recoveries recorded in the prior year. Non-interest income increased 13.8 million, or 6.6 , over 2021 due to higher net bank card fees (mainly corporate card), deposit account fees (mainly corporate cash management fees), and higher cash sweep commissions. These increases were partly offset by lower capital market fees. Non-interest expense increased 36.0 million, or 10.9 , during 2022, mainly due to higher salaries and benefits expense, data processing and software expense, travel and entertainment expense, and allocated service and support costs (mainly bank operations expense, branch employee expense, and commercial banking expense). Average segment loans decreased 216.9 million, or 2.1 , compared to 2021, mainly due to a decline in business loans, partly offset by increases in business real estate and construction loans. Average deposits decreased 49.4 million, or .4 , mainly due to declines in business demand and certificate of deposit account balances, offset by an increase in interest checking and money market deposit account balances. 
 
 Pre-tax income for 2021 increased 50.8 million, or 17.5 , compared to 2020, mainly due to increases in net interest income and non-interest income and a decline in the provision for credit losses, partly offset by an increase in non-interest expense. Net interest income increased 39.0 million, or 9.4 , due to higher net allocated funding credits of 56.9 million and lower interest expense of 12.9 million on deposits and customer repurchase agreements, partly offset by a decrease of 30.9 million in loan interest income. The provision for credit losses decreased 8.6 million due to recoveries recorded on business loans in 2021 compared to net charge-offs recorded 2020. Non-interest income increased 16.5 million, or 8.5 , over 2020 due to higher net bank card fees (mainly corporate card and merchant fees), deposit account fees (mainly corporate cash management fees), and higher interest rate swap fees. These increases were partly offset by lower cash sweep commissions. Non-interest expense increased 13.3 million, or 4.2 , during 2021, mainly due to higher salaries and benefits expense (mainly incentive compensation), data processing and software expense, allocated support costs for information technology and commercial banking, and lower deferred origination costs. These increases were partly offset by lower allocated service costs (mainly lockbox). Average segment loans decreased 327.8 million, or 3.1 , compared to 2020, with the decline occurring in business loans (mainly PPP loans), partly offset by an increase in construction loans. Average deposits increased 2.1 billion, or 20.7 , mainly due to growth in business demand deposits. 
 
 Wealth 
 The Wealth segment provides traditional trust and estate planning, advisory and discretionary investment management services, brokerage services, and includes Private Banking accounts. At December 31, 2022, the Trust group managed investments with a market value of 37.3 billion and administered an additional 23.0 billion in non-managed assets. It also provides investment management services to The Commerce Funds, a series of mutual funds with 2.5 billion in total assets at 
 57 

Table of Conte nts 

 December 31, 2022. In 2022, pre-tax income for the Wealth segment was 142.9 million, compared to 148.7 million in 2021, a decrease of 5.8 million, or 3.9 . Net interest income increased 2.9 million, or 4.0 , mainly due to a 16.4 million increase in loan interest income, partly offset by a 12.5 million decrease in net allocated funding credits assigned to the Wealth segment's loan and deposit portfolios and a 1.0 million increase in deposit interest expense. Non-interest income decreased 229 thousand, or .1 , from the prior year due to higher cash sweep commissions and brokerage fees, partly offset by lower mortgage banking revenue and trust fees. Non-interest expense increased 8.6 million, or 6.3 , resulting from higher salaries and benefits expense, travel and entertainment expense, and marketing expense. The provision for credit losses decreased 44 thousand, mainly due to net recoveries on revolving home equity loans. Average assets increased 253.3 million, or 16.0 , during 2022 mainly due to higher personal real estate and consumer loan balances. Average deposits decreased 161.0 million, or 5.4 , due to a decline in interest checking and money market deposit account balances. 
 
 In 2021, pre-tax income for the Wealth segment was 148.7 million, compared to 121.9 million in 2020, an increase of 26.8 million, or 22.0 . Net interest income increased 13.6 million, or 23.5 , due to an 11.0 million increase in net allocated funding credits and lower deposit interest expense of 4.0 million, slightly offset by a decline in loan interest income of 1.3 million. Non-interest income increased 24.7 million, or 13.1 , over 2020 largely due to higher private client and institutional trust fees and brokerage fees, partly offset by lower cash sweep commissions. Non-interest expense increased 11.4 million, or 9.1 , resulting from higher salaries expense (mainly incentive compensation) and higher allocated support costs for information technology. The provision for credit losses increased 64 thousand, mainly due to higher net charge-offs on revolving home equity loans. Average assets increased 178.3 million, or 12.7 , during 2021 mainly due to higher personal real estate and consumer loan balances. Average deposits increased 694.7 million, or 30.6 , due to growth in business demand and interest checking and money market account deposit balances. 
 
 The segment activity, as shown above, includes both direct and allocated items. Amounts in the Other/Elimination column include activity not related to the segments, such as certain administrative functions, the investment securities portfolio, and the effect of certain expense allocations to the segments. In accordance with the Company's transfer pricing procedures, the difference between the total provision and total net charge-offs/recoveries is not allocated to a business segment and is included in this category. In 2022, the pre-tax net income in this category was 41.7 million, compared to 47.3 million in 2021. This decrease was mainly due to an increase in the provision for credit losses of 93.8 million and an 8.7 million increase in non-interest expense, partly offset by increases of 85.2 million in net interest income and 3.8 million in non-interest income. Unallocated securities gains were 20.5 million in 2022, compared to securities gains of 30.1 million in 2021. The increase in the unallocated provision for credit losses of 93.8 million was primarily driven by an increase in the allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments, which are not allocated to segments for management reporting purposes. Net charge-off are allocated to segments when incurred for management reporting purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's provision for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments, which is not allocated to the segments for management reporting, was 8.9 million, compared to a benefit of 14.1 million in 2021. Additionally, the provision for credit losses on loans was 92 thousand in excess of net charge-offs in 2022, while the provision was 70.8 million lower than net charge-offs in 2021. 

58 

Table of Conte nts 

 Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Reference Rate Reform The FASB issued ASU 2020-04, "Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) - Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting", in March 2020, and has been followed by additional clarifying guidance related to derivatives that are modified as a result of reference rate reform. The new guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if they reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. Further, the guidance applies to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining, discounting, or contract price alignment that is modified as a result of reference rate reform. The expedients and exceptions provided by the new guidance do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated for effectiveness after December 31, 2022, except for certain hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06 which extended the sunset date under Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. The change is to align the temporary accounting relief guidance with the expected cessation date of LIBOR, which was postponed by administrators in 2021 to June 2023, a year after the current sunset date of ASU 2020-04. 
 
 In order to assess the impact of transition and ensure a successful transition process, the Company established a LIBOR Transition Program led by the LIBOR Transition Steering Committee (the Committee), which is an internal, cross-functional team with representatives from all relevant business lines, support functions and legal counsel. A LIBOR impact and risk assessment has been performed, and the Committee has developed and prioritized action items. All LIBOR-based loans must be converted to an alternative index by June 30, 2023, as LIBOR will no longer be published after June 30, 2023. All of the Company's financial contracts that reference LIBOR have been identified, and LIBOR fallback language has been included in key loan provisions of new and renewed loans in preparation of the transition from LIBOR. The Company ceased originating new loans with LIBOR as a reference rate at the end of 2021 and is actively working with customers to modify existing loans that reference LIBOR to a new reference rate. The Company plans to finish transitioning the impacted loans by spring of 2023. 
 
 Credit Losses The FASB issued ASU 2022-02, "Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures", in March 2022. This ASU eliminates the troubled debt restructuring recognition and measurement guidance and, instead, requires that an entity evaluate (consistent with the accounting for other loan modifications) whether the modification represents a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. The amendments also enhance existing disclosure requirements and introduce new requirements related to certain modifications of receivables made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The amendments require that an entity disclose current period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investment in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20. The guidance is effective January 1, 2023. Aside from additional disclosure requirements, the Company expects no material impact to its consolidated financial statements from adoption of this ASU. 

Corporate Governance 
 The Company has adopted a number of corporate governance measures. These include corporate governance guidelines, a code of ethics that applies to its senior financial officers and the charters for its audit and risk committee, its committee on compensation and human resources, and its committee on governance/directors. This information is available on the Company s investor relations website at investor.commercebank.com/overview/corporate-governance. 

59 

Table of Conte nts 

 AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AVERAGE RATES AND YIELDS 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Rates Earned/Paid ASSETS 
 Loans: (A) 
 Business (B) 
 5,376,584 198,238 3.69 5,838,682 186,968 3.20 6,387,410 196,249 3.07 Real estate construction and land 
 1,229,977 61,893 5.03 1,144,741 40,702 3.56 956,999 38,619 4.04 Real estate business 
 3,205,061 133,909 4.18 3,005,943 104,329 3.47 2,959,068 110,080 3.72 Real estate personal 
 2,841,626 94,878 3.34 2,797,635 92,267 3.30 2,619,211 94,835 3.62 Consumer 
 2,075,781 84,044 4.05 2,009,577 76,361 3.80 1,967,133 86,096 4.38 Revolving home equity 
 280,242 12,625 4.51 286,064 9,823 3.43 334,866 12,405 3.70 Consumer credit card 
 547,071 64,832 11.85 577,411 64,274 11.13 668,810 78,704 11.77 Overdrafts 
 5,645 4,335 3,351 Total loans 
 15,561,987 650,419 4.18 15,664,388 574,724 3.67 15,896,848 616,988 3.88 Loans held for sale 
 7,754 637 8.22 21,524 880 4.09 18,685 860 4.60 Investment securities: 
 U.S. government federal agency obligations 
 1,097,935 41,095 3.74 796,043 32,888 4.13 780,903 17,369 2.22 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 
 54,768 1,293 2.36 50,789 1,180 2.32 105,069 3,346 3.18 State municipal obligations (B) 
 2,061,620 47,121 2.29 2,015,635 47,721 2.37 1,562,415 42,260 2.70 Mortgage-backed securities 
 6,979,862 135,920 1.95 6,985,897 95,175 1.36 5,733,398 109,834 1.92 Asset-backed securities 
 3,888,405 58,716 1.51 2,824,993 32,705 1.16 1,467,496 29,759 2.03 Other debt securities 
 606,661 11,811 1.95 603,720 12,556 2.08 444,489 10,846 2.44 Trading debt securities (B) 
 41,205 1,129 2.74 36,534 452 1.24 30,321 659 2.17 Equity securities (B) 
 9,492 2,578 27.16 6,809 2,223 32.65 4,206 2,030 48.26 Other securities (B) 
 203,953 21,103 10.35 171,322 18,924 11.05 133,391 8,732 6.55 Total investment securities 
 14,943,901 320,766 2.15 13,491,742 243,824 1.81 10,261,688 224,835 2.19 Federal funds sold 
 11,701 412 3.52 677 4 .59 278 3 1.08 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 1,495,956 22,647 1.51 1,275,837 37,377 2.93 849,998 40,647 4.78 Interest earning deposits with banks 
 1,362,863 15,098 1.11 2,420,533 3,202 .13 1,115,551 2,273 .20 Total interest earning assets 
 33,384,162 1,009,979 3.03 32,874,701 860,011 2.62 28,143,048 885,606 3.15 Allowance for credit losses on loans 
 (141,341) (188,758) (196,942) Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities 
 (922,259) 198,722 292,898 Cash and due from banks 
 323,296 339,431 343,516 Premises and equipment - net 
 409,235 408,537 399,228 Other assets 
 552,224 531,102 634,949 Total assets 
 33,605,317 34,163,735 29,616,697 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Interest bearing deposits: 
 Savings 
 1,583,983 740 .05 1,450,495 1,129 .08 1,123,413 1,053 .09 Interest checking and money market 
 14,475,089 24,359 .17 13,370,226 6,380 .05 11,539,717 16,798 .15 Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 
 406,580 1,469 .36 478,371 1,158 .24 585,695 4,897 .84 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 and over 
 670,472 3,898 .58 1,244,757 2,577 .21 1,358,389 12,948 .95 Total interest bearing deposits 
 17,136,124 30,466 .18 16,543,849 11,244 .07 14,607,214 35,696 .24 Borrowings: 
 Federal funds purchased 
 83,255 1,836 2.21 23,623 17 .07 126,203 794 .63 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 2,356,024 24,022 1.02 2,311,214 1,629 .07 1,840,276 5,297 .29 Other borrowings (C) 
 46,459 1,840 3.96 808 5 .62 126,585 1,029 .81 Total borrowings 
 2,485,738 27,698 1.11 2,335,645 1,651 .07 2,093,064 7,120 .34 Total interest bearing liabilities 
 19,621,862 58,164 .30 18,879,494 12,895 .07 16,700,278 42,816 .26 Non-interest bearing deposits 
 10,964,573 11,240,267 8,890,263 Other liabilities 
 198,002 591,459 715,033 Equity 
 2,820,880 3,452,515 3,311,123 Total liabilities and equity 
 33,605,317 34,163,735 29,616,697 Net interest margin (FTE) 
 951,815 847,116 842,790 Net yield on interest earning assets 
 2.85 2.58 2.99 Percentage increase (decrease) in net interest margin (FTE) compared to the prior year 
 12.36 .51 .88 
 (A) Loans on non-accrual status are included in the computation of average balances. Included in interest income above are loan fees and late charges, net of amortization of deferred loan origination fees and costs, which are immaterial. Credit card income from merchant discounts and net interchange fees are not included in loan income. E A 
 VERAGE RATES AND 

60 

Table of Conte nts 

YI Years Ended December 31 2019 2018 2017 Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Five Year Compound Growth Rate 5,214,158 202,308 3.88 4,963,029 184,837 3.72 4,832,045 154,681 3.20 2.16 909,367 49,702 5.47 967,320 49,440 5.11 881,879 37,315 4.23 6.88 2,859,008 127,635 4.46 2,737,820 117,516 4.29 2,694,620 102,009 3.79 3.53 2,178,716 85,604 3.93 2,093,802 80,365 3.84 2,019,674 75,267 3.73 7.07 1,930,883 92,414 4.79 2,010,826 89,074 4.43 2,036,393 81,065 3.98 .38 358,474 18,204 5.08 379,715 17,513 4.61 398,611 15,516 3.89 (6.80) 764,828 93,754 12.26 768,789 92,269 12.00 743,885 88,329 11.87 (5.96) 9,203 4,778 4,592 4.22 14,224,637 669,621 4.71 13,926,079 631,014 4.53 13,611,699 554,182 4.07 2.71 18,577 1,209 6.51 19,493 1,298 6.66 17,452 1,000 5.73 (14.98) 851,124 20,968 2.46 921,759 21,720 2.36 914,961 19,697 2.15 3.71 191,406 4,557 2.38 308,520 6,098 1.98 452,422 7,321 1.62 (34.45) 1,220,958 38,362 3.14 1,410,700 42,867 3.04 1,720,723 62,073 3.61 3.68 4,594,576 123,806 2.69 4,203,625 111,686 2.66 3,784,602 89,623 2.37 13.02 1,372,574 37,478 2.73 1,455,690 34,223 2.35 2,083,611 36,757 1.76 13.29 333,105 9,017 2.71 340,458 8,912 2.62 330,365 8,410 2.55 12.93 29,450 886 3.01 24,731 759 3.07 21,929 583 2.66 13.45 4,547 1,792 39.41 26,459 11,816 44.66 60,772 2,283 3.76 (31.02) 134,255 8,466 6.31 114,438 12,412 10.85 98,564 10,507 10.66 15.65 8,731,995 245,332 2.81 8,806,380 250,493 2.84 9,467,949 237,254 2.51 9.56 2,034 55 2.70 27,026 519 1.92 18,518 230 1.24 (8.77) 741,089 15,898 2.15 696,438 15,881 2.28 688,147 15,440 2.24 16.80 316,299 6,698 2.12 319,948 6,233 1.95 207,269 2,223 1.07 45.74 24,034,631 938,813 3.91 23,795,364 905,438 3.81 24,011,034 810,329 3.37 6.81 (160,212) (158,791) (156,572) (2.03) 74,605 (113,068) 45,760 N.M. 370,709 360,732 361,414 (2.20) 380,350 343,636 345,639 3.44 513,442 438,362 424,333 5.41 25,213,525 24,666,235 25,031,608 6.07 918,896 1,021 .11 867,150 973 .11 819,558 981 .12 14.09 10,607,224 38,691 .36 10,817,169 26,830 .25 10,517,741 16,328 .16 6.60 610,807 6,368 1.04 603,137 3,215 .53 676,272 2,645 .39 (9.68) 1,396,760 26,945 1.93 1,114,825 14,658 1.31 1,404,960 10,859 .77 (13.75) 13,533,687 73,025 .54 13,402,281 45,676 .34 13,418,531 30,813 .23 5.01 247,126 5,332 2.16 82,179 1,582 1.93 164,156 1,600 .97 (12.70) 1,574,972 24,083 1.53 1,431,965 18,073 1.26 1,298,231 8,229 .63 12.66 43,919 952 2.17 1,747 45 2.58 87,696 3,086 3.52 (11.93) 1,866,017 30,367 1.63 1,515,891 19,700 1.30 1,550,083 12,915 .83 9.91 15,399,704 103,392 .67 14,918,172 65,376 .44 14,968,614 43,728 .29 5.56 6,376,204 6,728,971 7,176,255 8.85 360,587 247,520 250,510 (4.60) 3,077,030 2,771,572 2,636,229 1.36 25,213,525 24,666,235 25,031,608 6.07 835,421 840,062 766,601 3.48 3.53 3.19 (.55 9.58 7.75 
 (B) Interest income and yields are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 in 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and 35 in 2017. Loan interest income includes tax free loan income (categorized as business loan income) which includes tax equivalent adjustments of 4,126,000 in 2022, 4,176,000 in 2021, 4,916,000 in 2020, 6,282,000 in 2019, 5,931,000 in 2018, and 10,357,000 in 2017. Investment securities interest income includes tax equivalent adjustments of 6,874,000 in 2022, 7,546,000 in 2021, 8,042,000 in 2020, 7,845,000 in 2019, 10,306,000 in 2018, and 22,565,000 in 2017. These adjustments relate to state and municipal obligations, trading securities, equity securities, and other securities. 
 (C) Interest expense of 1,370,000, 29,000 and 14,000, which was capitalized on construction projects in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, is not deducted from the interest expense shown above. 
 
 61 

Table of Conte nts 

 QUARTERLY AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AVERAGE RATES AND YIELDS 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter (Dollars in millions) 
 Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid ASSETS 
 Loans: 
 Business (A) 
 5,478 4.68 5,318 3.94 5,384 3.16 5,324 2.93 Real estate construction and land 1,269 6.80 1,289 5.27 1,225 4.09 1,135 3.76 Real estate business 3,301 5.15 3,258 4.40 3,164 3.70 3,095 3.38 Real estate personal 2,887 3.45 2,844 3.36 2,826 3.27 2,809 3.28 Consumer 2,090 4.77 2,102 4.17 2,071 3.62 2,040 3.59 Revolving home equity 294 5.89 281 4.82 272 3.69 274 3.48 Consumer credit card 559 12.64 550 12.05 538 11.32 541 11.35 Overdrafts 7 4 6 5 Total loans 
 15,885 5.03 15,646 4.37 15,486 3.72 15,223 3.54 Loans held for sale 
 7 10.09 7 8.80 8 8.14 9 6.48 Investment securities: 
 U.S. government federal agency obligations 
 1,056 2.01 1,113 4.51 1,119 4.93 1,104 3.42 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 
 56 2.36 56 2.36 56 2.39 52 2.33 State municipal obligations (A) 
 1,991 2.29 2,053 2.27 2,126 2.30 2,078 2.29 Mortgage-backed securities 
 6,606 1.88 6,848 1.93 7,158 1.99 7,317 1.98 Asset-backed securities 
 3,714 1.96 3,871 1.62 4,038 1.35 3,934 1.13 Other debt securities 
 561 1.89 587 1.93 643 1.97 636 2.00 Trading debt securities (A) 
 44 3.81 36 2.74 44 2.46 41 1.84 Equity securities (A) 
 10 28.44 9 27.11 9 26.90 9 26.00 Other securities (A) 
 219 6.67 209 7.09 195 22.38 192 5.91 Total investment securities 
 14,257 2.07 14,782 2.18 15,388 2.36 15,363 1.97 Federal funds sold 
 28 4.27 13 2.77 4 1.79 1 .39 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 1,174 2.36 1,379 1.72 1,704 1.03 1,734 1.24 Interest earning deposits with banks 640 3.69 980 2.25 1,249 .78 2,608 .18 Total interest earning assets 
 31,991 3.59 32,807 3.21 33,839 2.86 34,938 2.49 Allowance for credit losses on loans 
 (143) (138) (135) (150) Unrealized loss on debt securities (1,582) (1,065) (851) (174) Cash and due from banks 
 327 311 315 340 Premises and equipment net 
 419 409 402 407 Other assets 
 593 538 522 557 Total assets 
 31,605 32,862 34,092 35,918 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Interest bearing deposits: 
 Savings 1,567 .06 1,596 .04 1,610 .04 1,563 .05 Interest checking and money market 13,694 .38 14,424 .20 14,846 .06 14,950 .04 Certificates of deposit under 100,000 388 .73 397 .41 412 .20 430 .13 Certificates of deposit 100,000 over 597 1.42 578 .60 649 .29 862 .20 Total interest bearing deposits 
 16,246 .40 16,995 .21 17,517 .07 17,805 .05 Borrowings: 
 Federal funds purchased 144 3.56 52 2.41 113 .79 23 .12 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 2,260 2.29 2,200 1.37 2,258 .48 2,713 .10 Other borrowings 179 4.02 2 1.78 2 2.37 1 .53 Total borrowings 
 2,583 2.48 2,254 1.39 2,373 .50 2,737 .10 Total interest bearing liabilities 
 18,829 .69 19,249 .34 19,890 .12 20,542 .06 Non-interest bearing deposits 
 10,361 10,758 11,210 11,545 Other liabilities 
 29 124 140 505 Equity 
 2,386 2,731 2,852 3,326 Total liabilities and equity 
 31,605 32,862 34,092 35,918 Net interest margin (FTE) 
 257 249 235 211 Net yield on interest earning assets 
 3.18 3.01 2.79 2.45 
 (A) Stated on a fully taxable-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 62 

Table of Conte nts 

 AVERAGE RATES AND YIELDS Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter (Dollars in millions) 
 Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Average Rates Earned/Paid ASSETS 
 Loans: 
 Business (A) 
 5,193 3.16 5,437 3.43 6,212 3.15 6,533 3.09 Real estate construction and land 1,228 3.61 1,169 3.51 1,088 3.56 1,092 3.54 Real estate business 3,003 3.41 2,983 3.46 3,015 3.49 3,023 3.52 Real estate personal 2,785 3.21 2,776 3.27 2,804 3.31 2,826 3.40 Consumer 2,044 3.65 2,041 3.71 2,005 3.84 1,947 4.02 Revolving home equity 276 3.47 282 3.46 287 3.43 299 3.38 Consumer credit card 559 11.06 566 11.29 576 11.22 609 10.97 Overdrafts 5 5 4 4 Total loans 
 15,093 3.62 15,259 3.74 15,991 3.65 16,333 3.66 Loans held for sale 
 11 5.10 16 4.63 23 4.20 36 3.44 Investment securities: 
 U.S. government federal agency obligations 
 1,009 3.11 728 5.74 720 5.52 725 2.54 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations 
 51 2.30 51 2.30 51 2.33 51 2.36 State municipal obligations (A) 
 2,096 2.26 2,040 2.35 1,967 2.41 1,959 2.46 Mortgage-backed securities 
 7,141 1.40 7,115 1.53 6,685 1.11 6,999 1.39 Asset-backed securities 3,515 1.03 3,028 1.08 2,654 1.25 2,086 1.39 Other debt securities 630 2.07 609 2.04 606 2.06 570 2.15 Trading debt securities (A) 
 46 1.54 32 1.01 35 1.19 32 1.08 Equity securities (A) 
 9 27.64 9 23.92 5 43.10 4 49.56 Other securities (A) 
 190 18.39 183 7.46 157 11.90 154 5.26 Total investment securities 14,687 1.82 13,795 1.89 12,880 1.78 12,580 1.72 Federal funds sold 1 .70 1 .50 1 .60 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 1,670 1.62 1,633 2.19 937 4.46 850 5.31 Interest earning deposits with banks 2,857 .15 2,603 .15 2,725 .11 1,480 .10 Total interest earning assets 34,319 2.47 33,307 2.62 32,557 2.64 31,279 2.76 Allowance for credit losses on loans (162) (172) (201) (221) Unrealized gain on debt securities 86 230 197 284 Cash and due from banks 345 329 329 355 Premises and equipment net 420 409 404 401 Other assets 522 523 526 552 Total assets 35,530 34,626 33,812 32,650 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Interest bearing deposits: Savings 1,507 .08 1,485 .08 1,474 .08 1,333 .08 Interest checking and money market 
 13,875 .04 13,343 .05 13,284 .05 12,971 .06 Certificates of deposit under 100,000 
 442 .14 464 .18 491 .27 517 .37 Certificates of deposit 100,000 over 
 1,105 .14 1,290 .14 1,355 .20 1,230 .35 Total interest bearing deposits 
 16,929 .05 16,582 .06 16,604 .07 16,051 .09 Borrowings: 
 Federal funds purchased 21 .11 14 .10 23 .05 37 .05 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 2,620 .08 2,347 .08 2,143 .06 2,129 .06 Other borrowings 1 1.14 1 .82 1 .98 Total borrowings 
 2,642 .08 2,361 .08 2,167 .06 2,167 .06 Total interest bearing liabilities 
 19,571 .06 18,943 .06 18,771 .07 18,218 .09 Non-interest bearing deposits 
 11,919 11,475 11,109 10,439 Other liabilities 
 562 668 527 608 Equity 
 3,478 3,540 3,405 3,385 Total liabilities and equity 
 35,530 34,626 33,812 32,650 Net interest margin (FTE) 
 210 217 211 209 Net yield on interest earning assets 
 2.43 2.58 2.60 2.71 
 (A) Stated on a fully taxable-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 
 63 

Table of Conte nts 

 SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Quarter Ended (In thousands, except per share data) 12/31/2022 9/30/2022 6/30/2022 3/31/2022 Interest income 
 286,377 262,666 238,154 211,782 Interest expense 
 (31,736) (16,293) (5,769) (2,996) Net interest income 
 254,641 246,373 232,385 208,786 Non-interest income 
 136,825 138,514 139,427 131,769 Investment securities gains, net 
 8,904 3,410 1,029 7,163 Salaries and employee benefits 
 (138,458) (137,393) (142,243) (135,953) Other expense 
 (78,282) (75,491) (71,262) (69,695) Provision for credit losses 
 (15,477) (15,290) (7,162) 9,858 Income before income taxes 
 168,153 160,123 152,174 151,928 Income taxes 
 (34,499) (33,936) (32,021) (31,902) Non-controlling interest 
 (2,026) (3,364) (4,359) (1,872) Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 131,628 122,823 115,794 118,154 Net income per common share basic 
 1.05 .97 .92 .92 Net income per common share diluted 
 1.04 .97 .92 .92 Weighted average shares basic 
 124,311 124,840 125,987 126,341 Weighted average shares diluted 
 124,589 125,117 125,916 126,647 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 For the Quarter Ended (In thousands, except per share data) 12/31/2021 9/30/2021 6/30/2021 3/31/2021 Interest income 
 210,479 216,981 211,133 209,697 Interest expense 
 (2,822) (2,944) (3,151) (3,949) Net interest income 
 207,657 214,037 207,982 205,748 Non-interest income 
 147,699 137,506 139,143 136,045 Investment securities gains (losses), net 
 (9,706) 13,108 16,804 9,853 Salaries and employee benefits 
 (132,640) (132,824) (130,751) (129,033) Other expense 
 (70,942) (78,796) (67,375) (63,540) Provision for credit losses 
 7,054 7,385 45,655 6,232 Income before income taxes 
 149,122 160,416 211,458 165,305 Income taxes 
 (33,764) (34,662) (45,209) (32,076) Non-controlling interest 
 (452) (3,193) (3,923) (2,257) Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 114,906 122,561 162,326 130,972 Net income per common share basic 
 .90 .95 1.26 1.01 Net income per common share diluted 
 .90 .95 1.25 1.01 Weighted average shares basic 127,012 127,709 128,070 128,176 Weighted average shares diluted 127,283 127,975 128,387 128,522 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 For the Quarter Ended (In thousands, except per share data) 12/31/2020 9/30/2020 6/30/2020 3/31/2020 Interest income 
 214,726 223,114 213,323 221,485 Interest expense 
 (4,963) (7,152) (10,266) (20,420) Net interest income 
 209,763 215,962 203,057 201,065 Non-interest income 
 135,117 129,572 117,515 123,663 Investment securities gains (losses), net 
 12,307 16,155 (4,129) (13,301) Salaries and employee benefits 
 (129,983) (127,308) (126,759) (128,937) Other expense 
 (66,327) (63,550) (60,753) (64,761) Provision for credit losses 
 4,403 (3,101) (80,539) (57,953) Income before income taxes 
 165,280 167,730 48,392 59,776 Income taxes 
 (33,084) (34,375) (9,661) (10,173) Non-controlling interest 
 (2,307) (907) 1,132 2,254 Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 129,889 132,448 39,863 51,857 Net income per common share basic 
 1.00 .97 .29 .38 Net income per common share diluted 
 1.00 .97 .29 .38 Weighted average shares basic 
 128,185 128,173 128,157 128,633 Weighted average shares diluted 
 128,450 128,380 128,377 128,932 
 Restated for the 5 stock dividend distributed in 2022. 
 64 

Table of Conte nts 

 Item 7a. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information required by this item is disclosed within the Interest Rate Sensitivity section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 65 

Table of Conte nts 

 Assessment for credit losses related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses related to loans evaluated on a collective basis (the December 31, 2022 collective ACL) was 148.0 million of a total allowance for credit losses of 150.1 million as of December 31, 2022. The allowance for credit losses on loans and leases is measured on a collective (pool) basis whereas loans are aggregated into pools based on similar risk characteristics. The Company estimates the collective ACL utilizing average historical loss rates, calculated using historical net charge-offs and outstanding loan balances during a lookback period for each pool. In certain pools, if the Company s own historical loss rate is not reflective of the loss expectations, the historical loss rate is augmented by industry and peer data. The calculated average net charge-off rate is then adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts (forecast adjusted loss rate). These adjustments increase or decrease the average historical loss rate to reflect expectations of future losses given a single path economic forecast of key macroeconomic variables. The adjustments are based on results from various regression models projecting the impact of the macroeconomic variables to loss rates. The forecast is used for a reasonable and supportable period before reverting back to historical averages using a straight-line method. The forecast adjusted loss rate is applied to the amortized cost of loans over the remaining contractual lives, adjusted for expected prepayments. The allowance is further adjusted for certain qualitative factors not included in historical loss rates or the macroeconomic forecast, which include changes in portfolio composition and characteristics, underwriting practices, watchlist trends, or significant unique events or conditions. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the December 31, 2022 collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, this assessment encompassed the evaluation of the conceptual soundness of the average historical loss model used to estimate the collective ACL, including the following key factors and assumptions (1) historical losses, (2) the reasonable and supportable forecast period, and (3) the development and evaluation of qualitative adjustments. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the collective ACL estimates, including controls over the (1) development and approval of the collective ACL methodology, (2) validation of the collective ACL methodology and model, (3) identification and determination of the key factors and assumptions used to estimate the collective ACL, (4) development of qualitative adjustments, and (5) analysis of the collective ACL results, trends, and ratios. We evaluated the Company s process to develop the collective ACL estimates by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. We evaluated whether the historical losses in the Company s portfolio are representative of the credit characteristics of the current portfolio. We involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, 
 evaluating the collective ACL methodology and model for conceptual soundness by inspecting the methodology and model documentation to determine whether the methodology and model are suitable for intended use 
 testing the historical losses period and the reasonable and supportable forecast period by comparing them to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors and the effect of those factors on the collective ACL compared with changes in the nature and volume of the entity s financial assets and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative model. 
 
 We assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the Company s December 31, 2022 collective ACL by evaluating the cumulative results of the audit procedures, qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices and potential bias in the accounting estimates. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1971. 
 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 February 22, 2023 
 66 

Table of Conte nts 

 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31 2022 2021 (In thousands) ASSETS 
 Loans Allowance for credit losses on loans 
 ) ) Net loans 
 Loans held for sale (including and of residential mortgage loans carried at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Investment securities: 
 Available for sale debt, at fair value (amortized cost of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and allowance for credit losses of at both December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Trading debt 
 Equity 
 Other 
 Total investment securities 
 Federal funds sold 
 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Interest earning deposits with banks 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Premises and equipment net 
 Goodwill 
 Other intangible assets net 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Deposits: 
 Non-interest bearing 
 Savings, interest checking and money market 
 Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 and over Total deposits 
 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Other borrowings 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. stockholders equity: Common stock, par value 
 Authorized ; issued shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock of shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021, at cost 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Commerce Bancshares, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Conte nts 

 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME 
 Interest and fees on loans 
 Interest on loans held for sale 
 Interest on investment securities 
 Interest on federal funds sold 
 Interest on securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Interest on deposits with banks 
 Total interest income 
 INTEREST EXPENSE 
 Interest on deposits: 
 Savings, interest checking and money market Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 and over Interest on federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Interest on other borrowings 
 ) Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 ) Net interest income after credit losses 
 NON-INTEREST INCOME 
 Trust fees Bank card transaction fees 
 Deposit account charges and other fees 
 Consumer brokerage services Capital market fees 
 Loan fees and sales 
 Other 
 Total non-interest income 
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES GAINS, NET 
 NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 
 Salaries and employee benefits 
 Data processing and software Net occupancy 
 Equipment 
 Supplies and communication 
 Marketing 
 Other 
 Total non-interest expense 
 Income before income taxes 
 Less income taxes 
 Net income 
 Less non-controlling interest expense (income) 
 ) Net income attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 Less preferred stock dividends 
 Net income available to common shareholders 
 Net income per common share - basic 
 Net income per common share - diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Conte nts 

 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on other securities 
 ) ) Change in pension loss 
 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less non-controlling interest (income) loss ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Conte nts 

 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Shareholders (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-Controlling Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2019 
 ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13 Balance at December 31, 2019, adjusted 
 ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income Distributions to non-controlling interest ) ) Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 per depositary share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance under stock purchase and equity compensation plans ) stock dividend, net 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interest ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Sale of non-controlling interest of subsidiary ) Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance under stock purchase and equity compensation plans ) stock dividend, net 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interest ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance under stock purchase and equity compensation plans ) stock dividend, net 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Conte nts 

 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for credit losses ) Provision for depreciation and amortization Amortization of investment security premiums, net Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Investment securities gains, net (A) ) ) ) Net gains on sales of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Originations of loans held for sale ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in trading securities, excluding unsettled transactions ) ) Purchase of interest rate floors ) Stock-based compensation (Increase) decrease in interest receivable ) ) Increase (decrease) in interest payable ) ) Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable ) ) Proceeds from terminated interest rate floors Other changes, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Distributions received from equity-method investment 
 Proceeds from sales of investment securities (A) 
 Proceeds from maturities/pay downs of investment securities (A) 
 Purchases of investment securities (A) 
 ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in loans 
 ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 ) ) Repayments of securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Purchases of premises and equipment 
 ) ) ) Sales of premises and equipment 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Net increase (decrease) in non-interest bearing, savings, interest checking and money market deposits 
 ) Net decrease in certificates of deposit 
 ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased and short-term securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in other borrowings 
 ) ) Preferred stock redemption 
 ) Purchases of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 Income tax payments, net 
 Interest paid on deposits and borrowings 
 Loans transferred to foreclosed real estate 
 
 (A) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

71 

Table of Conte nts 

 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 branch and ATM locations throughout Missouri, Kansas, Illinois, Oklahoma and Colorado. Principal activities include retail and commercial banking, investment management, securities brokerage, mortgage banking, trust, and private banking services. The Company also maintains offices in Dallas, Houston, Cincinnati, Nashville, Des Moines, Indianapolis, and Grand Rapids that support customers in its commercial and/or wealth segments and operates a commercial payments business with sales representatives covering the continental U.S. 

million as of January 1, 2020 for the cumulative effect of adopting CECL. The transition adjustment included a decrease to the allowance for credit losses of million related to the commercial loan portfolio, an increase to the allowance for credit losses of million related to the personal banking loan portfolio, an increase to the liability for unfunded commitments of million, and a tax impact of million. 

72 

Table of Conte nts 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During 2020, the Federal Reserve System, which historically required the Bank to maintain cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank, reduced the reserve requirement ratios to zero percent effective March 26, 2020. Other interest earning cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank totaled million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 months to loan fees and sales. Other credit card fees, such as cash advance fees and late payment fees, are recognized in income as an adjustment of yield when charged to the cardholder s account. 

to days delinquent, depending on the type of loan. Revolving home equity loans are charged down to the fair value of the related collateral once the loans are more than days past due. Credit card loans are charged off against the allowance for credit losses when the receivable is more than days past due. 
 
 days past due as to principal and/or interest payments are generally placed on non-accrual status, unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection. Consumer, revolving home equity and credit card loans are exempt under regulatory rules from being classified as non-accrual. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, any interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current interest income, and the loan is charged off to the extent uncollectible. Principal and interest payments received on non-accrual loans are generally applied to principal. Interest is included in income only after all previous loan charge-offs have been recovered and is recorded only as received. The loan is returned to accrual status only when the borrower has brought all past due principal and interest payments current, and, in the opinion of management, the borrower has demonstrated the ability to make future payments of principal and interest as scheduled. A six month history of sustained payment performance is generally required before reinstatement of accrual status. 
 
 73 

Table of Conte nts 

74 

Table of Conte nts 

75 

Table of Conte nts 

to years for buildings, years for building improvements, and to years for equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of years or the remaining lease term. Maintenance and repairs are charged to non-interest expense as incurred. 

76 

Table of Conte nts 

 to years, representing their estimated lives, using accelerated methods. Mortgage servicing rights are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income, considering appropriate prepayment assumptions. Core deposit intangibles are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment is indicated if the sum of the undiscounted estimated future net cash flows is less than the carrying value of the intangible asset. Mortgage servicing rights, while initially recorded at fair value, are subsequently amortized and carried at the lower of the initial capitalized amount (net of accumulated amortization), or estimated fair value. The Company evaluates its mortgage servicing rights for impairment on a quarterly basis, using estimated prepayment speeds of the underlying mortgage loans serviced and stratifications based on the risk characteristics of the underlying loans. A valuation allowance has been established, through a charge to earnings, to the extent the amortized cost exceeds the estimated fair value. However, the Company has not recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on its intangible assets. 

77 

Table of Conte nts 

78 

Table of Conte nts 

stock dividend distributed in December 2022. 

79 

Table of Conte nts 

 2. 
 Real estate construction and land 
 Real estate business 
 Personal Banking: 
 Real estate personal 
 Consumer 
 Revolving home equity 
 Consumer credit card 
 Overdrafts 
 Total loans (1) 
 
 (1) Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company wrote-off accrued interest by reversing interest income of thousand and million in the Commercial and Personal Banking portfolios, respectively. 
 
 Additions Amounts collected ) Amounts written off Balance, December 31, 2022 

Management believes all loans to directors and executive officers have been made in the ordinary course of business with normal credit terms, including interest rate and collateral considerations, and do not represent more than a normal risk of collection. The activity in the table above includes draws and repayments on several lines of credit with business entities. There were outstanding loans at December 31, 2022 to principal holders (over 10 ownership) of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The Company s lending activity is generally centered in Missouri, Kansas, Illinois and other nearby states including Oklahoma, Colorado, Iowa, Ohio, and Texas. The Company maintains a diversified portfolio with limited industry concentrations of credit risk. Loans and loan commitments are extended under the Company s normal credit standards, controls, and monitoring procedures. Most loan commitments are short or intermediate term in nature. Commercial loan maturities generally range from one to seven years. Collateral is commonly required and would include such assets as marketable securities, cash equivalent assets, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, other forms of personal property, and real estate. At December 31, 2022, unfunded loan commitments totaled billion (which included billion in unused approved lines of credit related to credit card loan agreements) which could be drawn by customers subject to certain review and terms of agreement. At December 31, 2022, loans totaling billion were pledged at the FHLB as collateral for borrowings and letters of credit obtained to secure public deposits. Additional loans of billion were pledged at the Federal Reserve Bank as collateral for discount window borrowings. 
 
 The Company has a net investment in direct financing and sales type leases to commercial and industrial and tax-exempt entities o f million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in business loans on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. This investment includes deferred income of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 80 

Table of Conte nts 

81 

Table of Conte nts 

The liability for unfunded lending commitments utilizes the same model as the allowance for credit losses on loans, however, the liability for unfunded lending commitments incorporates an assumption for the portion of unfunded commitments that are expected to be funded. 
 
 Sensitivity in the Allowance for Credit Loss model 
 The allowance for credit losses is an estimate that requires significant judgment including projections of the macro-economic environment. The forecasted macro-economic environment continuously changes which can cause fluctuations in estimated expected credit losses. 
 
 The current forecast continues to reflect a mild recession in 2023 due to high inflation, higher interest rates, and a weaker job market. The impacts of the stressed geopolitical environment, trends in health conditions, and market responses to the usually high inflation could significantly modify economic projections used in the estimation of the allowance for credit losses and liability for unfunded lending commitments. 
 
 82 

Table of Conte nts 

 Provision for credit losses on loans Deductions: Loans charged off Less recoveries on loans Net loan charge-offs Balance December 31, 2022 LIABILITY FOR UNFUNDED LENDING COMMITMENTS Balance December 31, 2021 Provision for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments Balance December 31, 2022 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS AND LIABILITY FOR UNFUNDED LENDING COMMITMENTS ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS Balance at December 31, 2020 Provision for credit losses on loans ) ) ) Deductions: Loans charged off Less recoveries on loans Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) ) Balance December 31, 2021 
 LIABILITY FOR UNFUNDED LENDING COMMITMENTS Balance at December 31, 2020 Provision for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS AND UNFUNDED LENDING COMMITMENTS 

83 

Table of Conte nts 

Real estate construction and land 
 Real estate business 
 Personal Banking: 
 Real estate personal 
 Consumer 
 Revolving home equity 
 Consumer credit card 
 Overdrafts 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Commercial: 
 Business 
 Real estate construction and land 
 Real estate business 
 Personal Banking: 
 Real estate personal 
 Consumer 
 Revolving home equity 
 Consumer credit card 
 Overdrafts 
 Total 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of non-accrual business loans that had no allowance for credit loss. The Company did not record any interest income on non-accrual loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 84 

Table of Conte nts 

85 

Table of Conte nts 

 Special mention Substandard Non-accrual Total Business: Real estate-construction Risk Rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Total Real estate-construction: Real estate- business Risk Rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Non-accrual Total Real-estate business: Commercial loans Risk Rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Non-accrual Total Commercial loans: 
 
 86 

Table of Conte nts 

 Special mention Substandard Non-accrual Total Business: Real estate-construction Risk Rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Total Real estate-construction: Real estate- business Risk Rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Non-accrual Total Real-estate business: Commercial loans Risk Rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Non-accrual Total Commercial loans: 

87 

Table of Conte nts 

 Over 90 days past due Non-accrual Total Real estate-personal: Consumer Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Consumer: Revolving home equity Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Revolving home equity: Consumer credit card Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Consumer credit card: Overdrafts Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Overdrafts: Personal banking loans Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Non-accrual Total Personal banking loans: 
 
 88 

Table of Conte nts 

 Over 90 days past due Non-accrual Total Real estate-personal: Consumer Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Consumer: Revolving home equity Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Revolving home equity: Consumer credit card Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total Consumer credit card: Overdrafts Current to 90 days past due Total Overdrafts: Personal banking loans Current to 90 days past due Over 90 days past due Non-accrual Total Personal banking loans: 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans 
 The Company's collateral-dependent loans are comprised of large loans on non-accrual status. The Company requires that collateral-dependent loans are either over-collateralized or carry collateral equal to the amortized cost of the loan. 
 
 Total 
 
 Other Personal Banking loan information 
 As noted above, the credit quality of Personal Banking loans is monitored primarily on the basis of aging/delinquency, and this information is provided in the table in the above section on "Credit quality indicators." In addition, FICO scores are obtained and updated on a quarterly basis for most of the loans in the Personal Banking portfolio. This is a published credit score designed to measure the risk of default by taking into account various factors from a borrower's financial history and is considered supplementary information utilized by the Company, as management does not consider this information in evaluating the allowance for credit losses on loans. The Bank normally obtains a FICO score at the loan's origination and renewal dates, and updates are obtained on a quarterly basis. Excluded from the table below are certain personal real estate loans for which FICO scores are not obtained because the loans generally pertain to commercial customer activities and are often underwritten with other collateral considerations. These loans totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The table also excludes consumer loans related to the Company's patient healthcare loan program, which totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. As the healthcare loans are guaranteed by the hospital, customer FICO scores are not obtained for these loans. The personal real estate loans and 
 89 

Table of Conte nts 

 of the Personal Banking portfolio. 
 600 659 
 660 719 
 720 779 
 780 and over 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 FICO score: 
 Under 600 
 600 659 
 660 719 
 720 779 
 780 and over 
 Total 

Troubled debt restructurings 
 Restructured loans are those extended to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty and who have been granted a concession. Restructured loans are placed on non-accrual status if the Company does not believe it probable that amounts due under the contractual terms will be collected. Commercial performing restructured loans are primarily comprised of certain business, construction and business real estate loans classified as substandard, but renewed at rates judged to be non-market. These loans are performing in accordance with their modified terms, and because the Company believes it probable that all amounts due under the modified terms of the agreements will be collected, interest on these loans is being recognized on an accrual basis. Troubled debt restructurings also include certain credit card and other small consumer loans under various debt management and assistance programs. Modifications to these loans generally involve removing the available line of credit, placing loans on amortizing status, and lowering the contractual interest rate. Certain personal real estate, revolving home equity, and consumer loans were classified as consumer bankruptcy troubled debt restructurings because they were not reaffirmed by the borrower in bankruptcy proceedings. Interest on these loans is being recognized on an accrual basis, as the borrowers are continuing to make payments. Other consumer loans classified as troubled debt restructurings consist of various other workout arrangements with consumer customers. 
 
 Section 4013 of the CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020, and includes a provision that short-term modifications are not troubled debt restructurings, if made on a good-faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers who were current prior to December 31, 2019. The Company elected such option under the CARES Act when determining if a customer s modification is subject to troubled debt restructuring classification. If it is deemed the modification is not short-term, not COVID-19 related or the customer does not meet the criteria under the guidance to be scoped out of troubled debt restructuring classification, the Company will evaluate the loan modifications under its existing framework and account for the modification as a troubled debt restructuring. 
 
 The initial guidance issued under the CARES Act was due to expire on December 31, 2020. During January 2021, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 was enacted and extended relief offered under the CARES Act related to the accounting and disclosure requirements for troubled debt restructurings as a result of COVID-19. The Company elected to extend its application of this guidance through December 31, 2021. 
 
 90 

Table of Conte nts 

 Assistance programs 
 Other consumer 
 Non-accrual loans 
 Total troubled debt restructurings 

days or more past due as to interest or principal. 
 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 Balance 90 days past due at any time during previous 12 months Commercial: 
 Business 
 Real estate construction and land 
 Real estate business 
 Personal Banking: 
 Real estate personal 
 Consumer 
 Revolving home equity 
 Consumer credit card 
 Total troubled debt restructurings 

For those loans on non-accrual status also classified as restructured, the modification did not create any further financial effect on the Company as those loans were already recorded at net realizable value. For those performing commercial loans classified as restructured, there were no concessions involving forgiveness of principal or interest and, therefore, there was no financial impact to the Company as a result of modification to these loans. However, the effects of modifications to loans under various debt management and assistance programs were estimated to decrease interest income by approximately thousand on an annual, pre-tax basis, compared to amounts contractually owed. Performing consumer loans where the debt was not reaffirmed in bankruptcy did not result in a concession, as no changes to loan terms occurred in that process. Other modifications to consumer loans mainly involve extensions and other small modifications that did not include the forgiveness of principal or interest. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses related to troubled debt restructurings on non-accrual status is determined by individual evaluation, including collateral adequacy, using the same process as loans on non-accrual status which are not classified as troubled debt restructurings. Those performing loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are accruing loans which management expects to collect under contractual terms. Performing commercial loans having no other concessions granted other than being renewed at non-market interest rates are judged to have similar risk characteristics as non-troubled debt commercial loans and are collectively evaluated based on internal risk rating, loan type, delinquency, historical experience and current economic factors. Performing personal banking loans classified as troubled debt restructurings resulted from the borrower not reaffirming the debt during bankruptcy and have had no other concession granted, other than the Bank's future limitations on collecting payment deficiencies or in pursuing foreclosure actions. As such, they have similar risk characteristics as non-troubled debt personal banking loans and are evaluated collectively based on loan type, delinquency, historical experience and current economic factors. 
 
 91 

Table of Conte nts 

 million commitments at December 31, 2022 to lend additional funds to borrowers with restructured loans, compared to no commitments at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 The Company designates certain long-term fixed rate personal real estate loans as held for sale, and the Company has elected the fair value option for these loans. The election of the fair value option aligns the accounting for these loans with the related economic hedges discussed in Note 19. The loans are primarily sold to FNMA and FHLMC. At December 31, 2022, there was no personal real estate loans held for sale. 
 
 The Company also designates certain student loan originations as held for sale. The borrowers are credit-worthy students who are attending colleges and universities. The loans are intended to be sold in the secondary market, and the Company maintains contracts with Sallie Mae to sell the loans within 210 days after the last disbursement to the student. These loans are carried at lower of cost or fair value, which at December 31, 2022 totaled million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, of the loans held for sale were on non-accrual status or 90 days past due and still accruing. 
 
 Foreclosed real estate/repossessed assets 
 The Company s holdings of foreclosed real estate totaled thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Personal property acquired in repossession, generally autos, marine and recreational vehicles (RV), totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Upon acquisition, these assets are recorded at fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. They are subsequently carried at the lower of this cost basis or fair value less estimated selling costs. 

3. 
 Trading debt securities Equity securities: Readily determinable fair value No readily determinable fair value Other: Federal Reserve Bank stock Federal Home Loan Bank stock Equity method investments Private equity investments Total investment securities (1) 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and was included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The Company has elected to measure equity securities with no readily determinable fair value at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. This portfolio includes the Company's holdings of Visa Class B shares, which have a carrying value of , as there have not been observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. During the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not record any impairment or significant other adjustments to the carrying amount of its portfolio of equity securities with no readily determinable fair value. 
 
 Other investment securities include Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) stock, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock, equity method investments, and investments in portfolio concerns held by the Company's private equity subsidiary. FRB stock and FHLB stock are held for debt and regulatory purposes. Investment in FRB stock is based on the capital structure of the 
 92 

Table of Conte nts 

After 1 but within 5 years After 5 but within 10 years Total U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations: After 5 but within 10 years After 10 years Total government-sponsored enterprise obligations 
 State and municipal obligations: Within 1 year After 1 but within 5 years After 5 but within 10 years After 10 years Total state and municipal obligations 
 Mortgage and asset-backed securities: 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Total mortgage and asset-backed securities 
 Other debt securities: 
 Within 1 year After 1 but within 5 years After 5 but within 10 years After 10 years Total other debt securities 
 Total available for sale debt securities 

Investments in U.S. government and federal agency obligations include U.S. Treasury inflation-protected securities, which totaled million, at fair value, at December 31, 2022. Interest paid on these securities increases with inflation and decreases with deflation, as measured by the non-seasonally adjusted Consumer Price Index (CPI-U). At maturity, the principal paid is the greater of an inflation-adjusted principal or the original principal. 
 
 93 

Table of Conte nts 

 below purchase price, or who have been identified based on management s judgment. These securities are placed on a watch list and cash flow analyses are prepared on an individual security basis. Certain securities are analyzed using a projected cash flow model, discounted to present value, and compared to the current amortized cost bases of the securities. The model uses input factors such as cash flow projections, contractual payments required, expected delinquency rates, credit support from other tranches, prepayment speeds, collateral loss severity rates (including loan to values), and various other information related to the underlying collateral. Securities not analyzed using the cash flow model are analyzed by reviewing risk ratings, credit support agreements, and industry knowledge to project future cash flows and any possible credit impairment. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the fair value of securities on this watch list was billion compared to million at December 31, 2021. The majority of the securities included on the Company's watch list were experiencing unrealized loss positions due to the significant increase in interest rates and were analyzed outside of the cash flow model. At December 31, 2022, the securities on the Company's watch list that were not deemed to be solely related to increasing interest rates were securities backed by government-guaranteed student loans and are expected to perform as contractually required. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not identify any securities for which a credit loss exists, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize a credit loss expense on any available for sale debt securities. 
 
 94 

Table of Conte nts 

 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations State and municipal obligations Mortgage and asset-backed securities: Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Total mortgage and asset-backed securities 
 Other debt securities 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 U.S. government and federal agency obligations Government-sponsored enterprise obligations State and municipal obligations Mortgage and asset-backed securities: Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Total mortgage and asset-backed securities Other debt securities Total 
 
 The entire available for sale debt securities portfolio included billion of securities that were in a loss position at December 31, 2022, compared to billion at December 31, 2021. The total amount of unrealized loss on these securities was billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of billion compared to the unrealized loss at December 31, 2021. Securities with significant unrealized losses are discussed in the " Allowance for credit losses on available for sale debt securities " section above. 
 
 95 

Table of Conte nts 

 ) Government-sponsored enterprise obligations ) State and municipal obligations ) Mortgage and asset-backed securities: Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Total mortgage and asset-backed securities 
 ) Other debt securities 
 ) Total 
 ) December 31, 2021 U.S. government and federal agency obligations ) Government-sponsored enterprise obligations ) State and municipal obligations ) Mortgage and asset-backed securities: Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Total mortgage and asset-backed securities 
 ) Other debt securities 
 ) Total 
 ) 
 
 96 

Table of Conte nts 

 Equity securities 
 Other 
 Total proceeds 
 Investment securities gains (losses), net: Available for sale debt securities: Gains realized on sales Losses realized on sales ) ) Equity securities: 
 Gains realized on sales Fair value adjustments, net 
 ) Other: 
 Gains realized on sales 
 Losses realized on sales 
 ) ) Fair value adjustments, net ) Total investment securities gains, net 
 
 At December 31, 2022, securities totaling billion in fair value were pledged to secure public fund deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, trust funds, and borrowings at the FRB and FHLB, compared to billion at December 31, 2021. Securities pledged under agreements pursuant to which the collateral may be sold or re-pledged by the secured parties approximated million, while the remaining securities were pledged under agreements pursuant to which the secured parties may not sell or re-pledge the collateral. 
 
 Except for obligations of various government-sponsored enterprises such as FNMA, FHLB and FHLMC, investment in a single issuer exceeds of stockholders equity. 

97 

Table of Conte nts 

 4. 
 Buildings and improvements Equipment Right of use leased assets Total Less accumulated depreciation 
 Net premises and equipment 

Depreciation expense of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020, was included in occupancy expense and equipment expense in the consolidated statements of income. Repairs and maintenance expense of million, million, and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was included in occupancy expense and equipment expense. Interest expense capitalized on constructions projects totaled million, thousand, and thousand in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Right of use leased assets are comprised mainly of operating leases for branches, office space, ATM locations, and certain equipment, as described in Note 6. 

5. 
 ) ) Mortgage servicing rights 
 ) ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) 
 
 impairment of goodwill was recorded in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Further, the annual assessment of qualitative factors on January 1, 2023 revealed no likelihood of impairment as of that date. 
 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Consumer segment Commercial segment Wealth segment Total goodwill 
 
 98 

Table of Conte nts 

 million in connection with the Developer Services Agreement that was signed during the third quarter of 2020 to develop a commercial office complex in Clayton, Missouri. The easement, which grants the Company access to all portions of the parking facility and terrace garden, is perpetual and will be assessed for impairment at least annually, or whenever events or circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. No impairment was identified at December 31, 2022. 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Goodwill 
 Easement Core Deposit Premium 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Originations, net of disposals Amortization ) ) Impairment recovery Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Originations, net of disposals Amortization ) ) Impairment recovery Balance at December 31, 2022 

Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently amortized over the period of estimated servicing income. They are periodically reviewed for impairment at a tranche level, and if impairment is indicated, recorded at fair value. Temporary impairment, including impairment recovery, is effected through a change in a valuation allowance. During 2022, impairment recovery of thousand was recognized. The fair value of the MSRs is based on the present value of expected future cash flows, as further discussed in Note 17 on Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Aggregate amortization expense on intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

99 

Table of Conte nts 

 6. 
 million and million, respectively, compared to right-of-use assets of million and lease liability of million at December 31, 2021. Total lease cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, an election was made not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities for all asset classes, and to recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company's leases have remaining terms of month to years, most of which contain renewal options. However, the renewal options are generally not included in the leased asset or liability because the option exercises are uncertain. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Excludes million of legally binding minimum lease payments for operating leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 
 Lessor 
 The Company has net investments in direct financing and sales-type leases to commercial, industrial, and tax-exempt entities. These leases are included within business loans on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company primarily leases various types of equipment, trucks and trailers, and office furniture and fixtures. Lease agreements may include options for the lessee to renew or purchase the leased equipment at the end of the lease term. The Company has elected to adopt the lease component expedient in which the lease and nonlease components are combined into the total lease receivable. The Company also leases office space to third parties, and these leases are classified as operating leases. The leases may include options to renew or to expand the leased space, and currently the leases have remaining terms of months to years. 
 
 100 

Table of Conte nts 

 Operating leases (1) 
 Total lease income 
 (1) Includes rent from Tower Properties, a related party, of thousand for the years ended both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Unguaranteed residual assets Total net investments in direct financing and sales-type leases Deferred origination cost Total net investment included within business loans 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease receipts Less: Net present value adjustment Present value of lease receipts 

101 

Table of Conte nts 

 7. 
 Due in 2024 Due in 2025 Due in 2026 Due in 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 million at December 31, 2022. 

8. 

2021 2020 
 
 Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements comprised the majority of the Company's short-term borrowings (borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year at December 31, 2022), and billion of these borrowings were repurchase agreements, which generally have one day maturities and are mainly comprised of non-insured customer funds secured by a portion of the Company's investment portfolio. Additional information about the securities pledged for repurchase agreements and repurchase agreement maturity is provided in Note 20 on Resale and Repurchase Agreements. 
 
 outstanding advances from the FHLB. The FHLB also issues letters of credit to secure the Bank's obligations to certain depositors of public funds, which totaled million at December 31, 2022. 

102 

Table of Conte nts 

 9. 
 State and local Total Year ended December 31, 2021: 
 U.S. federal State and local Total Year ended December 31, 2020: 
 U.S. federal ) State and local ) Total ) ) Change in fair value on cash flow hedges 
 ) ) Accumulated pension (benefit) loss 
 ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13 
 Income tax (benefit) expense allocated to stockholders equity 
 ) ) 
 
 Loans, principally due to allowance for credit losses Deferred compensation Equity-based compensation Accrued expenses Unearned fee income Other Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Equipment lease financing Cash flow hedges Land, buildings, and equipment Private equity investments Intangible assets Unrealized gain on available for sale debt securities Other Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 ) 
 
 Management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the total deferred tax assets, therefore, no valuation allowance is needed for the deferred tax assets at year end. 
 103 

Table of Conte nts 

 , and the Company's actual income tax expense for 2022, 2021, and 2020 is provided below. The effective tax rate is calculated by dividing income taxes by income before income taxes less the non-controlling interest expense. 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Computed expected tax expense 
 Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: 
 Tax-exempt interest, net of cost to carry ) ) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Share-based award payments ) ) ) Other ) Total income tax expense 

The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Gross increases tax positions in prior period Gross decreases tax positions in prior period ) Gross increases current-period tax positions Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax by federal, state and local government taxing authorities. Tax years 2019 through 2022 remain open to examination for U.S. federal income tax and for major state taxing jurisdictions. 

10. 
 Medical plans 401(k) plan Pension plans Other Total employee benefits 

A portion of the Company s employees are covered by a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan, however, participation in the pension plan is not available to employees hired after June 30, 2003. All participants are fully vested in their benefit payable upon normal retirement date, which is based on years of participation and compensation. Since January 2011, all benefits accrued under the pension plan have been frozen. However, the accounts continue to accrue interest at a stated annual rate. Certain key executives also participate in a supplemental executive retirement plan (the CERP) that the Company funds only as retirement benefits are disbursed. The CERP carries no segregated assets. The CERP continues to provide credits based on hypothetical contributions in excess of those permitted under the 401(k) plan. In the tables presented below, the pension plan and the CERP are presented on a combined basis. 
 
 Under the Company s funding policy for the defined benefit pension plan, contributions are made to a trust as necessary to satisfy the statutory minimum required contribution as defined by the Pension Protection Act, which is intended to provide for current service accruals and for any unfunded accrued actuarial liabilities over a reasonable period. To the extent that these 
 104 

Table of Conte nts 

 contributions to the defined benefit plan were made in 2022, 2021 or 2020. The minimum required contribution for 2023 is expected to be . The Company does not expect to make any further contributions in 2023 other than the necessary funding contributions to the CERP. Contributions to the CERP were thousand, thousand and thousand during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized net (gain) loss Net periodic pension cost 
 
 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Benefits paid 
 ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss 
 ) ) Projected benefit obligation at valuation date 
 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at prior valuation date 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 ) Employer contributions 
 Benefits paid 
 ) ) Fair value of plan assets at valuation date 
 Funded status and net amount recognized at valuation date 
 ) ) 
 
 The pension benefit obligation decreased from the prior year primarily due to an increase in the discount rate from to , which decreased the pension benefit liability by approximately million. This decrease was slightly offset by updates to lump sum payment assumptions. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation, which represents the liability of a plan using only benefits as of the measurement date, was million and million for the combined plans on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 105 

Table of Conte nts 

 Accumulated gain (loss) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Cumulative employer contributions in excess of net periodic benefit cost Net amount recognized as an accrued benefit liability on the December 31 balance sheet 
 ) ) Net gain (loss) arising during period 
 Amortization of net (gain) loss 
 Amortization of prior service cost 
 ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total income (expense) recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive income 

Assumed cash balance interest crediting rate Determination of net periodic benefit cost for year ended: 
 Effective discount rate on benefit obligations Effective rate for interest cost on benefit obligations Long-term rate of return on assets Assumed cash balance interest crediting rate 
 
 106 

Table of Conte nts 

 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations (a) 
 State and municipal obligations Agency mortgage-backed securities (b) 
 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Corporate bonds (c) 
 Equity securities and mutual funds: (d) 
 Mutual funds Common stocks International developed markets funds Emerging markets funds Total 
 December 31, 2021 Assets: 
 U.S. government obligations 
 Government-sponsored enterprise obligations (a) 
 State and municipal obligations 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities (b) 
 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Corporate bonds (c) 
 Equity securities and mutual funds: (d) 
 Mutual funds Common stocks International developed markets funds Emerging markets funds Total 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 
 The investment policy of the pension plan is designed for growth in principal, within limits designed to safeguard against significant losses within the portfolio. The policy sets guidelines, which may change from time to time, regarding the types and percentages of investments held. Currently, the policy includes guidelines such as holding bonds rated investment grade or better and prohibiting investment in Company stock. The plan does not utilize derivatives. Management believes there are no significant concentrations of risk within the plan asset portfolio at December 31, 2022. Under the current policy, the long-term investment target mix for the plan is equity securities and fixed income securities. The Company regularly reviews its policies on investment mix and may make changes depending on economic conditions and perceived investment risk. 
 
 107 

Table of Conte nts 

 . Determination of the plan s expected rate of return is based upon historical and anticipated returns of the asset classes invested in by the pension plan and the allocation strategy currently in place among those classes. The rate used in plan calculations may be adjusted by management for current trends in the economic environment. The 10-year annualized return for the Company s pension plan was . During 2022, the plan s assets lost of their value, compared to a gain of in 2021. Returns for any plan year may be affected by changes in the stock market and interest rates. The Company expects to incur pension expense of million in 2023, compared to thousand in 2022. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 

11. 
 shares remained available for issuance under the plan. The stock-based compensation expense that was charged against income was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for share-based compensation arrangements was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 to years of continued employment, but vesting terms may vary according to the specifics of the individual grant agreement. There are restrictions as to transferability, sale, pledging, or assigning, among others, prior to the end of the vesting period. Dividend and voting rights are conferred upon grant of restricted stock awards. A summary of the status of the Company s nonvested share awards as of December 31, 2022 and changes during the year then ended is presented below. 

Shares 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Nonvested at January 1, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value (at vest date) of shares vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 108 

Table of Conte nts 

 years of continuous service and have -year contractual terms. All SARs must be settled in stock under provisions of the plan. A summary of SAR activity during 2022 is presented below. 
 
 Granted 
 Forfeited 
 ) Expired 
 ) Exercised 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 years 
 
 In determining compensation cost, the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is used to estimate the fair value of SARs on date of grant. The Black-Scholes model is a closed-end model that uses various assumptions as shown in the following table. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. The Company uses historical exercise behavior and other factors to estimate the expected term of the SARs, which represents the period of time that the SARs granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for the expected term is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon spot rates in effect at the time of grant. The per share average fair value and the model assumptions for SARs granted during the past three years are shown in the table below. 
 
 Assumptions: Dividend yield 
 Volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected term 
 years years years 
 
 Tax benefit realized SARs exercised 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested SARs and stock awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Directors Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company has a directors stock purchase plan whereby outside directors of the Company and its subsidiaries may elect to use their directors fees to purchase Company stock at market value each month end. Remaining shares available for issuance under this plan were at December 31, 2022. Shares authorized for issuance under the plan were increased to shares in February 2022. In 2022, shares were purchased at an average price of , and in 2021, shares were purchased at an average price of . 
 
 All share and per share amounts in this note have been restated for the common stock dividend distributed in 2022. 
 
 109 

Table of Conte nts 

 12. 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications to current earnings ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to current earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 
 ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Balance January 1, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications to current earnings ) ) Amounts reclassified to current earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 
 ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 
 ) 
 (1) 

13. 
 operating segments: Consumer, Commercial, and Wealth. The Consumer segment consists of various consumer loan and deposit products offered through its retail branch network of approximately 150 locations. This segment also includes indirect and other consumer loan financing businesses, along with debit and credit card loan and fee businesses. Residential mortgage origination, sales and servicing functions are included in this Consumer segment, but residential mortgage loans retained by the Company are not considered part of this segment and are instead included in the Other/Elimination column. The Commercial segment provides corporate lending (including the Small Business Banking product line within the branch network), leasing, and international services, along with business and governmental deposit products and commercial cash management services. This segment also includes both merchant and commercial bank card products as well as the Capital Markets Group, which sells fixed income securities and provides securities safekeeping and accounting services to its business and correspondent bank customers. The Wealth segment provides traditional trust and estate planning, advisory and discretionary investment management, and brokerage services. This segment also provides various loan and deposit related services to its private banking customers. 
 
 The Company s business line reporting system derives segment information from the internal profitability reporting system used by management to monitor and manage the financial performance of the Company. This information is based on internal management accounting procedures and methods, which have been developed to reflect the underlying economics of the businesses. These methodologies are applied in connection with funds transfer pricing and assignment of overhead costs 
 110 

Table of Conte nts 

 Provision for credit losses 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-interest income 
 ) Investment securities gains, net 
 Non-interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Net interest income 
 ) Provision for loan losses 
 ) ) ) Non-interest income 
 ) Investment securities gains, net 
 Non-interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Year ended December 31, 2020: 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for loan losses 
 ) ) ) ) ) Non-interest income 
 ) Investment securities gains, net 
 Non-interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 ) 
 
 The segment activity, as shown above, includes both direct and allocated items. Amounts in the Other/Elimination column include activity not related to the segments, such as that relating to administrative functions, the investment securities portfolio, and the effect of certain expense allocations to the segments. The provision for credit losses in this category contains the difference between net loan charge-offs assigned directly to the segments and the recorded provision for credit loss expense. Included in this category s net interest income are earnings of the investment portfolio, which are not allocated to a segment. 
 
 111 

Table of Conte nts 

 Loans, including held for sale 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 Deposits 
 ) Average balances for 2021: 
 Assets 
 Loans, including held for sale 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 Deposits 
 ) 
 
 The above segment balances include only those items directly associated with the segment. The Other/Elimination column includes unallocated bank balances not associated with a segment (such as investment securities and federal funds sold), balances relating to certain other administrative and corporate functions, and eliminations between segment and non-segment balances. This column also includes the resulting effect of allocating such items as float, deposit reserve and capital for the purpose of computing the cost or credit for funds used/provided. 
 
 The Company s reportable segments are strategic lines of business that offer different products and services. They are managed separately because each line services a specific customer need, requiring different performance measurement analyses and marketing strategies. The performance measurement of the segments is based on the management structure of the Company and is not necessarily comparable with similar information for any other financial institution. The information is also not necessarily indicative of the segments financial condition and results of operations if they were independent entities. 

112 

Table of Conte nts 

 14. 
 stock dividend on its par common stock for the 29th consecutive year. All per common share data in this report has been restated to reflect the stock dividend. 
 
 The Company applies the two-class method of computing income per share, as nonvested share-based awards that pay nonforfeitable common stock dividends are considered securities which participate in undistributed earnings with common stock. The two-class method requires the calculation of separate income per share amounts for the nonvested share-based awards and for common stock. Income per share attributable to common stock is shown in the following table. Nonvested share-based awards are further discussed in Note 11, Stock-Based Compensation. 
 
 Basic income per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted income per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the year. Presented below is a summary of the components used to calculate basic and diluted income per common share, which have been restated for all stock dividends. 
 
 Less preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Less income allocated to nonvested restricted stock Net income allocated to common stock Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic income per common share 
 Diluted income per common share: Net income available to common shareholders Less income allocated to nonvested restricted stock Net income allocated to common stock 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Net effect of the assumed exercise of stock-based awards - based on the treasury stock method using the average market price for the respective periods Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 Diluted income per common share 

Unexercised stock appreciation rights of thousand, thousand and thousand were excluded from the computation of diluted income per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 On September 1, 2020, the Company redeemed all outstanding shares of its Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share, (Series B Preferred Stock) and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in the Series B Preferred Stock (Series B Depositary Shares). The depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series B Preferred Stock, were redeemed simultaneously with the redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock at a redemption price of per depositary share. Regular dividends on the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock were paid separately on September 1, 2020 to all holders of record as of August 14, 2020, in the customary manner, and future dividends ceased to accrue. For the year ended December 31, 2020, preferred stock dividends totaled million, and included million related to the preferred stock redemption, which is the excess of the redemption costs over the book value of the preferred stock. 
 
 The Company maintains a treasury stock buyback program authorized by its Board of Directors. The most recent authorization in April 2022 approved future purchases of shares of the Company's common stock. At December 31, 2022, shares of common stock remained available for purchase under the current authorization. 
 
 113 

Table of Conte nts 

 Issuance of stock: 
 Awards and sales under employee and director plans 5 stock dividend Other purchases of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) Shares outstanding at December 31 

Except as noted in the above table, all share and per share amounts in this footnote have been restated for the 5 common stock dividend distributed in 2022. 
 
 114 

Table of Conte nts 

 15. 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 Tier I Capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 Tier I Common Capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 Tier I Capital (to adjusted quarterly average assets): 
 (Leverage Ratio) 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 Tier I Capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 Tier I Common Capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 
 Tier I Capital (to adjusted quarterly average assets): 
 (Leverage Ratio) 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (consolidated) 
 N.A. 
 N.A. 
 Commerce Bank 

The minimum required ratios for well-capitalized banks (under prompt corrective action provisions) are for Tier I common capital, for Tier I capital, for Total capital and for the leverage ratio. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company met all capital requirements to which it is subject, and the Bank s capital position exceeded the regulatory definition of well-capitalized. 

115 

Table of Conte nts 

 16. 
 of the Company s total revenue was comprised of net interest income, which is not within the scope of this guidance. Of the remaining revenue, those items that were subject to this guidance mainly included fees for bank card, trust, deposit account services and consumer brokerage services. 
 
 Trust fees Deposit account charges and other fees Consumer brokerage services Other non-interest income Total non-interest income from contracts with customers Other non-interest income (1) 
 Total non-interest income 

Trust fees Deposit account charges and other fees Consumer brokerage services 
 
 For these revenue categories, none of the transaction price has been allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of the end of a reporting period. A description of these revenue categories follows. 
 
 116 

Table of Conte nts 

 Expense for network charges ) ) ) Net debit card fees Credit card: Fee income Expense for network charges and rewards ) ) ) Net credit card fees Corporate card: Fee income Expense for network charges and rewards ) ) ) Net corporate card fees Merchant: Fee income Fees to cardholder banks ) ) ) Expense for network charges ) ) ) Net merchant fees Total bank card transaction fees 
 
 The majority of debit and credit card fees are reported in the Consumer segment, while corporate card and merchant fees are reported in the Commercial segment. 
 
 Debit and Credit Card Fees 
 The Company issues debit and credit cards to its retail and commercial banking customers who use the cards to purchase goods and services from merchants through an electronic payment system. As a card issuer, the Company earns fees, including interchange income, for processing the cardholder s purchase transaction with a merchant through a settlement network. Purchases are charged directly to a customer s checking account (in the case of a debit card), or are posted to a customer s credit card account. The fees earned are established by the settlement network and are dependent on the type of transaction processed but are typically based on a per unit charge. Interchange income, the largest component of debit and credit card fees, is settled daily through the networks. The services provided to the cardholders include issuing and maintaining cards, settling purchases with merchants, and maintaining memberships in various card networks to facilitate processing. These services are considered one performance obligation, as one of the services would not be performed without the others. The performance obligation is satisfied as services are rendered for each purchase transaction, and income is immediately recognized. 
 
 In order to participate in the settlement network process, the Company must pay various transaction-related costs, established by the networks, including membership fees and a per unit charge for each transaction. These expenses are recorded net of the card fees earned. 
 
 Consumer credit card products offer cardholders rewards that can be later redeemed for cash, goods or services to encourage card usage. Reward programs must meet network requirements based on the type of card issued. The expense associated with the rewards granted are recorded net of the credit card fees earned. 
 
 Commercial card products offer cash rewards to corporate cardholders to encourage card usage in facilitating corporate payments. The Company pays cash rewards based on contractually agreed upon amounts, normally as a percent of each sales transaction. The expense associated with the cash rewards program is recorded net of the corporate card fees earned. 
 
 117 

Table of Conte nts 

 Institutional 
 Other 
 Total trust fees 

The Company provides trust and asset management services to both private client and institutional trust customers including asset custody, investment advice, and reporting and administrative services. Other specialized services such as tax preparation, financial planning, representation and other related services are provided as needed. Trust fees are generally earned monthly and billed based on a rate multiplied by the fair value of the customer's trust assets. The majority of customer trust accounts are billed monthly. However, some accounts are billed quarterly, and a small number of accounts are billed semi-annually or annually, in accordance with agreements in place with the customer. The Company accrues trust fees monthly based on an estimate of fees due and either directly charges the customer s account the following month or invoices the customer for fees due according to the billing schedule. 
 
 The Company maintains written product pricing information which is used to bill each trust customer based on the services provided. Providing trust services is considered to be a single performance obligation that is satisfied on a monthly basis, involving the monthly custody of customer assets, statement rendering, periodic investment advice where applicable, and other specialized services as needed. As such, performance obligations are considered to be satisfied at the conclusion of each month while trust fee income is also recognized monthly. 
 
 Deposit Account Charges and Other Fees 
 Overdraft and return item fees Other service charges on deposit accounts Total deposit account charges and other fees 
 
 of this revenue is reported in the Commercial segment, while the remainder is reported in the Consumer segment. 
 
 The Company provides corporate cash management services to its business and non-profit customers to meet their various transaction processing needs. Such services include deposit and check processing, lockbox, remote deposit, reconciliation, online banking and other similar transaction processing services. The Company maintains unit prices for each type of service, and the customer is billed based on transaction volumes processed monthly. The customer is usually billed either monthly or 
 118 

Table of Conte nts 

 Managed account services Total consumer brokerage services 
 
 Consumer brokerage services revenue is comprised of commissions received upon the execution of purchases and sales of mutual fund shares and equity securities, in addition to sales of annuities and certain limited insurance products in an agency capacity. Also, fees are earned on professionally managed advisory programs through arrangements with sub-advisors. Payment from the customer is due upon settlement date for purchases and sales of securities, at the purchase date for annuities and insurance products, and upon inception of the service period for advisory programs. 
 
 Most of the contracts (except advisory contracts) encompass two types of performance obligations. The first is an obligation to provide account maintenance, record keeping and custodial services throughout the contract term. The second is the obligation to provide trade execution services for the customers' purchases and sales of products mentioned above. The first obligation is satisfied over time as the service period elapses, while the second type of obligation is satisfied upon the execution of each purchase/sale transaction. Contracts for advisory services contain a single performance obligation comprised of providing the management services and related reporting/administrative services over the contract term. 
 
 The transaction price of the contracts (except advisory contracts) is a commission charged at the time of trade execution. The commission varies across different security types, insurance products and mutual funds. It is generally determined by standardized price lists published by the Company and its mutual fund and insurance vendors. Because the transaction price relates specifically to the trade execution, it has been allocated to that performance obligation and is recorded at the time of execution. The fee for advisory services is charged to the customer in advance of the quarterly service period, based on the account balance at the beginning of the period. Revenue is recognized ratably over the service period. 
 
 Other Non-Interest Income from Contracts with Customers 
 Other non-interest income from contracts with customers consists mainly of various customer deposit related fees such as ATM fees and gains on sales of tax credits, foreclosed assets, and bank premises and equipment. Performance obligations for these services consist mainly of the execution of transactions for sales of various properties or providing specific deposit related transactions. Fees from these revenue sources are recognized when the performance obligation is completed, at which time cash is received by the Company. 
 
 119 

Table of Conte nts 

 17. 
 
 120 

Table of Conte nts 

 Available for sale debt securities: U.S. government and federal agency obligations Government-sponsored enterprise obligations State and municipal obligations Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities Trading debt securities Equity securities Private equity investments Derivatives Assets held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total assets Liabilities: 
 Derivatives Liabilities held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total liabilities December 31, 2021 Assets: Residential mortgage loans held for sale Available for sale debt securities: U.S. government and federal agency obligations Government-sponsored enterprise obligations State and municipal obligations Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities Trading debt securities Equity securities Private equity investments Derivatives Assets held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total assets Liabilities: 
 Derivatives Liabilities held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total liabilities 
 
 121 

Table of Conte nts 

 122 

Table of Conte nts 

 123 

Table of Conte nts 

124 

Table of Conte nts 

 Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized): 
 Included in earnings ) Included in other comprehensive income ) ) Discount accretion 
 Purchases of private equity securities 
 Sale / pay down of private equity securities 
 ) ) Capitalized interest/dividends 
 Purchase of risk participation agreement 
 Sale of risk participation agreement 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Total gains or losses for the year included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 
 Total gains or losses for the year included in other comprehensive income attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 
 Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized): Included in earnings ) Included in other comprehensive income ) ) Investment securities called ) ) Discount accretion Purchases of private equity securities Sale / pay down of private equity securities ) ) Capitalized interest/dividends Purchase of risk participation agreement Sale of risk participation agreement ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Total gains or losses for the year included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2021 
 Total gains or losses for the year included in other comprehensive income attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2021 
 
 Included in "net unrealized gains (losses) on securities" in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 125 

Table of Conte nts Change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Total gains or losses included in earnings ) ) Change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2021 
 ) 
 
 million at December 31, 2022, while private equity investments, included in other securities, totaled million. At December 31, 2022, there were no mortgage loan commitments outstanding. 
 
 For the the Company's significant Level 3 measurements at December 31, 2022, information about the significant unobservable inputs is presented in the table and discussions below. 
 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Weighted Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Average Auction rate securities Estimated market recovery period years years Estimated market rate - Private equity investments EBITDA multiple - 

The fair values of ARS are estimated using a discounted cash flows analysis in which estimated cash flows are based on mandatory interest rates paid under failing auctions and projected over an estimated market recovery period. Under normal conditions, ARS traded in weekly auctions and were considered liquid investments. The Company's estimate of when these auctions might resume is highly judgmental and subject to variation depending on current and projected market conditions. Few auctions of these securities have been successful in recent years, and most secondary transactions have been privately arranged. Estimated cash flows during the period over which the Company expects to hold the securities are discounted at an estimated market rate. These securities are comprised of bonds issued by various states and municipalities for healthcare and student lending purposes, and market rates are derived for each type. Market rates are calculated at each valuation date using a LIBOR or Treasury based rate plus spreads representing adjustments for liquidity premium and nonperformance risk. The spreads are developed internally by employees in the Company's bond department. An increase in the holding period alone would result in a higher fair value measurement, while an increase in the estimated market rate (the discount rate) alone would result in a lower fair value measurement. The valuation of the ARS portfolio is reviewed on a quarterly basis by the Company's chief investment officers. 
 
 The fair values of the Company's private equity investments are based on a determination of fair value of the investee company less preference payments assuming the sale of the investee company. Investee companies are normally non-public entities. The fair value of the investee company is determined by reference to the investee's total earnings before interest, depreciation/amortization, and income taxes (EBITDA) multiplied by an EBITDA factor. EBITDA is normally determined based on a trailing prior period adjusted for specific factors including current economic outlook, investee management, and specific unique circumstances such as sales order information, major customer status, regulatory changes, etc. The EBITDA multiple is based on management's review of published trading multiples for recent private equity transactions and other judgments and is derived for each individual investee. The fair value of the Company's investment is then calculated based on its ownership percentage in the investee company. On a quarterly basis, these fair value analyses are reviewed by a valuation committee consisting of investment managers and senior Company management. 
 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s derivative commitments to originate residential mortgage loans are the percentage of commitments that are actually funded and the mortgage servicing 
 126 

Table of Conte nts 

 ) Mortgage servicing rights 
 Long-lived assets 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Collateral dependent loans 
 ) Mortgage servicing rights 
 Long-lived assets 
 ) 
 
 Discount rate - Prepayment speeds (CPR) - Loan servicing costs - annually per loan Performing loans - Delinquent loans - Loans in foreclosure 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s mortgage servicing rights are updated periodically for changes in market conditions. Actual rates may differ from our estimates. Increases in prepayment speed and discount rates negatively impact the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights. 
 
 Valuation methods for instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Following is a description of the Company s valuation methodologies used for other financial and nonfinancial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 Collateral dependent loans 
 While the overall loan portfolio is not carried at fair value, the Company periodically records nonrecurring adjustments to the carrying value of loans based on fair value measurements for partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions of those loans. Nonrecurring adjustments also include certain impairment amounts for collateral dependent loans when establishing the allowance for credit losses on loans. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting 
 127 

Table of Conte nts 

128 

Table of Conte nts 

 18. 
 Real estate - construction and land 
 Real estate - business 
 Real estate - personal 
 Consumer 
 Revolving home equity Consumer credit card Overdrafts 
 Total loans Loans held for sale Investment securities Federal funds sold Securities purchased under agreements to resell Interest earning deposits with banks Cash and due from banks Derivative instruments Assets held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total Financial Liabilities Non-interest bearing deposits Savings, interest checking and money market deposits Certificates of deposit Federal funds purchased Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Derivative instruments Liabilities held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total 
 129 

Table of Conte nts 

 Real estate - construction and land 
 Real estate - business 
 Real estate - personal 
 Consumer 
 Revolving home equity Consumer credit card Overdrafts 
 Total loans Loans held for sale Investment securities Federal funds sold Securities purchased under agreements to resell Interest earning deposits with banks Cash and due from banks Derivative instruments Assets held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total Financial Liabilities Non-interest bearing deposits Savings, interest checking and money market deposits Certificates of deposit Federal funds purchased Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Derivative instruments Liabilities held in trust for deferred compensation plan Total 

130 

Table of Conte nts 

 19. 
 Interest rate floors Interest rate caps Credit risk participation agreements Foreign exchange contracts Mortgage loan commitments Mortgage loan forward sale contracts Forward TBA contracts Total notional amount 
 
 The largest group of notional amounts relate to interest rate swap contracts sold to commercial customers who wish to modify their interest rate sensitivity. Those customers are engaged in a variety of businesses, including real estate, manufacturing, retail product distribution, education, and retirement communities. These interest rate swap contracts with customers are offset by matching interest rate swap contracts purchased by the Company from other financial institutions (dealers). Contracts with dealers that require central clearing are novated to a clearing agency who becomes the Company's counterparty. Because of the matching terms of the offsetting contracts, in addition to collateral provisions which mitigate the impact of non-performance risk, changes in fair value subsequent to initial recognition have a minimal effect on earnings. 
 
 Many of the Company s interest rate swap contracts with large financial institutions contain contingent features relating to debt ratings or capitalization levels. Under these provisions, if the Company s debt rating falls below investment grade or if the Company ceases to be well-capitalized under risk-based capital guidelines, certain counterparties can require immediate and ongoing collateralization on interest rate swaps in net liability positions or instant settlement of the contracts. The Company maintains debt ratings and capital well above those minimum requirements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company holds two interest rate floors with a combined notional value of billion to hedge the risk of declining interest rates on certain floating rate commercial loans. The premium paid for these floors totaled million. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to lower rates is approximately years. These interest rate floors qualified and were designated as cash flow hedges and were assessed for effectiveness using regression analysis. The change in the fair value of these interest rate floors is recorded in AOCI, net of the amortization of the premiums paid, which are recorded against interest and fees on loans in the consolidated statements of income. As of December 31, 2022, net deferred gains on the interest rate floors totaled million (pre-tax) and were recorded in AOCI in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, it is expected that million (pre-tax) interest rate floor premium amortization will be reclassified from AOCI into earnings over the next 12 months. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company monetized three interest rate floors that were previously classified as cash flow hedges with a combined notional balance of billion and an asset fair value of million. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrealized gains on the monetized cash flow hedges remaining in AOCI was million (pre-tax). The unrealized gains will be reclassified into interest income as the underlying forecasted transactions impact earnings through the original maturity dates of the hedged forecasted transactions, or approximately within years. The estimated amount of net gains related to the cash flow hedges remaining in AOCI at December 31, 2022 that is expected to be reclassified into income within the next 12 months is million. 
 
 131 

Table of Conte nts 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest rate caps ) ) Credit risk participation agreements ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Mortgage loan commitments Mortgage loan forward sale contracts ) Forward TBA contracts ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) Total ) ) 
 million and thousand for interest rate swaps in an asset position, and and million for interest rate swaps in a liability position, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 132 

Table of Conte nts ) Interest and fees on loans ) Total ) ) Total ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships: Interest rate floors Interest and fees on loans ) Total Total ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships: Interest rate floors ) Interest and fees on loans ) Total ) Total ) 
 
 Interest rate caps Other non-interest income Credit risk participation agreements Other non-interest income ) Foreign exchange contracts Other non-interest income ) Mortgage loan commitments Loan fees and sales ) ) Mortgage loan forward sale contracts Loan fees and sales ) ) Forward TBA contracts Loan fees and sales ) Total 
 133 

Table of Conte nts 

 ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting agreements Total derivatives Liabilities: Derivatives subject to master netting agreements ) Derivatives not subject to master netting agreements Total derivatives December 31, 2021 Assets: Derivatives subject to master netting agreements ) Derivatives not subject to master netting agreements Total derivatives Liabilities: Derivatives subject to master netting agreements ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting agreements Total derivatives 

134 

Table of Conte nts 

 20. 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table shows the extent to which resale agreement assets and repurchase agreement liabilities with the same counterparty have been offset on the consolidated balance sheets, in addition to the extent to which they could potentially be offset. Also shown is collateral received or pledged, which consists of marketable securities. The collateral amounts in the table are limited to the outstanding balances of the related asset or liability (after offsetting is applied); thus amounts of excess collateral are not shown. 
 
 ) ) Total repurchase agreements, subject to master netting arrangements ) ) December 31, 2021 Total resale agreements, subject to master netting arrangements ) ) Total repurchase agreements, subject to master netting arrangements ) ) 
 135 

Table of Conte nts 

 Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities Total repurchase agreements, gross amount recognized December 31, 2021 Repurchase agreements, secured by: U.S. government and federal agency obligations Agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities Total repurchase agreements, gross amount recognized 

136 

Table of Conte nts 

 21. 

Other unfunded loan commitments Standby letters of credit, net of conveyance to other financial institutions Commercial letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to a borrower providing there are no violations of any conditions established in the contract. As many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Refer to Note 2 on Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for further discussion. 
 
 The Company, as a provider of financial services, routinely issues financial guarantees in the form of financial and performance standby letters of credit. Standby letters of credit are contingent commitments issued by the Company generally to guarantee the payment or performance obligation of a customer to a third party. While these represent a potential cash outflow by the Company, a significant amount of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon. To mitigate the potential loss exposure, the Company involves other financial institutions to participate in certain standby letters of credit. Even with such participation, the Company remains liable for the full amount of the standby letters of credit to the third party. The Company has recourse against the customer for any amount it is required to pay to a third party under a standby letter of credit. The standby letters of credit are subject to the same credit policies, underwriting standards and approval process as loans made by the Company. Most of the standby letters of credit are secured, and in the event of nonperformance by the customer, the Company has rights to the underlying collateral, which could include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory, receivables, cash and marketable securities. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded a liability of million, representing the carrying value of the guarantee obligations associated with the standby letters of credit. This amount will be accreted into income over the remaining life of the respective commitments. Excluding amounts conveyed to others, commitments outstanding under these letters of credit were million, which represents the maximum potential future payments guaranteed by the Company at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial letters of credit act as a means of ensuring payment to a seller upon shipment of goods to a buyer. The majority of commercial letters of credit issued are used to settle payments in international trade. Typically, letters of credit require presentation of documents which describe the commercial transaction, evidence shipment, and transfer title. 
 
 The Company regularly purchases various state tax credits arising from third-party property redevelopment. These tax credits are either resold to third parties for a profit or retained for use by the Company. During 2022, the Company purchased and sold state tax credits amounting to million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding purchase commitments totaling million that it expects to fund in 2023. The remaining purchase commitments amount to million and are expected to be funded from 2024 through 2029. 
 
 The Company periodically enters into credit risk participation agreements (RPAs) as a guarantor to other financial institutions, in order to mitigate those institutions credit risk associated with interest rate swaps with third parties. The RPA stipulates that, in the event of default by the third party on the interest rate swap, the Company will reimburse a portion of the loss borne by the financial institution. These interest rate swaps are normally collateralized (generally with real property, inventories and equipment) by the third party, which limits the credit risk associated with the Company s RPAs. The third parties usually have other borrowing relationships with the Company. The Company monitors overall borrower collateral, and at December 31, 2022, believes sufficient collateral is available to cover potential swap losses. The RPAs are carried at fair value throughout their term, with all changes in fair value, including those due to a change in the third party s creditworthiness, recorded in current earnings. The terms of the RPAs, which correspond to the terms of the underlying swaps, range from to years. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company's guarantee liability RPAs was thousand, and the notional 
 137 

Table of Conte nts 

 million. The maximum potential future payment guaranteed by the Company cannot be readily estimated and is dependent upon the fair value of the interest rate swaps at the time of default. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, the Company signed a million agreement with U.S. Capital Development to develop a 280,000 square foot commercial office building in a two building complex in Clayton, Missouri. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has made payments totaling million. While the Company intends to occupy a portion of the office building for executive offices, a year lease has been signed by an anchor tenant to lease approximately of the office building. 
 
 The Company has various legal proceedings pending at December 31, 2022, arising in the normal course of business. While some matters pending against the Company specify damages claimed by plaintiffs, others do not seek a specified amount of damages or are at very early stages of the legal process. The Company records a loss accrual for all legal and regulatory matters for which it deems a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. Some matters, which are in the early stages, have not yet progressed to the point where a loss amount can be determined to be probable and estimable. 

22. 
 of the outstanding stock of Tower. At December 31, 2022, Tower owned shares of Company stock. Tower is primarily engaged in the business of owning, developing, leasing and managing real property. 
 
 Payments from the Company and its affiliates to Tower are summarized below. These payments, with the exception of dividend payments, relate to property management services, including construction oversight, on three Company-owned office buildings and related parking garages in downtown Kansas City. 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Leasing agent fees Operation of parking garages Building management fees Property construction management fees Project consulting fees Dividends paid on Company stock held by Tower Total 

Tower has a million line of credit with the Bank which is subject to normal credit terms and has a variable interest rate. The line of credit is collateralized by Company stock and based on collateral value had a maximum borrowing amount of approximately million at December 31, 2022. There were borrowings under this line during 2022, and balance outstanding at December 31, 2022. There were borrowings during 2021 and 2020, and there was balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 or 2020. Letters of credit may be collateralized under this line of credit; however, there were letters of credit outstanding during 2022, 2021 or 2020, and thus, fees were received during these periods. From time to time, the Bank extends additional credit to Tower for construction and development projects. construction loans were outstanding during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Tower leases office space in the Kansas City bank headquarters building owned by the Company. Rent paid to the Company totaled thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021, and thousand in 2020, at , and per square foot, respectively. 

138 

Table of Conte nts 

 23. 
 Non-banks Cash Investment securities: Available for sale debt Equity Note receivable due from bank subsidiary Advances to subsidiaries, net of borrowings Deferred tax assets Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Pension obligation Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Earnings of consolidated subsidiaries, net of dividends 
 Interest and dividends on investment securities 
 Management fees charged to subsidiaries 
 Investment securities gains 
 ) Net interest income on advances and note to subsidiaries 
 Other 
 Total income 
 Expense 
 Salaries and employee benefits 
 Professional fees 
 Data processing fees paid to affiliates 
 Other 
 Total expense 
 Income tax benefit 
 ) ) ) Net income 
 
 139 

Table of Conte nts 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Earnings of consolidated subsidiaries, net of dividends ) ) ) Other adjustments, net Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Investing Activities 
 (Increase) decrease in investment in subsidiaries, net 
 ) Proceeds from maturities/pay downs of investment securities 
 Purchases of investment securities 
 ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in advances to subsidiaries, net 
 ) ) Net purchases of building improvements and equipment 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) Financing Activities 
 Preferred stock redemption 
 ) Purchases of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 ) Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash 
 ) ) Cash at beginning of year 
 Cash at end of year 
 Income tax receipts, net 
 ) ) ) 
 
 Dividends paid by the Parent to its shareholders were substantially provided from Bank dividends. The Bank may distribute common dividends without prior regulatory approval, provided that the dividends do not exceed the sum of net income for the current year and retained net income for the preceding two years, subject to maintenance of minimum capital requirements. The Parent charges fees to its subsidiaries for management services provided, which are allocated to the subsidiaries based primarily on total average assets. The Parent makes cash advances to its private equity subsidiary for general short-term cash flow purposes. Advances may be made to the Parent by its subsidiary bank for temporary investment of idle funds. Interest on such advances is based on market rates. 
 
 The Bank has million of borrowings from the Parent as part of its strategy to manage FDIC insurance premiums. The note has a rolling 13 month maturity, and the interest rate is a variable rate equal to the one year treasury rate. 
 
 For the past several years, the Parent has maintained a million line of credit for general corporate purposes with the Bank. The Parent has not borrowed under this line during the past three years. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the investment securities held by the Parent consisted of investments of million in corporate bonds, million in preferred and common stock with readily determinable fair values, and million in equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values. 
 
 140 

Table of Conte nts 

 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item 9a. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which follows. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, such controls during the last quarter of the period covered by this report. 
 
 141 

Table of Conte nts 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Commerce Bancshares, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Kansas City, Missouri 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 142 

Table of Conte nts 

 Item 9b. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 

Item 9c. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Items 401, 405, 406 and 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K regarding executive officers, directors, and corporate governance is included at the end of Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption Information about the Company's Executive Officers and under the captions Proposal One - Election of the 2026 Class of Directors , "Corporate Governance Guidelines", Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports , Audit and Risk Committee Report , Committees of the Board" and "Shareholder Proposals and Nominations" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company s senior financial officer code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers of the Company, including the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, is available at www.commercebank.com. Amendments to, and waivers of, the code of ethics are posted on this website. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K regarding executive compensation is included under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Executive Compensation , Director Compensation , Compensation and Human Resources Committee Report , and Compensation and Human Resources Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Items 201(d) and 403 of Regulation S-K is included under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
 INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K is covered under the captions Proposal One - Election of the 2026 Class of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , PCAOB Firm ID: 
 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A is included under the captions Pre-approval of Services by the External Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Fees Paid to KPMG LLP in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

143 

Table of Conte nts 

 PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: Page (1) Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 
 Summary of Quarterly Statements of Income 
 64 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules are omitted as such information is inapplicable or is included in the financial statements. (b) The exhibits filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated herein by reference to other documents are listed below. 
 3 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws: (1) Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, were filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated May 7, 2019, and the same are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (2) By-Laws, as amended, were filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 25, 2020, and the same are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (3) Termination of Certificate of Designation of 6.00 Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. was filed in current report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 0-2989) dated September 1, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures: (1) Pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(iii) of Item 601 Regulation S-K, Registrant will furnish to the Commission upon request copies of long-term debt instruments. (2) Description of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. registered securities was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 25, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10 Material Contracts (Except for the Development Services Agreement and associated Amendments to the Development Service Agreement listed below, each of the following is a management contract or compensatory plan arrangement): (1) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan amended and restated as of January 1, 2019, was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 21, 2019, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (2) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Stock Purchase Plan for Non-Employee Directors amended and restated as of April 17, 2013 was filed in current report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 0-2989) dated April 23, 2013, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (3) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Stock Purchase Plan for Non-Employee Directors amended and restated as of December 21, 2021 was filed in registration statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-262580) dated February 8, 2022, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (4) Commerce Executive Retirement Plan amended and restated as of January 28, 2011 was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 0-2989) dated February 25, 2011, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (5) 2009 Form of Severance Agreement between Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and the persons listed at the end of such agreement was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 24, 2015, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 144 

Table of Conte nts 

 (6) 2015 Form of Severance Agreement between Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and the persons listed at the end of such agreement was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 24, 2015, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (7) 2009 Form of Severance Agreement between Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and the persons listed at the end of such agreement was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 21, 2019, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (8) Trust Agreement for the Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan amended and restated as of January 1, 2001 was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 0-2989) dated May 8, 2001, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (9) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 202 3 Compensatory Arrangements with CEO and Named Executive Officers were filed in amended current report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 7, 202 3 , and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (10) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of April 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to Commerce Bancshares, Inc.'s Form 8-K dated April 23, 2013) . 
 (10)(1) Amendment No. 1 dated November 12, 2018 to Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of April 17, 2013, was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 21, 2019. 
 (11) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement and Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement , pursuant to the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, were filed in current report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 0-2989) dated February 23, 2006, and the same are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (12) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement , Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreements for Executive Officers , and Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreements for Employees other than Executive Officers , pursuant to the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, were filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 0-2989) dated May 6, 2013, and the same are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (13) Form of Notice of Grant of Award and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock for Executive Officers, pursuant to the Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 0-2989) dated May 7, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (14) Form of Notice of Grant of Award and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock for Employees other than Executive Officers, pursuant to the Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 0-2989) dated May 7, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (15) Form of Notice of Grant of Award and Award Agreement for Stock Appreciation Rights, pursuant to the Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 0-2989) dated May 7, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (16) Form of Notice of Grant of Award and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock, pursuant to the Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, was filed in annual report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-36502) dated February 21, 2019, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (17) Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (18) Amendment 1 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference . 
 (19) Amendment 2 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (20) Amendment 3 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (21) Amendment 4 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (22) Amendment 5 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (23) Amendment 6 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 145 

Table of Conte nts 

 (24) Amendment 7 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (25) Amendment 8 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (26) Amendment 9 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (27) Amendment 10 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (28) Amendment 11 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated November 5, 2020, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 (29) Amendment 12 to Development Services Agreement was filed in quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-36502) dated August 5, 2022, and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 30 Amendment 1 3 to Development Services Agreement . 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24 Power of Attorney 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) In accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and exhibits to this exhibit have been omitted from this filing. The Company will furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. In accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted because they are both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. The Company will provide an unredacted copy of the exhibit on a supplementary basis to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 146 

Table of Conte nts 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized this 22nd day of February 2023. 
 C OMMERCE B ANCSHARES , I NC . 
 By: /s/ M ARGARET M . R OWE 
 Margaret M. Rowe Vice President Secretary 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 22nd day of February 2023. 
 
 By: /s/ J OHN W. K EMPER 
 John W. Kemper Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ C HARLES G. K IM 
 Charles G. Kim Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ P AUL A. S TEINER 
 Paul A. Steiner Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) 
 
 Terry D. Bassham 
 Blackford F. Brauer 
 W. Kyle Chapman 
 Karen L. Daniel 
 Earl H. Devanny, III 
 June McAllister Fowler 
 David W. Kemper 
 John W. Kemper 
 All the Directors on the Board of Directors Jonathan M. Kemper 
 Benjamin F. Rassieur, III 
 Todd R. Schnuck 
 Christine B. Taylor 
 Kimberly G. Walker 
 
 ____________ 
 The Directors of Registrant listed executed a power of attorney authorizing Margaret M. Rowe, their attorney-in-fact, to sign this report on their behalf. 
 By: /s/ M ARGARET M . R OWE 
 Margaret M. Rowe Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 147 

<EX-10.30>
 2
 dsaamendment13.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 

THE IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THE AGREEMENT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 
 
 THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO 
 DEVELOPMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT SERVICES 
 AGREEMENT (the Amendment is made and entered into effective as February 10, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between COMMERCE BANK, a Missouri state bank and trust company Owner ), 8027 FORSYTH ACQUISITIONS, L.L.C., a Missouri limited liability company 8027 Forsyth ), BRENTWOOD-FORSYTH PARTNERS 1, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company Brentwood ), and U.S. CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company USCD, collectively, with 8027 Forsyth and Brentwood, hereinafter referred to as Developer ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Owner, 8027 Forsyth, and USCD are parties to that certain Development Services Agreement dated as of October 18, 2019, as amended (the Development Agreement ), whereby Owner engaged Developer to perform certain development services in connection with the development of the Project (as defined in the Development Agreement) 
 
 WHEREAS, Brentwood owns certain real property contained in the Project, will benefit from the Project and the Development Agreement, and has agreed to join the Development Agreement as a Developer party and 
 
 WHEREAS, Developer and Owner desire to amend the Development Agreement as more fully set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Terms . All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Development Agreement. 
 
 2. Amendment of Commerce Project Budget . Exhibit D-2 to the Development Agreement, Commerce Project Budget, including all amendments to Exhibit D-2 to the date of this Amendment, is deleted and replaced with Exhibit D-2 attached hereto. The amounts shown on said Exhibit D-2 as budgeted Developer Fees in the amount of , and Construction Management Fees of , have been earned to date by Developer. Such amounts represent a reduction, however, in Developer Fees and Construction Management Fees otherwise owing under the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Development Agreement, in the total amount of (the Reallocated Amount ). The Reallocated Amount is agreed by the parties to be approved and included within the Budgeted Project Costs for the Commerce Tower Project Budget shown on Exhibit D-2 attached hereto. 
 
 Nothing herein is intended to mean that the Development Fee and Construction Management Fee shall not be applied to and owing as a result of qualifying Project Costs set forth in Section 4.1 of the Development Agreement arising out of contract change orders entered into by Owner and Developer, excluding Contract Change Order #1 between Owner and Developer dated as of July 16, 2021 Change Order l ). 
 
 Nothing in this Amendment is intended to affect in any way the Change Order Log agreed to and amended from time to time by any of the parties hereto. 
 
 3. Construction in the Event of Conflict . In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of the remainder of the Development Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall control. 
 
 4. Full Force and Effect . Except as amended hereby, all other terms and conditions of the Development Agreement, as amended, shall remain unchanged, and shall be in full force and effect. The recitals hereto are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. Counterparts . Owner and Developer each hereby acknowledge that this Amendment may be executed in counterparts and exchanged by facsimile transmission, and that the facsimile copies of each patty's respective signature shall be binding as if the same were an original signature. 
 
 6. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the parties hereto, their respective heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment effective as of the day and year above written. 

OWNER 
 
 COMMERCE BANK 
 
 By s Charles G. Kim 
 Charles G. Kim 
 Title CFO 

DEVELOPER 
 
 BRENTWOOD-FORSYTH PARTNERS I, LLC 
 
 By s James G. Koman 
 James G. Koman, Manager 

8027 FORSYTH ACQUISITIONS, LLC 
 
 By s James G. Koman 
 James G. Koman, Manager 

U.S. CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 
 By s Scott Sachtleben 
 Scott Sachtleben, Manager 

Exhibit D-2 
 
 Commerce Project Budget 
 
 Intentionally Omitted 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21>
 3
 cbsh12312022ex21q4.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 The consolidated subsidiaries of the Registrant at February 1, 2023 were as follows 
 Name State or Other 
 Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation 
 CBI-Kansas, Inc. Kansas Commerce Bank 
 Missouri Commerce Brokerage Services, Inc. 
 Missouri Clayton Holdings, LLC 
 Missouri Clayton Financial Corp. 
 Missouri Clayton Realty Corp. 
 Missouri Illinois Financial, LLC 
 Delaware Illinois Realty, LLC 
 Delaware Commerce Insurance Services, Inc. 
 Missouri Commerce Investment Advisors, Inc. 
 Missouri CBI Equipment Finance, Inc. 
 Missouri CB Acquisition, LLC Delaware Tower Redevelopment Corporation 
 Missouri CBI Insurance Company Arizona CFB Partners, LLC Delaware CFB Venture Fund I, Inc. Missouri CFB Venture Fund, L.P. 
 Delaware Capital for Business, Inc. Missouri 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 cbsh12312022ex23q4.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements No. 33-28294, No. 33-82692, No. 33-8075, No. 33-78344, No. 333-14651, No. 333-186867, No. 333-188374, No. 333-214495, and No. 333-262580 on Form S-8 and No. 333-140221 on Form S-3ASR of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 KPMG LLP 
 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 5
 cbsh12312022ex24q4.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned do hereby appoint Margaret M. Rowe and Paul A. Steiner, or either of them, attorney for the undersigned to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Commerce Bancshares, Inc., for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, together with any and all amendments which might be required from time to time with respect thereto, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, with respect to Commerce Bancshares, Inc., with full power and authority in either of said attorneys to do and perform in the name of and on behalf of the undersigned every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed these presents as of this 3rd day of February, 2023. 

s TERRY D. BASSHAM s BLACKFORD F. BRAUER s W. KYLE CHAPMAN s KAREN L. DANIEL s EARL H. DEVANNY, III s JUNE MCALLISTER FOWLER s DAVID W. KEMPER s JONATHAN M. KEMPER s JONATHAN M. KEMPER s BENJAMIN F. RASSIEUR, III s TODD R. SCHNUCK s CHRISTINE B. TAYLOR s KIMBERLY G. WALKER 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 cbsh12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, John W. Kemper, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s J OHN W. K EMPER 
 John W. Kemper 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 cbsh12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Charles G. Kim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s C HARLES G. K IM 
 Charles G. Kim 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 cbsh12312022ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, John W. Kemper and Charles G. Kim, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s J OHN W. K EMPER 
 John W. Kemper 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 s C HARLES G. K IM 
 Charles G. Kim 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cbsh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cbsh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cbsh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cbsh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cbsh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

