<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1660280_0001660280-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11081600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>467574</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1718315</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3891092</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2539116</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2270893</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001660280-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224171803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001660280-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tenable Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001660280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				475580846
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38600
		FILM NUMBER:		23668697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6100 MERRIWEATHER DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21044
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-872-0555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6100 MERRIWEATHER DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21044

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001660280-23-000032.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 tenb-20221231.htm
 10-K

tenb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________ 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission file number 
 ______________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was approximately billion. 
 The number of shares of the Registrant's common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 43 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 98 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 99 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 99 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 99 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 100 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 102 
 Signatures 

3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections entitled "Business," "Risk Factors," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, predict, project, potential, should, will, or would, or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 the anticipated impact of the global economic uncertainty and financial market conditions on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including on our sales and our revenue growth rate; 
 our market opportunity; 
 the effects of increased competition as well as innovations by new and existing competitors in our market; 
 our ability to adapt to technological change, release new products and product features and effectively enhance, innovate and scale our enterprise platform and solutions; 
 our ability to effectively manage or sustain our growth and to achieve profitability; 
 our ability to maintain and expand our customer base, including by attracting new customers; 
 our relationships with third parties, including channel partners; 
 completed and potential acquisitions and integration of complementary businesses and technologies; 
 our ability to maintain, or strengthen awareness of, our brand; 
 perceived or actual problems with the security, integrity, reliability, compatibility and quality of our platform and solutions; 
 future revenue, hiring plans, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements and stock performance; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel and further expand our overall headcount; 
 our ability to stay abreast of new or modified laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business both in the United States and internationally; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 
 costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; and 
 the future trading prices of our common stock and the impact of securities analysts reports on these prices. 
 These statements represent the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of exposure management solutions. Exposure management is an effective discipline for managing, measuring and comparing cybersecurity risk in today's complex IT environments. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Organizations around the globe are accelerating their adoption of public and private cloud infrastructure, introducing internet-facing applications and embracing new identity management systems. The rapid adoption of these and other digital technologies is expanding the modern attack surface. 
 For most organizations, the modern attack surface includes: 
 Identity and access management systems used to control user privileges, which are vulnerable to misconfigurations that can open up attack pathways within an organization; 
 An assortment of operational technology, or OT such as industrial control systems, or ICS, and supervisory control and data acquisition, or SCADA, systems which is increasingly internet-facing and is often linked to existing IT systems; 
 Personal devices, including mobile phones and tablets, internet of things, or IoT, devices and other types of shadow IT used by employees, often without the knowledge of the IT and security teams; and 
 Virtual machines, microservices, open-source code repositories, containers and other tools used by DevOps teams. 
 The complexity of the modern attack surface is a key driver behind the growing need for exposure management programs. Security teams are overwhelmed with the constant influx of data from the array of point solutions they are using to manage interconnected vulnerabilities, web applications, identity systems and cloud assets. They are also challenged with effectively analyzing all that data to make informed, proactive decisions about which exposures represent the greatest risk to the organization. 
 The combination of all these factors presents cybersecurity teams with obstacles that reach beyond the scope of existing point tools. We see three distinct real-world challenges facing cybersecurity professionals that can be addressed with an exposure management program: 
 Security programs today are reactive when they should be proactive; 
 The attack surface isn t siloed, but security programs often are; and 
 There s more data available than ever before, yet it s difficult for security professionals to prioritize and apply the information in meaningful ways. 
 An exposure management program, underpinned by a technology platform such as our Tenable One Exposure Management Platform, or Tenable One, can help address these real-world problems. Successfully implemented, an exposure management platform allows organizations to: 
 Gain comprehensive visibility across the modern attack surface; 
 Anticipate threats and prioritize efforts to prevent attacks; and 
 Communicate cyber risk to make better decisions. 
 In order to be effective, we believe an exposure management platform must extend beyond traditional vulnerability management, which concentrates on the discovery and remediation of publicly disclosed Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures, or CVEs. To be a functional part of an exposure management program, the platform needs to include information about configuration issues, vulnerabilities and attack paths across a spectrum of assets and technologies including identity solutions, such as Active Directory; cloud configurations and deployments; and web applications. 
 With these considerations in mind, we launched Tenable One in October 2022. Tenable One unifies a variety of data sources into a single exposure view to help organizations gain visibility, prioritize efforts and communicate cyber risks. Building on our existing products, Tenable One is designed to take advantage of the integrations that already exist with our partners and form the foundation of an exposure management program, alongside the other tools, such as endpoint detection and response, or EDR, and firewalls, and required business processes. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020 our total revenue was 683.2 million, 541.1 million and 440.2 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth rates of 26 from 2021 to 2022 and 23 from 2020 to 2021. Our net loss was 92.2 million, 46.7 million and 42.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our cash flows from operating activities were 131.2 million, 96.8 million and 64.2 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our Solutions 
 With Tenable One, organizations can translate technical data about assets, vulnerabilities and threats into clear business insights and actionable intelligence for security executives and practitioners. The platform combines the broad, industry leading, vulnerability coverage, spanning IT assets, cloud resources, containers, web apps and identity systems. Tenable One builds on the speed and breadth of vulnerability coverage from our research team of cybersecurity and data science experts, or Tenable Research, and adds aggregated exposure view analytics, guidance on mitigating attack pathways and a centralized asset inventory. 
 Tenable One incorporates these Tenable products: 
 Tenable.io : our cloud-delivered software-as-a-service, or SaaS, Vulnerability Management offering that provides organizations with a risk-based view of traditional and modern attack surfaces. Tenable.io is designed with views, workflows and dashboards to deliver a complete and continuous view of all assets, both known and previously unknown, and any associated vulnerabilities, internal and regulatory compliance violations, misconfigurations and other cybersecurity issues, prioritize these issues for remediation based on risk assessment and predictive analytics, and provide insightful remediation guidance. 
 Tenable.io Web Application Scanning : our easy-to-use, comprehensive and automated Vulnerability Scanning for modern web applications, which allows organizations to quickly configure and manage web app scans, enabling them to identify vulnerabilities and prioritize remediation. 
 Tenable Lumin Exposure View : our measurement tool, which leverages our expansive knowledge base of assets and vulnerabilities coupled with data science insights, to help our customers objectively score, trend and benchmark cyber risk across their organizations, including by business unit or geography, for comparison and best practices. We believe this capability is critical to help security executives effectively translate technical information and communicate cybersecurity risk to a non-technical audience, including the C-suite and the board of directors, to enable them to make better strategic decisions on where to focus investment to maximize cybersecurity risk reduction. 
 Tenable.cs : our cloud-native Cloud Security solution enables security teams to continuously assess the security posture of their cloud environments by maintaining a current inventory of cloud assets for proactive analysis whenever a new vulnerability is published. Tenable.cs provides cloud security teams the tools they need to apply, monitor and report on security and compliance policies across multi-cloud environments. 
 Tenable.ad : our solution to secure Active Directory environments by enabling users to find and fix existing weaknesses before they are exploited and detect and respond to ongoing attacks in real time without the need to deploy agents or use privileged accounts. 
 Tenable.asm : our External Attack Surface Management solution continuously maps the internet, enabling security teams to discover connections to internet-facing assets so they can assess the cybersecurity posture of their entire external attack surface. 
 All of the above products, now available in Tenable One, continue to be offered as standalone solutions, alongside the following: 
 Tenable.sc : our on-premises Vulnerability Management offering that provides a risk-based view of an organization s IT, security and compliance posture so organizations can quickly identify, investigate and prioritize their assets and vulnerabilities based on risk assessment and predictive analytics, and provide insightful remediation guidance. 
 Tenable.ot : our Operational Technology Security solution that provides threat detection, asset tracking, vulnerability management, and configuration control capabilities to protect OT environments, including industrial networks. Tenable.ot is sold as a stand-alone solution and integrates with Tenable.io and Tenable.sc. 
 In addition, our Nessus product line is one of the most widely deployed vulnerability assessment solutions in the cybersecurity industry and underpins our enterprise platform. Since the introduction of Nessus in 1998, an extensive community of Nessus users has emerged. We continue to cultivate knowledge and affinity within this user base, which, when combined with our enterprise customers and Tenable Research, creates powerful network effects in the form of a 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 continuous feedback loop of data and insights. We use these learnings to expand our assessment capabilities and coverage, continually optimize our solutions and inform our product strategy and innovation priorities. We believe these data and insights will also fuel and strengthen our benchmarking capabilities over time. 
 In July 2022, we introduced Nessus Expert , which adds Infrastructure as Code, or IaC, scanning along with external attack surface discovery capabilities to identify all domains and subdomains that make up an organization s external-facing attack surface. Nessus Expert enables users to programmatically detect cloud infrastructure misconfigurations and vulnerabilities in the design and build phases of the software development lifecycle and continuously discover and inventory an organization's internet-facing assets from an attacker's perspective. 
 Our Technology Ecosystem 
 We have partnered and/or integrated with market leading technology companies to pioneer the industry s first exposure management ecosystem to help organizations build resilient cybersecurity programs. Our ecosystem consists of a variety of third-party data import sources integrated into our platform offerings, as well as export of our data out to third-party IT systems. Our technology ecosystem connects disparate solutions and data to automate processes and accelerate an organization s ability to understand, manage and reduce its cyber risk. 
 We integrate a variety of third-party data sources, including ticketing, configuration management databases, or CMDBs, and systems management, into our platform to augment our native data collection and help with analysis and remediation prioritization. Furthermore, our data is exported out to enrich third-party IT management and security systems. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 Our objectives are to maintain our market leadership in exposure management and to capture our large market opportunity. To accomplish these objectives, we intend to: 
 Continue to acquire new enterprise platform customers. We believe there is a substantial opportunity to increase adoption of our enterprise platform offerings. We have experienced growth in new enterprise platform customers due to improved product capabilities and investments in sales and marketing. We intend to continue to aggressively pursue new domestic and international customers by adding sales capacity and leveraging our network of channel partnerships around the world. 
 Expand asset coverage within our customer base . We believe we have a significant opportunity to expand our relationships with our existing customers by targeting additional teams, business units or geographies, pursuing broad enterprise deployments and generally expanding our coverage of their network-connected assets and cross-selling new applications and solutions. 
 Invest in our technology platform . We intend to continue to innovate, develop and broaden our exposure and traditional vulnerability management solutions, including expanding the coverage of emerging attack surfaces and asset types and the addition of analytical capabilities, to help our customers measure and manage their cyber exposure. As we collect more data and ingest more data from third-party sources, we believe our data set will become even more valuable over time, which will allow us to continue to develop new analytical products and capabilities to our existing product suite over time. 
 Explore acquisition opportunities . We intend to acquire other businesses, technology and/or development personnel that will expand and enhance the functionality of our platform offerings. 
 Customers 
 We sell and market our enterprise platform offerings through our sales force that works closely with our channel partners, which includes a network of distributors and resellers, in developing sales opportunities. We use a two-tiered channel model whereby we sell our enterprise platform offerings to our distributors, which in turn sell to our resellers, which then sell to end users, which we call customers. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our customers are located in over 170 countries and include enterprises of all sizes and span a wide range of industries, including manufacturing, energy and industrials; technology, media and telecommunications; banking, insurance and finance; government, education and non-profit; healthcare; and retail and consumer. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 43,000 customers. At December 31, 2022 our customers included approximately 60 of the Fortune 500 and approximately 40 of the Global 2000 and large government agencies. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, no single customer represented more than 2 of our revenue. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales strategy employs both a direct-touch approach through our sales forces and a low-touch approach through sales closed by our channel partners and transacted on our e-commerce website. Both direct-touch and channel-originated sales are fulfilled through our channel partnerships. Our sales and customer success renewal teams collaborate closely with our channel partners to prospect, manage and support our customers, developing and maintaining close relationships with all of our enterprise platform customers. 
 We sell to organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries, with a specific focus on enterprise accounts. Our sales team is divided by customer size and geography, including the Americas; Europe, the Middle East and Africa, or EMEA; and Asia Pacific and Japan. 
 Our partner ecosystem provides us with a number of advantages, including increased in-bound registered sales leads, broader geographic reach and greater deal velocity. Our channel partners include distributors, value-added resellers, system integrators and managed security service providers. 
 Our marketing efforts focus on cultivating brand awareness and leveraging our brand strength with Nessus, building demand across all segments with a specific emphasis on our enterprise customers and delivering tailored marketing programs focused on security executives, functional managers, security practitioners, managed service providers and consultants. Our marketing efforts are also designed around building community and establishing the Tenable brand as a trusted resource of credible educational information. We provide a variety of educational resources for cybersecurity practitioners and leaders, as well as DevOps teams, OT practitioners and identity and access management practitioners, including a community forum where customers can ask questions of our experts and their peers. We execute marketing programs targeted at new customer acquisition, customer retention and cross-selling and up-selling of products across our platform. 
 Research and Development 
 We continue to invest substantial resources in research and development to enhance our platform offerings by developing new features, functionality, and applications. Our engineering expertise combines extensive security product development experience with individuals who possess deep cloud and user interface design backgrounds. 
 Additionally, our Tenable Research team is staffed by cybersecurity and data science experts who deliver exposure management intelligence, data science insights, alerts and security advisories. Frequent updates from Tenable Research ensure the latest vulnerability checks, zero-day research, and configuration benchmarks are available within our exposure management solutions. 
 We believe ongoing and timely development of new products and features is imperative to maintaining our competitive position. We continue to invest in development of our solutions across our global research and development team. 
 Backlog 
 We define backlog as contractually committed orders to be invoiced under our existing agreements that are not included in deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets. We expect the amount of backlog to change from period to period due to the timing of billings for our solutions and professional services. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had backlog of 14.7 million and 27.7 million, respectively. We expect substantially all of the backlog at December 31, 2022 to be invoiced within the following 12 months. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 The market for cybersecurity solutions is fragmented, intensely competitive and constantly evolving. We compete with a range of established and emerging cybersecurity software and services vendors, as well as homegrown solutions. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect the competitive environment to remain intense going forward. Our competitors include: vulnerability management and assessment vendors, including Qualys and Rapid7; diversified security software and services vendors; endpoint security vendors with vulnerability assessment capabilities, including CrowdStrike; public cloud vendors and companies, such as Palo Alto Networks, that offer solutions for cloud security (private, public and hybrid cloud); and providers of point solutions that compete with some of the features present in our solutions. Many organizations also choose to build their own solutions in-house, often using open-source code rather than purchasing external solutions, and we compete against these internally-developed efforts as well. 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors affecting the market for cybersecurity solutions include product functionality, breadth and depth of offerings, flexibility of delivery models, ease of deployment and use, integration capabilities such as open APIs and scalability, uptime and performance. We believe that our suite of solutions generally competes favorably with respect to these factors and may serve as a complement to the solutions offered by our competitors in some cases. Some of our more established actual and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and significantly greater resources than we do. In addition, as our market grows and rapidly changes, we expect it will continue to attract new competitors, including companies that are larger and more established than us and smaller emerging companies, which could introduce new products and services. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, copyrights, patents and trademarks, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technology. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 26 issued patents and 25 patent applications pending in the United States. Our issued patents expire between 2027 and 2040 and cover our network scanning, monitoring and analysis technologies and additional features of our platform offerings. At December 31, 2022, we had 18 registered trademarks and 2 trademark applications pending in the United States. We view our copyrights, trade secrets and know-how as a significant component of our intellectual property assets. 
 We also license certain software from third parties for integration into our solutions, including open source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. We cannot assure you that such third parties will maintain such software or continue to make it available. 
 We control access to and use of our proprietary software and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners, and our software is protected by U.S. and international copyright and trade secret laws. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets and proprietary rights through intellectual property rights, licenses and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements, unauthorized parties may still attempt to copy, reverse engineer, misappropriate or otherwise obtain and use our software and technology. In addition, we intend to continue to expand our international operations, and effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available or may be limited in foreign countries. 
 Government Regulation 
 Various federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies have legislation pending that could affect our business. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we process personal information. Accordingly, we are, or may become, subject to numerous data privacy and security obligations, including federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards related to data privacy and security. Such obligations may include, without limitation, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or the CCPA, the Colorado Privacy Act, Virginia s 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer Data Protection Act, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, or EU GDPR, the EU GDPR as it forms part of the United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act of 2018, or UK GDPR, and the ePrivacy Directive. 
 Like other U.S.-based IT security products, our products are subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations, specifically the Export Administration Regulations, or EAR, U.S. economic and trade sanctions regulations and applicable foreign government import, export and use requirements. These laws prohibit or restrict the export of our products and services to certain countries, regions, governments, entities or persons subject to trade restrictions. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A. 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 1,900 employees, including 796 employees located outside of the United States. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Certain international employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements in connection with local labor laws. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 We believe in upholding a core set of values for our entire global workforce: 
 One Tenable : We are united as one Tenable team. We win together. We are one team internally, with our customers, with our partners and in the market. 
 We Care : About our work, about our customers, about one another and about our communities. We speak straight and we do the right thing. 
 Deliver Results : We set high goals, take bold risks, measure honestly and deliver results that exceed expectations. 
 What We Do Matters : The work that we do makes a difference in the world. 
 Our key human capital objectives are to attract, retain and develop our highly talented existing and future employees, while cultivating a diverse and inclusive workforce and environment to achieve exceptional business results. We strive to be a career destination where employees from all backgrounds are welcome and empowered, are treated with fairness and respect, can make a difference, and have the opportunity to grow. 
 Compensation, Benefits and Talent Development 
 We provide robust compensation and benefits packages to attract and retain our talent. We aim to incentivize our employees by aligning a portion of their compensation with the overall success of our business. In addition to base salary, our benefits packages include annual bonuses, equity awards, an employee stock purchase plan, retirement plans, along with health and wellness benefits. Equity awards of restricted stock units that vest over time are granted to new hires and to most employees on an annual basis. Eligible employees can participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, in which employees may contribute a percentage of their compensation to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount. Our health and welfare benefits include health and life insurance, paid time off, family leave, and employee assistance programs. We are committed to a hybrid workplace strategy where employees have the flexibility to define the environment where they can do their best work. 
 We promote and support employee development and organizational effectiveness by providing high-quality learning and development programs as well as tuition assistance programs. These programs are designed to meet individual, team and organizational needs and objectives. We strive to enhance learning and development programs to create a better workplace environment and to build a better Tenable. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We seek to cultivate a diverse and inclusive workforce and environment to achieve exceptional business results. When we value and celebrate differences, we drive more innovation and grow closer to our customers, partners, and 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 communities. We strive to be a career destination where employees from all backgrounds are welcome and empowered, treated with fairness and respect, presented with opportunities to make a difference, and provided opportunities to grow. 
 We undertake numerous efforts to increase diversity in our employee population and to foster a culture of fairness and belonging through a number of measures in our recruiting, engagement, retention, and outreach practices. Our dedicated Diversity and Inclusion Council and Employee Resource Groups along with our committed leaders and managers strive to attract and hire employees who bring broad diversity of background, thought and style into the company and foster a sense of inclusion to make them want to stay. To support these initiatives, we build partnerships within our communities to support organizations and events that strive for greater representation of women and underrepresented minorities in cybersecurity, hold inclusion and bias mitigation training and offer targeted development opportunities to assist with career advancement. In addition to our global talent acquisition team receiving a diversity sourcing and recruiting certification, we have hired a team to help spearhead these initiatives. 
 Environmental Stewardship 
 Our Board and management team recognize that we have a role to play in environmental stewardship. We believe that environmentally responsible operating practices are important to generating value for our stockholders, being a good partner with our customers and being a good employer to our employees. 
 Energy consumption and usage within data centers is an important component of our day-to-day operations of our business. We outsource our data center needs to Amazon Web Services, or AWS. In 2014, AWS shared its long-term commitment to achieve 100 percent renewable energy usage for the global AWS infrastructure footprint. Additionally, our corporate headquarters is a LEED Certified Gold for Core Construction. 
 Financial Information and Segments 
 Segment and geographic information required by Part I, Item 1 of Form 10-K can be found in Note 1 and Note 13 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements, of this Form 10-K. 
 Corporate Information 
 Tenable Network Security, Inc., our predecessor, was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 2002. Tenable Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in October 2015. In November 2015, Tenable Network Security, Inc. was merged into a wholly owned subsidiary and in 2017 was renamed as Tenable, Inc. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 6100 Merriweather Drive, Columbia, Maryland 21044. Our telephone number is (410) 872-0555. Our website address is www.tenable.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference, and you should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Tenable, Nessus, the Tenable logo and other trademarks or service marks of Tenable Holdings, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Tenable Holdings, Inc. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of others, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the or TM symbols. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statement, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available for download free of charge from our investor relations website https://investors.tenable.com after we file them with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC s website https://www.sec.gov contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The contents of any website referred to in this Form 10-K are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to significant risks and uncertainties including those described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Selected Risks Affecting Our Business 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making a decision to invest in our common stock. These risks are more fully described in this Risk Factors section, including the following: 
 We have a history of losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and offer solutions that address the dynamic cybersecurity landscape, we may not remain competitive. 
 We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers growing needs. 
 Our brand, reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers are dependent in part upon the reliability and accuracy of our data, solutions, infrastructure and those of third parties upon which we rely. If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, or if our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities or incorrectly detect vulnerabilities, or if they contain undetected errors or defects, we could experience adverse consequences, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse consequences. 
 Our future quarterly results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly due to a wide range of factors, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our business and results of operations depend substantially on our customers renewing their subscriptions with us and expanding the number of IT assets or IP addresses under their subscriptions. Any decline in our customer renewals, terminations or failure to convince our customers to expand their use of subscription offerings would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We rely on third parties to maintain and operate certain elements of our network infrastructure. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies, and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our failure or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 
 We rely on our third-party channel partner network of distributors and resellers to generate a substantial amount of our revenue. 
 We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, including senior management and our engineering, professional services, sales and technology professionals, and our ability to increase our customer base will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have a history of losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have historically incurred net losses, including net losses of 92.2 million, 46.7 million and 42.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 746.8 million. Because the market for our offerings is highly competitive and rapidly evolving and these solutions have not yet reached widespread adoption, it is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations. 
 While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods, we are not certain whether or when we will obtain a high enough volume of sales of our offerings to sustain or increase our growth or achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results if our revenue does not increase at a greater rate. In particular, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 
 public cloud infrastructure and computing costs; 
 research and development related to our offerings, including investments in our research and development team; 
 sales and marketing, including a significant expansion of our sales organization, both domestically and internationally; 
 continued international expansion of our business; and 
 general and administrative expense, including legal and accounting expenses related to being a public company. 
 These investments may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our financial performance may be harmed, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and offer solutions that address the dynamic cybersecurity landscape, we may not remain competitive. 
 The market for cybersecurity solutions is fragmented, intensely competitive and constantly evolving. We compete with a range of established and emerging cybersecurity software and services vendors, as well as homegrown solutions. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect the competitive environment to remain intense going forward. Our competitors include: vulnerability management and assessment vendors, including Qualys and Rapid7; diversified security software and services vendors; endpoint security vendors with nascent vulnerability assessment capabilities, including CrowdStrike; public cloud vendors and companies, such as Palo Alto Networks, that offer solutions for cloud security (private, public and hybrid cloud); and providers of point solutions that compete with some of the features present in our solutions. We also compete against internally-developed efforts that often use open source solutions. 
 Some of our actual and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business user recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, government certifications and broader global distribution and presence. In addition, our industry is evolving rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive. Companies that are larger and more established than us are focusing on cybersecurity and could directly compete with us. For example, Microsoft has a vulnerability management offering and has continued to acquire security solutions for their cybersecurity platform. Smaller companies could also launch new products and services that we do not offer and that could gain market acceptance quickly. 
 In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader product offerings and can bundle competing products and services with other software offerings which customers may choose even if individual products have more limited functionality than our solutions. These competitors may also offer their products at a lower price, which could increase pricing pressure on our offerings and cause the average sales price for our offerings to decline. These larger competitors are also often better positioned to withstand any significant reduction in capital spending, and will therefore 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 not be as susceptible to economic downturns. One component of our enterprise platform involves assessing Cyber Exposure in a public cloud environment. We are dependent upon the providers to allow our solutions to access their cloud offerings. If one or more cloud providers elected to offer exclusively their own cloud security product or otherwise eliminate the ability of our solutions to access their cloud on behalf of our customers, our business and financial results could be harmed. 
 Additionally, the cybersecurity market is characterized by very rapid technological advances, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. Our success depends on continued innovation to provide features that make our solutions responsive to the cybersecurity landscape, including the shift to employees working from home or in hybrid environments and the increasing adoption by organizations of cloud or hybrid cloud architectures. Developing new solutions and product enhancements is uncertain, expensive and time-consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant cost savings, revenue or other expected benefits. If we spend significant time and effort on research and development and are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Further, we may not be able to successfully anticipate or adapt to changing technology or customer requirements or the dynamic threat landscape on a timely basis, or at all, which would impair our ability to execute on our business strategy. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements or new or evolving attacks by, or indicators of compromise that identify, cyber bad actors. 
 Furthermore, our current and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and products and services offerings in the markets we address. In addition, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources, which may enable them to adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs, devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of other opportunities more readily or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors. 
 We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. 
 From 2021 to 2022, our revenue grew from 541.1 million to 683.2 million, representing year over year growth of 26 . This growth was primarily from an increase in subscription revenue. Although we have experienced rapid growth historically and currently have high customer renewal rates, we may not continue to grow as rapidly in the future due to a decline in our renewal rates, failure to attract new customers or other factors. Any success that we may experience in the future will depend in large part on our ability to, among other things: 
 maintain and expand our customer base; 
 increase revenue from existing customers through increased or broader use of our offerings within their organizations; 
 improve the performance and capabilities of our offerings through research and development or the integration of acquired products and capabilities; 
 continue to develop and expand our enterprise platform; 
 maintain or increase the rate at which customers purchase and renew subscriptions to our enterprise platform offerings; 
 continue to successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; and 
 successfully compete with other companies. 
 If we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions, our stock price could be volatile, and it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. 
 We may be unable to rapidly and efficiently adjust our cost structure in response to significant revenue declines, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We recognize substantially all of our revenue ratably over the term of our subscriptions and, to a lesser extent, perpetual licenses ratably over an expected period of benefit and, as a result, downturns in sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 We recognize substantially all of our revenue ratably over the terms of our subscriptions with customers, which generally occurs over a one-year period and, for our perpetual licenses, over a five-year expected period of benefit. As a result, a substantial portion of the revenue that we report in each period will be derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to agreements entered into during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in new sales or renewals in any one period, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions, may not be immediately reflected in our revenue results for that period. This decline, however, would negatively affect our revenue in future periods. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our solutions and potential changes in our rate of renewals may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. This also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue growth through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers generally will be recognized over the term of the applicable agreement. 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers growing needs. 
 As usage of our enterprise platform grows, and as customers expand in size or expand the number of IT assets or IP addresses under their subscriptions, we may need to devote additional resources to improving our technology architecture, integrating with third-party systems and maintaining infrastructure performance. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our sales and marketing headcount, as well as grow our third-party channel partner network, to serve our growing customer base. If we are unable to scale our business appropriately, it could reduce the attractiveness of our solutions to customers, resulting in decreased sales to new customers, lower renewal rates by existing customers or the issuance of service credits or requested refunds, each of which could hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Even if we are able to upgrade our systems and expand our personnel, any such expansion will be expensive and complex, requiring management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or operational failures as a result of our efforts to scale our infrastructure. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with upgrading, improving and expanding our information technology systems. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our infrastructure and systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all. These efforts may reduce revenue and our margins and adversely impact our financial results. 
 If our enterprise platform offerings do not interoperate with our customers network and security infrastructure, including remote devices, or with third-party products, websites or services, our results of operations may be harmed. 
 Our enterprise platform offerings must interoperate with our customers existing network and security infrastructure, including remote devices. These complex systems are developed, delivered and maintained by the customer, their employees and a myriad of vendors and service providers. As a result, the components of our customers infrastructure, including remote devices, have different specifications, rapidly evolve, utilize multiple protocol standards, include multiple versions and generations of products and may be highly customized. We must be able to interoperate and provide our security offerings to customers with highly complex and customized networks, including remote devices, which requires careful planning and execution between our customers, our customer support teams and our channel partners. Further, when new or updated elements of our customers infrastructure, new usage trends, such as remote and hybrid work, or new industry standards or protocols are introduced, we may have to update or enhance our cloud platform and our other solutions to allow us to continue to provide service to customers. Our competitors or other vendors may refuse to work with us to allow their products to interoperate with our solutions, which could make it difficult for our cloud platform to function properly in customer networks that include these third-party products. 
 We may not deliver or maintain interoperability quickly or cost-effectively, or at all. These efforts require capital investment and engineering resources. If we fail to maintain compatibility of our cloud platform and our other solutions with our customers network and security infrastructures, including for remote devices, our customers may not be able to fully utilize our solutions, and we may, among other consequences, lose or fail to increase our market share and experience reduced demand for our services, which would materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our brand, reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers are dependent in part upon the reliability and accuracy of our data, solutions, infrastructure and those of third parties upon which we rely. If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, or if our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities or incorrectly detect vulnerabilities, or if they contain undetected errors or defects, we could experience adverse consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, use, transmit, disclose or otherwise process proprietary, confidential, and sensitive information, including personal data, intellectual property, and trade secrets. 
 We sell cybersecurity products and, as a result, may be at increased risk of being a target of cyberattacks designed to penetrate our platform or internal systems, to compromise our data, alter or modify our source code, or to otherwise impede the performance of our products. Threats to information systems and data come from a variety of sources. In addition to computer hackers, threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), "hacktivists," organized criminal threat actors, sophisticated nation-states and nation-state-supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks. Nation-state actors and nation-state-supported actors may engage in such attacks for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities, including the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia. During times of war and other major conflicts, we, third parties upon which we may rely, and our customers may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these threats, including retaliatory cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We, our customers, and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, which are prevalent, continue to rise, and increasingly difficult to detect. These threats include but are not limited to: social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks); credential harvesting; malicious code (such as viruses and worms); malware (including as a result of persistent threat intrusions); denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing); personnel misconduct or error; ransomware attacks; supply-chain attacks; software bugs; server malfunctions; software or hardware failures; loss of data or other information technology assets; adware; telecommunications failures, and other similar threats. In particular, ransomware attacks, including those from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, loss of data, loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational impact of a ransomware attack, it may be necessary to make extortion payments, but we may be unable to do so if, for example, applicable laws prohibit such payments. 
 Additionally, we are incorporated into the supply chain of a large number of companies worldwide and, as a result, if our solutions are compromised, a significant number or, in some instances, all of our customers and their data could be simultaneously affected. The potential liability and associated consequences we could suffer as a result of such a large-scale event could be catastrophic and result in irreparable harm. 
 The increased prevalence of remote work and use of remote devices has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside of our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Furthermore, future or past business transactions, such as acquisitions or integrations, could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities' systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not identified during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate other companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 We rely on third party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems, including processing confidential and sensitive information, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other functions. We also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, or otherwise operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties' information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. It is possible that our customers and potential customers would hold us accountable for any security incident affecting our third-party service providers infrastructure. We may incur significant liability from those customers and from other third parties with respect to any such incident. Because our agreements with certain third-party service 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 providers, such as Amazon Web Services, or AWS, limit their liability for damages, we may not be able to recover a material portion of our liabilities to our customers and third parties arising from issues with such third-party service providers, such as AWS, in the event of an incident affecting the third parties systems. Moreover, while we may be entitled to damages from other third-party service providers if they fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such reward. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. 
 Any of these or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that can result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our proprietary, confidential, and sensitive information or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our solutions. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and proprietary, confidential, and sensitive information, including personal data. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, deliberate or unintentional human or software errors, capacity constraints, fraud or security incidents. Moreover, we take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities in our information technology systems, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently, may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose a material risk to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 Data protection requirements may also require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents, including affected individuals, partners, collaborators, customers, regulators, law enforcement agencies and others. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. 
 If we, our customers, or a third party upon which we rely, experience a security incident or other interruption, or are perceived to have experienced a security incident or other interruption, we may experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting obligations and/or oversight; restrictions on processing information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions of our operations (including availability of data); financial loss (including by issuing credits to our customers); and other similar harm. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our solutions (including by not renewing their purchases of our solutions), deter new customers from using our solutions, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 There can be no assurance that any limitations or exclusions of liabilities in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages if we fail to comply with data protection requirements related to information security or security incidents. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities or damages with respect to claims, costs, expenses, litigation, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, regulatory actions or other impacts arising out of security incidents. 
 In addition, we face unique risks as a SAAS company, particularly in light of our business model. If our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities in our customers cybersecurity infrastructure, including for remote devices, or if our solutions fail to identify new and increasingly complex methods of cyberattacks, our business may suffer and our customers' businesses may be damaged, including by interrupting their networking traffic or operational technology environments. There is no guarantee that our solutions will detect all vulnerabilities or threats in our customers' systems, especially in light of the rapidly changing security landscape to which we must respond. Additionally, our solutions may falsely detect 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 vulnerabilities or threats that do not actually exist. For example, our solutions rely on information provided by an active community of users who contribute information about new exploits, attacks and vulnerabilities. If the information from these third parties is inaccurate, the potential for false indications of vulnerabilities or threats increases. These false positives, while typical in the industry, may impair the perceived reliability of our offerings. Additionally, our business depends upon the appropriate and successful implementation of our product by our customers. If our customers fail to use our solutions according to our specifications, our customers may suffer a security incident on their own systems or other adverse consequences. Even if such an incident is unrelated to our security practices, it could result in our incurring significant economic and operational costs in investigating, remediating, and implementing additional measures to further protect our customers from their own vulnerabilities. 
 The reliability and continuous availability of our solutions is critical to our success. We have experienced errors or defects in the past in connection with the release of new solutions and product upgrades, and we expect that these errors or defects will be found from time to time in the future in new or enhanced solutions after commercial release. In addition, we use third parties to assist in the development of our products and these third parties could be a source of errors or defects. Some defects may cause our solutions to be vulnerable to attacks, cause them to fail to detect vulnerabilities, or temporarily interrupt customers networking traffic or operational technology environments, any of which may damage our customers business and could hurt our reputation. 
 As a result of any of the risks associated with our SaaS business, we may experience adverse consequences. We may also be subject to liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in our solutions. 
 Our future quarterly results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly due to a wide range of factors, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our revenue and results of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 the level of demand for our solutions; 
 the introduction of new products and product enhancements by existing competitors or new entrants into our market, and changes in pricing for solutions offered by us or our competitors; 
 the rate of renewal of subscriptions, and extent of expansion of assets under such subscriptions, with existing customers; 
 the mix of customers licensing our products on a subscription basis as compared to a perpetual license; 
 large customers failing to renew their subscriptions; 
 the size, timing and terms of our subscription agreements with new customers; 
 our ability to interoperate our solutions with our customers network and security infrastructure, including remote devices; 
 the timing and growth of our business, in particular through our hiring of new employees and international expansion; 
 network outages, security breaches, technical difficulties or interruptions with our solutions (including security breaches by our service providers or vendors); 
 changes in the growth rate of the markets in which we compete; 
 the length of the license term, amount prepaid and other material terms of subscriptions to our solutions sold during a period; 
 customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new developments or enhancements by us or our competitors or otherwise; 
 changes in customers budgets; 
 seasonal variations related to sales and marketing and other activities, such as expenses related to our customers; 
 our ability to increase, retain and incentivize the channel partners that market and sell our solutions; 
 our ability to integrate our solutions with our ecosystem partners technology; 
 our ability to integrate any future acquisitions of businesses; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 our brand and reputation; 
 the timing of our adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies and the impact on our results of operations; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses, such as personnel costs, third-party cloud infrastructure costs and facilities costs; 
 our ability to hire, train and maintain our direct sales force; 
 unforeseen litigation and intellectual property infringement; 
 fluctuations in our effective tax rate; 
 general economic and political conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers operate; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from pandemics such as COVID-19, war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events, or an economic recession in the United States or other major markets. 
 Any one of these or other factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may result in fluctuations in our revenue and operating results, meaning that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, results of operations and cash flows may not necessarily be indicative of our future performance and may cause us to miss our guidance and analyst expectations and may cause our stock price to decline. 
 In addition, we have historically experienced seasonality in entering into agreements with customers. We typically enter into a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as renewal agreements with existing customers, in the third and fourth quarters. The increase in customer agreements in the third quarter is primarily attributable to U.S. government and related agencies, and the increase in the fourth quarter is primarily attributable to large enterprise account buying patterns typical in the software industry. We expect that seasonality will continue to affect our operating results in the future and may reduce our ability to predict cash flow and optimize the timing of our operating expenses. 
 Our business and results of operations depend substantially on our customers renewing their subscriptions with us and expanding the number of IT assets or IP addresses under their subscriptions. Any decline in our customer renewals, terminations or failure to convince our customers to expand their use of subscription offerings would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our subscription offerings are term-based and a majority of our subscription contracts are for one year in duration. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that a high percentage of our customers renew their subscriptions with us when the existing subscription term expires, and renew on the same or more favorable terms. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions, and we may not be able to accurately predict customer renewal rates. In addition, the growth of our business depends in part on our customers expanding their use of subscription offerings and related services. Historically, some of our customers have elected not to renew their subscriptions with us for a variety of reasons, including as a result of changes in their strategic IT priorities, budgets, costs and, in some instances, due to competing solutions. Our retention rate may also decline or fluctuate if our existing customers choose to reduce or delay technology spending in response to economic conditions, including those resulting from exchange rate fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar that make our products more expensive to existing customers, decades-high inflation or an economic recession in the United States or other major markets, that could lead to decreased spending, as well as a result of a number of other factors, including our customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our software, the increase in the contract value of subscription and support contracts from new customers, the effectiveness of our customer support services, our pricing, the prices of competing products or services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, global economic conditions, and the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, many of our customers, including certain top customers, have the right to terminate their agreements with us for convenience and for other reasons. We cannot assure you that customers will maintain their agreements with us, renew subscriptions or increase their usage of our software. If our customers do not maintain or renew their subscriptions or renew on less favorable terms, or if we are unable to expand our customers use of our software, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be harmed. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We must maintain and enhance our brand. 
 We believe that developing and maintaining widespread awareness of our brand in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our enterprise platform and attracting new customers. Brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue and, even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in maintaining and promoting our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or incur substantial expenses, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, or to achieve the widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption of our solutions. 
 We rely on third parties to maintain and operate certain elements of our network infrastructure. 
 We utilize data centers located in North America, Europe and Asia to operate and maintain certain elements of our own network infrastructure. Some elements of this complex system are operated by third parties that we do not control and that could require significant time to replace. We expect this dependence on third parties to continue. For example, Tenable One is hosted on Amazon Web Services, or AWS, which provides us with computing and storage capacity. Interruptions in our systems or the third-party systems on which we rely, particularly AWS, whether due to system failures, computer viruses or cyber threats, physical or electronic break-ins or other factors, could affect the security or availability of our solutions, network infrastructure and website. 
 Our existing data center facilities and third-party hosting providers have no obligations to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and certain of the agreements governing these relationships may be terminated by either party with notice or access to hosting services may be restricted by the provider at any time, with no or limited notice. For example, our agreement with AWS allows AWS to terminate the agreement with two years' written notice and allows AWS, under certain circumstances, to temporarily restrict access to hosting services provided by AWS without prior notice. Although we expect that we could receive similar services from other third parties, if any of our arrangements with third parties, including AWS, are terminated, we could experience interruptions on our platform and in our ability to make our platform available to customers, as well as downtime, delays and additional expenses in arranging alternative cloud infrastructure services. 
 Organizations may be reluctant to purchase our enterprise platform offerings that are cloud-based due to the actual or perceived vulnerability of cloud solutions. 
 Some organizations, including those in the defense industry and highly regulated industries such as healthcare and financial services, have historically been reluctant to use cloud-based solutions for cybersecurity because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the reliability or security of the technology delivery model associated with these solutions. If we or other software companies with cloud-based offerings experience security incidents, breaches of customer data, disruptions in service delivery or other problems, the market for cloud-based solutions as a whole may be negatively impacted, which in turn would negatively impact our revenue and our growth prospects. 
 Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable. 
 The timing of sales of our offerings is difficult to forecast because of the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle, particularly with large enterprises and with respect to certain of our solutions. We sell our solutions primarily to IT departments that are managing a growing set of user and compliance demands, which has increased the complexity of customer requirements to be met and confirmed during the sales cycle and prolonged our sales cycle. Our average sales cycle with an enterprise customer is approximately four months, although unfavorable macroeconomic conditions and the extent to which we continue to enter into larger deals, could result in longer average sales cycles. Further, the length of time that potential customers devote to their testing and evaluation, contract negotiation and budgeting processes varies significantly, depending on the size of the organization and nature of the product or service under consideration. Macroeconomic uncertainty, including foreign exchange rates, inflation and concerns about economic recessions in the United States or other major markets, have and could continue to impact the budgets and purchasing decisions and processes of certain of our customers and prospective customers, some of whom have added additional controls on expenditures and require additional internal approvals of expenditures, even if relatively small in dollar amount, all of which could lengthen our average sales cycle. In addition, we might devote substantial time and effort to a particular 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 unsuccessful sales effort, and as a result, we could lose other sales opportunities or incur expenses that are not offset by an increase in revenue, which could harm our business. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies, and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our failure, or perceived failure to comply with such obligations, could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business information, trade secrets, intellectual property, and sensitive third-party information. Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, rules, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy security laws, including data breach notification laws, data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, CPRA or collectively, the CCPA, imposes obligations on covered businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain rights related to their personal data. The CCPA applies to personal data of business representatives and employees and provides for administrative fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). Further, the CPRA's recent amendments expanded the CCPA's requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal data and by establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law, which could increase the risk of an enforcement action. Other states, such as Virginia, Connecticut, Utah and Colorado, have enacted data privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts and may increase legal risk and compliance costs for us, the third parties upon whom we rely, and our customers. Additionally, under various privacy laws and other obligations, we may be required to obtain certain consents to process certain types of personal data. Our inability or failure to do so could result in adverse consequences. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, or EU GDPR, and the United Kingdom s GDPR, or UK GDPR, impose strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals. Violations of these obligations carry significant potential consequences. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenue, whichever is greater. We have an internal data privacy function that oversees and supervises our compliance with European and UK data protection regulations but, despite our efforts, we may fail, or be perceived to have failed, to comply. Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, or PIPEDA, and various related provincial laws, Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation, or CASL, and Brazil's General Data Protection Law (Law No. 13,709/2018), or Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessaois, or LGPD, may apply to our operations. The LGPD broadly regulates processing personal data of individuals in Brazil and imposes compliance obligations and penalties comparable to those of the EU GDPR. Additionally, we also target customers in Asia and may be subject to new and emerging data privacy regimes in Asia, including China's Personal Information Protection Law, Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and Singapore's Personal Data Protection Act. 
 In addition, we may be unable to transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries due to data localization requirements or limitations on cross-border data flows. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area, or EEA, and the United Kingdom, or UK, have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK, or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. For example, some European regulators have significantly restricted some companies from transferring certain personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 In addition to data privacy and security laws, we may be contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. Furthermore, we are bound by other contractual obligations relating to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. Additionally, some of our customer contracts require us to host personal data locally. 
 We have published privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators, or other adverse consequences. 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion, creating some uncertainty as to the effective future legal framework. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or in conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources. These obligations may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with, can delay or impede the development or adoption of our products and services and require significant management time and attention. Although we endeavor to comply with all data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon which we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. If we or the third parties upon which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences include, but are not limited to: government enforcement actions (such as investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar actions); litigation (including class-action related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: interruptions or stoppages in our business operations, inability to process personal data or operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; reputational harm; loss of customers; reduction in the use of our products; or revision or restricting of our operations. 
 We rely on our third-party channel partner network of distributors and resellers to generate a substantial amount of our revenue. 
 Our success is dependent in part upon establishing and maintaining relationships with a variety of channel partners that we utilize to extend our geographic reach and market penetration. We use a two-tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products and services to our distributors, which in turn sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end users, which we call customers. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on this two-tiered sales model in order to help facilitate sales of our offerings as part of larger purchases in the United States and to grow our business internationally. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we derived 92 , 92 and 91 , respectively, of our revenue from subscriptions and perpetual licenses sold through channel partners, and the percentage of revenue derived from channel partners may continue to increase in future periods. Ingram Micro, Inc., a distributor, accounted for 38 , 39 and 43 of our revenue in 2022, 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 2021 and 2020, respectively, and 36 of our accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 32 as of December 31, 2021. Our agreements with our channel partners, including our agreement with Ingram Micro, are non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or offering competing solutions, and some of our channel partners may have more established relationships with our competitors. Similarly, our channel partners have no obligations to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and certain of the agreements governing these relationships may be terminated by either party at any time, with no or limited notice. For example, our agreement with Ingram Micro allows Ingram Micro to terminate the agreement in their discretion upon 30 days written notice to us. If our channel partners choose to place greater emphasis on products of their own or those offered by our competitors or a result of an acquisition, competitive factors or other reasons do not continue to market and sell our solutions in an effective manner or at all, our ability to grow our business and sell our solutions, particularly in key international markets, may be adversely affected. In addition, our failure to recruit additional channel partners, or any reduction or delay in their sales of our solutions and professional services, including as a result of economic uncertainty, or conflicts between channel sales and our direct sales and marketing activities may harm our results of operations. Finally, even if we are successful, our relationships with channel partners may not result in greater customer usage of our solutions and professional services or increased revenue. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated from subscriptions and perpetual licenses sold to domestic governmental entities, foreign governmental entities and other heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated from subscriptions and perpetual licenses sold to governmental entities in the United States. Additionally, many of our current and prospective customers, such as those in the financial services, energy, insurance and healthcare industries, are highly regulated and may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with subscribing to and implementing our enterprise platform. Selling licenses to these entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully complete a sale. Governmental demand and payment for our enterprise platform may also be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our enterprise platform. In addition, governmental entities have the authority to terminate contracts at any time for the convenience of the government, which creates risk regarding revenue anticipated under our existing government contracts. 
 Further, governmental and highly regulated entities often require contract terms that differ from our standard customer arrangements, including terms that can lead to those customers obtaining broader rights in our solutions than would be expected under a standard commercial contract and terms that can allow for early termination. The U.S. government will be able to terminate any of its contracts with us either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform in accordance with the contract schedule and terms. Termination for convenience provisions would generally enable us to recover only our costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses, and profit on the work completed prior to termination. Termination for default provisions do not permit these recoveries and would make us liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. government in procuring undelivered items from another source. Contracts with governmental and highly regulated entities may also include preferential pricing terms. In the United States, federal government agencies may promulgate regulations, and the President may issue executive orders, requiring federal contractors to adhere to different or additional requirements after a contract is signed. If we do not meet applicable requirements of law or contract, we could be subject to significant liability from our customers or regulators. Even if we do meet these requirements, the additional costs associated with providing our enterprise platform to government and highly regulated customers could harm our operating results. Moreover, changes in the underlying statutory and regulatory conditions that affect these types of customers could harm our ability to efficiently provide them access to our enterprise platform and to grow or maintain our customer base. In addition, engaging in sales activities to foreign governments introduces additional compliance risks, including risks specific to anti-bribery regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and other similar statutory requirements prohibiting bribery and corruption in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Further, in some jurisdictions we may be required to obtain government certifications, which may be costly to maintain and, if we lost such certifications in the future or if such certification requirements changed, would restrict our ability to sell to government entities until we have attained such certifications. 
 Some of our revenue is derived from contracts with U.S. government entities, as well as subcontracts with higher-tier contractors. As a result, we are subject to federal contracting regulations, including the Federal Acquisition Regulation, or 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 the FAR. Under the FAR, certain types of contracts require pricing that is based on estimated direct and indirect costs, which are subject to change. 
 In connection with our U.S. government contracts, we may be subject to government audits and review of our policies, procedures, and internal controls for compliance with contract terms, procurement regulations, and applicable laws. In certain circumstances, if we do not comply with the terms of a contract or with regulations or statutes, we could be subject to contract termination or downward contract price adjustments or refund obligations, could be assessed civil or criminal penalties, or could be debarred or suspended from obtaining future government contracts for a specified period of time. Any such termination, adjustment, sanction, debarment or suspension could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In the course of providing our solutions and professional services to governmental entities, our employees and those of our channel partners may be exposed to sensitive government information. Any failure by us or our channel partners to safeguard and maintain the confidentiality of such information could subject us to liability and reputational harm, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. 
 Our pricing model subjects us to various challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive expected value from our customers and we may need to reduce our prices or change our pricing model to remain competitive. 
 Subscriptions and perpetual licenses to our enterprise platform are generally priced based on the number of IP addresses or total IT assets that can be monitored. We expect that we may need to change our pricing from time to time. As competitors introduce new products that compete with ours or reduce their prices, we may be unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers based on our historical pricing. We also must determine the appropriate price to enable us to compete effectively internationally. Moreover, mid- to large-size enterprises may demand substantial price discounts as part of the negotiation of sales contracts and, as the amount of IT assets or IP addresses within our customers' organization grows, we may face additional pressure from our customers regarding our pricing. As a result, we may be required or choose to reduce our prices or change our pricing model, which could adversely affect our business, revenue, operating margins and financial condition. 
 Further, our subscription agreements and perpetual licenses generally provide that we can audit our customers use of our offerings to ensure compliance with the terms of such agreement or license and monitor an increase in IT assets and IP addresses being monitored. However, a customer may resist or refuse to allow us to audit their usage, in which case we may have to pursue legal recourse to enforce our rights under the agreement or license, which would require us to spend money, distract management and potentially adversely affect our relationship with our customers and users. 
 If our enterprise platform offerings do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, our results of operations and competitive position will suffer. 
 We spend substantial amounts of time and money to research and develop and enhance our enterprise platform offerings to meet our customers rapidly evolving demands. In addition, we invest in efforts to continue to add capabilities to our existing products and enable the continued detection of new network vulnerabilities. We typically incur expenses and expend resources upfront to market, promote and sell our new and enhanced offerings. Therefore, when we develop and introduce new or enhanced offerings, they must achieve high levels of market acceptance in order to justify the amount of our investment in developing and bringing them to market, and if these new or enhanced offerings do not garner widespread market adoption and implementation, our operating results and competitive position could suffer. 
 Further, we may make enhancements to our offerings that our customers do not like, find useful or agree with. We may also discontinue certain features, begin to charge for certain features that are currently free or increase fees for any of our features or usage of our offerings. 
 Our new offerings or enhancements and changes to our existing offerings could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 
 failure to predict market demand accurately, including changes in demand as a result of macroeconomic trends, in terms of functionality and to supply offerings that meets this demand in a timely fashion; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 defects, errors or failures; 
 negative publicity about their performance or effectiveness; 
 delays in releasing our new offerings or enhancements to our existing offerings to the market; 
 introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products by our competitors; 
 poor business conditions for our customers, including as a result of difficult macroeconomic conditions, causing them to delay or forgo IT purchases; and 
 reluctance of customers to purchase cloud-based offerings. 
 If our new or enhanced offerings do not achieve adequate acceptance in the market, our competitive position will be impaired, and our revenue will be diminished. The adverse effect on our operating results may be particularly acute because of the significant research, development, marketing, sales and other expenses we will have incurred in connection with the new or enhanced offerings. 
 Our strategy of offering and deploying our solutions in the cloud, on-premises environments or using a hybrid approach causes us to incur increased expenses and may pose challenges to our business. 
 We offer and sell our enterprise platform for use in the cloud, on-premises environments or using a hybrid approach using the customer s own infrastructure. Our cloud offering enables our customers to eliminate the burden of provisioning and maintaining infrastructure and to scale their usage of our solutions quickly, while our on-premises offering allows for the customer s complete control over data security and software infrastructure. Historically, our solutions were developed in the context of the on-premises offering, and we have less operating experience offering and selling subscriptions to our solutions via our cloud offering. Although a substantial majority of our revenue has historically been generated from customers using our solutions on an on-premises basis, our customers are increasingly adopting our cloud offering. We expect that our customers will continue to move to our cloud offering and that it will become more central to our distribution model. We expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars and our gross margin to decrease to the extent that revenue from our cloud-based subscriptions increases as a percentage of revenue, although our gross margin could fluctuate from period to period. To support both on-premises environments and cloud instances of our product, our support team must be trained on and learn multiple environments in which our solution is deployed, which is more expensive than supporting only a cloud offering. Moreover, we must engineer our software for an on-premises environment, cloud offering and hybrid installation, which we expect will cause us additional research and development expense that may impact our operating results. As more of our customers transition to the cloud, we may be subject to additional competitive pressures, which may harm our business. We are directing a significant portion of our financial and operating resources to implement a robust and secure cloud offering for our customers, but even if we continue to make these investments, we may be unsuccessful in growing or implementing our cloud offering in a way that competes successfully against our current and future competitors and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Our customers increased usage of our cloud-based offerings requires us to continually improve our computer network and infrastructure to avoid service interruptions or slower system performance. 
 As usage of our cloud-based offerings grows and as customers use them for more complicated applications, increased assets and with increased data requirements, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our platform architecture and our infrastructure in order to maintain the performance of our cloud offering. Any failure or delays in our computer systems could cause service interruptions or slower system performance. If sustained or repeated, these performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our enterprise platform to customers. These performance issues could result in lost customer opportunities and lower renewal rates, any of which could hurt our revenue growth, customer loyalty and reputation. 
 A component of our growth strategy is dependent on our continued international expansion, which adds complexity to our operations. 
 We market and sell our solutions and professional services throughout the world and have personnel in many parts of the world. International operations generated 44 and 42 of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, on our continued international expansion. We expect to conduct a significant amount of our 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 business with organizations that are located outside the United States, particularly in Europe and Asia. We cannot assure that our expansion efforts into international markets will be successful in creating further demand for our solutions and professional services outside of the United States or in effectively selling our solutions and professional services in the international markets that we enter. Our current international operations and future initiatives will involve a variety of risks, including: 
 increased management, infrastructure and legal costs associated with having international operations; 
 reliance on channel partners; 
 trade and foreign exchange restrictions, including potential changes in trade relations arising from policy initiatives; 
 volatility of foreign exchange rates; 
 economic or political instability in foreign markets, including instability related to the United Kingdom s recent exit from the European Union and the corresponding impact on its ongoing legal, political, and economic relationship with the European Union and heightened levels of inflation; 
 greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 
 changes in regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to data privacy, data protection and data security regulations; 
 difficulties and costs of staffing, managing and potentially reorganizing foreign operations, including increased employee recruitment, training and retention costs related to global employment turnover trends and inflationary pressures in the labor market; 
 the uncertainty and limitation of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 costs of compliance with foreign laws and regulations and the risks and costs of non-compliance with such laws and regulations; 
 differing labor regulations in foreign jurisdictions where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations; 
 costs of compliance with U.S. laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the FCPA, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or provide our solutions in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; 
 requirements to comply with foreign privacy, data protection and information security laws and regulations and the risks and costs of noncompliance; 
 heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, and irregularities in, financial statements; 
 the potential for political unrest, pandemics, acts of terrorism, hostilities or war, including the invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 
 management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural differences and geographic dispersion; 
 costs associated with language localization of our solutions; and 
 costs of compliance with multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures and regimes. 
 Our business, including the sales of our solutions and professional services by us and our channel partners, may be subject to foreign governmental regulations, which vary substantially from country to country and change from time to time. Our failure, or the failure by our channel partners, to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. Further, in many foreign countries it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to comply with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners and agents have complied, or will comply, with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners or agents could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial reporting misstatements, fines, penalties or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our solutions and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully manage the challenges of international expansion and operations, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, including senior management and our engineering, professional services, sales and technology professionals, and our ability to increase our customer base will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our senior management team and our highly skilled team members, including our sales personnel, professional services personnel and software engineers. We do not maintain key person insurance on any of our executive officers or key employees. Our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of any of our senior management or key employees could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees. 
 Our ability to successfully pursue our growth strategy also depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain our personnel. Competition for well-qualified employees in all aspects of our business is intense. The move by companies to offer a remote or hybrid work environment may increase competition for such employees outside of our traditional office locations. In addition, employee turnover rates in the broader global economy and inflationary pressures in the labor market have increased and may continue to be elevated, which has led, and could continue to lead to increased recruiting, training and retention costs. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees, retaining and motivating existing employees or maintaining our corporate culture in a hybrid or remote work environment, our business would be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our Cyber Exposure solutions will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales force and our third-party channel partner network of distributors and resellers, both domestically and internationally. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining talented sales personnel or strategic partners, and any new sales personnel or strategic partners may not be able to achieve productivity in a reasonable period of time or at all. We also plan to dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs, including through electronic marketing campaigns and, when deemed safe to do so, trade event sponsorship and participation. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources and our business will be harmed if our efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. 
 We must offer high-quality support. 
 Our customers rely on our personnel for support of our enterprise platform. High-quality support is important for the renewal of our agreements with existing customers and to our existing customers expanding the number of IP addresses or IT assets under their subscriptions. The importance of high-quality support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell new software to existing and new customers would suffer and our reputation with existing or potential customers would be harmed. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 
 In order to grow our business, we anticipate that we will continue to depend on relationships with strategic partners to provide broader customer coverage and solution delivery capabilities. We depend on partnerships with market leading technology companies to maintain and expand our exposure management ecosystem by integrating third party data into our platform. Identifying partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. Our agreements with our strategic partners generally are non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or offering competing solutions. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our services. If our partners choose to place greater emphasis on products of their own or those offered by our competitors or do not effectively market and sell our product, our ability to grow our business and sell software and professional services may be adversely affected. In addition, acquisitions of our partners by our competitors could result in a decrease in the number of our current and potential customers, as our partners may no longer facilitate the adoption of our solutions by potential customers. We also license third-party threat data that is used in our solutions in order to deliver our offerings. In the future, this data may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this data could result in 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 delays in the provisioning of our offerings until equivalent data is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. 
 If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results may suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased customer usage of our solutions or increased revenue. 
 Recent and future acquisitions could disrupt our business and adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 We have in the past acquired products, technologies and businesses from other parties, and we expect to expand our current business by acquiring additional businesses or technologies in the future. Acquisitions involve many risks, including the following: 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our financial results because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; 
 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company; 
 we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully sell any acquired solutions; 
 an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 
 our use of cash to pay for an acquisition would limit other potential uses for our cash; and 
 if we incur debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants. 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. In addition, we may only be able to conduct limited due diligence on an acquired company s operations. Following an acquisition, we may be subject to unforeseen liabilities arising from an acquired company s past or present operations and these liabilities may be greater than the warranty and indemnity limitations that we negotiate. Any unforeseen liability that is greater than these warranty and indemnity limitations could have a negative impact on our financial condition. 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. However, we intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our product, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Our current loan agreement includes, and we expect that any future agreements governing our indebtedness will include, restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. Weakness and volatility in the capital markets and the economy in general could limit our access to capital markets and increase our costs of borrowing. If we are unable to obtain adequate 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 If we do not generate sufficient cash flows, we may be unable to service all of our indebtedness. 
 To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash, make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our successful financial and operating performance, which may be affected by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control and some of which are described elsewhere in the Risk Factors section of this report. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, or to repay the term loan when it matures, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets or operations, reducing or delaying capital investments, or seeking to raise additional capital. We may not be able to refinance our debt, or any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more restrictive covenants that could further restrict our business operations. Our ability to implement successfully any such alternative financing plans will depend on a range of factors, including general economic conditions, the level of activity in capital markets generally, and the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. 
 Covenants under our Credit Agreement may restrict our business and operations in many ways, and if we do not effectively manage our covenants, our financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our Credit Agreement imposes various covenants that limit our ability and/or our restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt, and make certain investments; 
 incur additional debt and issue certain preferred stock; 
 provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; 
 incur liens on assets; 
 engage in certain asset sales, including capital stock of our subsidiaries; 
 merge, consolidate with, or sell all or substantially all our assets to another person; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into agreements that restrict distributions from our subsidiaries; 
 designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and 
 prohibit certain restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us. 
 These covenants may: 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general business purposes; 
 limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general business purposes; 
 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 
 limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors; and 
 increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to successfully manage the limitations and decreased flexibility on our business due to our significant debt obligations, we may not be able to capitalize on strategic opportunities or grow our business to the extent we would be able to without these limitations. 
 Our failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in a default under the Credit Agreement, which could permit the administrative agent or the lenders to cause the administrative agent to declare all or part of any of our outstanding senior secured term loans or revolving loans to be immediately due and payable or to exercise any remedies provided to the administrative agent, including, proceeding against the collateral granted to secure our obligations under the Credit Agreement. An event of default under the Credit Agreement could also lead to a default under the terms of certain of our other agreements. Any such event of default or any exercise of rights and remedies by our creditors could seriously harm our business. 
 The phase-out, replacement or unavailability of LIBOR could adversely affect our indebtedness. 
 Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR. On July 27, 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, or the FCA, announced that it will no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. However, the cessation date has been deferred to June 30, 2023 for the most commonly used tenors in U.S. dollar LIBOR (i.e., overnight and one, three and six months). This extension to 2023 means that many legacy U.S. dollar LIBOR contracts would terminate before related LIBOR rates cease to be published. In the meantime, actions by the FCA, other regulators, or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which LIBOR is calculated. If changes to LIBOR result in an increase in rates, our interest expense under the Credit Agreement would increase. Further, if LIBOR is no longer available, our Credit Agreement will be subject to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, and if SOFR is higher than LIBOR, our interest expense under the Credit Agreement would increase. 
 The nature of our business requires the application of complex accounting rules and regulations and public reporting and corporate governance requirements. If there are significant changes in current principles, financial reporting standards, interpretations or public reporting and corporate governance requirements, or if our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies or reporting or governance requirements prove to be incorrect, we may experience unexpected financial reporting fluctuations or increased compliance costs and strain on our resources and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The accounting rules and regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. In addition, many companies accounting disclosures are being subjected to heightened scrutiny by regulators and the public. Further, the accounting rules and regulations are continually changing in ways that could impact our financial statements. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include the determination of the estimated economic life of perpetual licenses for revenue recognition, the estimated period of benefit for deferred commissions, useful lives of long-lived assets, the valuation of stock-based compensation, the incremental borrowing rate for operating leases, and the valuation of deferred tax assets. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, we are also subject to the reporting and corporate governance requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Compliance with these 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 rules and regulations increases our legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increases demand on our systems and resources. 
 Additionally, we regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial reporting standards and SEC and applicable listing standard requirements and review new pronouncements, drafts and interpretations thereof that are relevant to us. We might be required to change our accounting policies, alter our operational policies and implement new or enhance existing systems, or we may be required to restate our published financial statements, as a result of new standards or requirements, changes to existing standards or requirements and changes in their interpretation. Such changes to existing standards or requirements or changes in their interpretation may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position and profit, or cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit target, which may negatively impact our financial results. Additionally, we may incur substantial professional fees and expend significant management efforts, and we may need to hire additional staff with the appropriate experience and compile systems and processes necessary to adopt these new standards and disclosure or governance requirements. 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have material adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and share price. 
 The global economy, including credit and financial markets, has recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about economic stability. For example, in recent years the COVID-19 pandemic, decades-high inflation and concerns about an economic recession in the United States or other major markets resulted in widespread unemployment, economic slowdown and extreme volatility in the capital markets. The Federal Reserve recently raised interest rates multiple times in response to concerns about inflation and is expected to continue to raise rates. Higher interest rates, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, including with respect to foreign exchange, may increase economic uncertainty and affect consumer spending. For example, during periods with a relatively strong U.S. dollar, our products are more expensive for existing and prospective international customers, which has impacted, and could in the future impact, the budgets and purchasing decisions of certain of our existing and prospective international customers. 
 If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Increased inflation rates can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including labor and employee benefit costs. In addition, higher inflation also could increase our customers operating costs, which could result in reduced budgets for our customers, longer sales cycles and potentially less demand for our products. Any significant increases in inflation and related increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Columbia, Maryland. The area around Washington, D.C. could be subject to terrorist attacks. Additionally, we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our website for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services and sales activities. 
 We have both hybrid remote and in-person work policies, however, substantially all of our employees have continued to work in a hybrid environment, which may pose additional security risks. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, including those related to the long-term effects of climate change, and other catastrophic events such as fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyberattack, war or terrorist attack, or epidemic or pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. To the extent such events impact our corporate headquarters, other facilities, or off-premises infrastructure, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our software development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia or any other geopolitical tensions. 
 U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine has resulted, and could continue to result, in market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, disruption in the energy market as well as supply chain interruptions. 
 Additionally, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia has led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia and Belarus. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy, which could impact the budgets and purchasing decisions and processes of certain of our customers and prospective customers. 
 At December 31, 2022, our business has not been negatively materially impacted by the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia. However, we believe that the heightened threat environment could highlight the need for our customers to continuously map and measure their cyber exposure across the attack surface. 
 It is impossible to predict the extent to which our operations, or those of our partners or customers, will be impacted in the short and long term, or the ways in which the conflict may impact our business. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation, Data Collection and Intellectual Property 
 Our business could be adversely affected if our employees cannot obtain and maintain required security clearances or we cannot establish and maintain a required facility security clearance. 
 Certain U.S. government contracts may require our employees to maintain various levels of security clearances, and may require us to maintain a facility security clearance, to comply with Department of Defense, or DoD, requirements. The DoD has strict security clearance requirements for personnel who perform work in support of classified programs. Obtaining and maintaining a facility clearance and security clearances for employees can be a difficult, sometimes lengthy process. If we do not have employees with the appropriate security clearances, then a customer requiring classified work could terminate an existing contract or decide not to renew the contract upon its expiration. To the extent we are not able to obtain or maintain a facility security clearance, we may not be able to bid on or win new classified contracts, and existing contracts requiring a facility security clearance could be terminated. 
 Any failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property. To safeguard these rights, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and contractual protections in the United States and other jurisdictions, all of which provide only limited protection and may not now or in the future provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 26 issued patents and 25 patent applications pending in the United States relating to our technology. We cannot assure you that any patents will issue from any patent applications, that patents that issue from such applications will give us the protection that we seek or that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Any patents that may issue in the future from our pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection and may not be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. Obtaining and enforcing software patents in the United States is becoming increasingly challenging. Any patents we have obtained or may obtain in the future may be found to be invalid or unenforceable in light of recent and future changes in the law. We have registered the Tenable, Nessus, Tenable.io and "Lumin" trademarks and our Tenable logo in the United States and certain other countries. We have registrations and/or pending applications for additional trademarks in the United States; however, we cannot assure you that any future trademark registrations will be issued for pending or future applications or 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 that any registered trademarks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. While we have copyrights in our software, we do not typically register such copyrights with the Copyright Office. This failure to register the copyrights in our software may preclude us from obtaining statutory damages for infringement under certain circumstances. We also license software from third parties for integration into our software, including open source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. We cannot assure you that such third parties will maintain such software or continue to make it available. 
 In order to protect our unpatented proprietary technologies and processes, we rely on trade secret laws and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, strategic partners, vendors and others. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and trade secrets, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate, copy, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use them. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights, or develop similar technologies and processes. Further, several agreements may give customers limited rights to access portions of our proprietary source code, and the contractual provisions that we enter into may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets and intellectual property is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. To the extent that we expand our activities outside of the United States, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our solutions and proprietary information may increase. We may be unable to determine the extent of any unauthorized use or infringement of our solutions, technologies or intellectual property rights. 
 There can be no assurance that the steps that we take will be adequate to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property, that others will not develop or patent similar or superior technologies, solutions or services, or that our trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others. Furthermore, effective trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our software is available or where we have employees or independent contractors. In addition, the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in internet and software-related industries are uncertain and still evolving. 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could seriously adversely affect our brand and adversely impact our business. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies. 
 Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own significant numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. The litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue and against which our patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence. In the past, we have been subject to allegations of patent infringement that were unsuccessful, and we expect in the future to be subject to claims that we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties intellectual property rights, and, to the extent we gain greater market visibility or face increasing competition and as we acquire more companies, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims, which is not uncommon with respect to enterprise software companies. We may in the future be subject to claims that employees or contractors, or we, have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of our competitors or other parties. To the extent that intellectual property claims are made against our customers based on their usage of our technology, we have certain obligations to indemnify and defend such customers from those claims. The term of our 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 contractual indemnity provisions often survives termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments, defense costs or damage claims from contractual breach could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 There may be third-party intellectual property rights, including issued or pending patents that cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods, including those relating to companies we acquire. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate, could divert our management s attention and other resources and could result in adverse publicity. These claims could also subject us to making substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments, and other costs or damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop making, selling, offering for sale, or using technology found to be in violation of a third party s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license is available to us, we may be required to pay significant upfront fees, milestones or royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, to the extent we only have a license to any intellectual property used in our solutions, there may be no guarantee of continued access to such intellectual property, including on reasonable terms. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing such third-party intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our software or cease business activities covered by such intellectual property, and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Portions of our solutions utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. 
 Our software contains software made available by third parties under so-called open source licenses. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that distribute or use open source software in their products and services, asserting that such open source software infringes the claimants intellectual property rights. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming that what we believe to be licensed open source software infringes their intellectual property rights. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, certain open source licenses require that source code for software programs that are subject to the license be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms. Further, certain open source licenses also include a provision that if we enforce any patents against the software programs that are subject to the license, we would lose the license to such software. If we were to fail to comply with the terms of such open source software licenses, such failures could result in costly litigation, lead to negative public relations or require that we quickly find replacement software which may be difficult to accomplish in a timely manner. 
 Although we monitor our use of open source software in an effort both to comply with the terms of the applicable open source licenses and to avoid subjecting our software to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our product or operate our business. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our software and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses, if we combine or distribute our software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all, or a portion of, that software or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our software, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our product. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated, and could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to An Investment in Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially and depends on a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: 
 actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our operating results; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products or new or terminated significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 
 industry or financial analyst or investor reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 failure to comply with the terms of the Credit Agreement; 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 failure of industry or financial analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property rights or our solutions, or third-party proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new or proposed laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business, including proposed changes to the U.S. corporate income tax rate and capital gains tax rates; 
 any major changes in our management or our Board of Directors; 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from pandemics such as COVID-19, war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events. 
 Recently, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, decades-high inflation and concerns about an economic recession in the United States or other major markets, the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and macroeconomic conditions. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. In addition, the stock prices of many companies in the technology industry have declined significantly after those companies have failed to meet, or significantly exceed, the financial guidance publicly announced by the companies or the expectations of analysts. If our financial results fail to meet, or exceed, our announced guidance or the expectations of analysts or public investors, analysts could downgrade our common stock or publish unfavorable research about us. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets by us or our stockholders, or the perception such sales might occur, could reduce the price that our common stock might otherwise attain. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by us or our stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock, impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities and make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. Further, the number of new shares of our common stock issued by us in connection with raising additional capital in connection with a financing, acquisition, investment or otherwise could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. 
 In addition, we have filed registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act registering the issuance of shares of common stock subject to options and other equity awards issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. Shares registered under these registration statements, and under additional registration statements on Form S-8 that we may file to register additional shares of common stock pursuant to provisions of our equity incentive plans that provide for an automatic increase in the number of shares reserved and available for issuance each year, are available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options and the restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act in the case of our affiliates. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. In addition, our Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that prohibit us, subject to certain exceptions, from paying dividends on our common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our Board of Directors and our current management and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors that are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: 
 a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the exclusive right of our Board of Directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of our Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer or president (in the absence of a chief executive officer) or a majority vote of our Board of Directors, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to the issuance of preferred stock and management of our business or our amended and restated bylaws, which may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to affect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors, by majority vote, to amend our amended and restated bylaws, which may allow our Board of Directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend our amended and restated bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers or other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 General Risks 
 We are subject to anti-corruption laws, anti-bribery and similar laws with respect to our domestic and international operations, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and materially harm our business and reputation. 
 We are subject to the anti-bribery laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These include the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit our company from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits in order to gain or maintain business, including payments to recipients in the public or private sector. We use third-party law firms, accountants, and other representatives for regulatory compliance, sales, and other purposes in several countries. We sell directly and indirectly, via third-party representatives, to both private and government sectors in the United States and in other jurisdictions. Our employees and third-party representatives interact with these customers, which may include government officials. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party representatives, our employees, contractors, and other agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could further harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, as an issuer of securities, we also are subject to the accounting and internal controls provisions of the FCPA. These provisions require us to maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal controls sufficient to detect and prevent corrupt conduct. Failure to abide by these provisions may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls and economic and trade sanctions that could impair our ability to conduct business in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 The United States and other countries maintain and administer export and import laws and regulations. Our products are subject to U.S. export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. We are required to comply with these laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with such laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, for a particular sale may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. In addition, changes in our solutions, or changes in applicable export or import laws and regulations may create delays in the introduction and sale of our products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import laws and regulations or economic or trade sanctions, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws and regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such laws 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 and regulations could also result in decreased use of our products, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential customers. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our solutions. Various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including import permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our solutions or could limit our customers ability to implement our solutions in those countries. Encrypted products and the underlying technology may also be subject to export control restrictions. Governmental regulation of encryption technology and regulation of imports or exports of encryption solutions, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our solutions, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding the export and import of our solutions, including with respect to new solutions or changes in existing solutions, may create delays in the introduction of our solutions in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our solutions globally or, in some cases, could prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments, entities or persons altogether. 
 Moreover, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions programs prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments and persons that are subject to U.S. economic embargoes and trade sanctions. Any violations of such economic embargoes and trade sanction regulations could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. 
 Changes to and uncertainties in the interpretation and application of tax laws and regulations could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
 The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. The issuance of additional regulatory or accounting guidance related to existing or future tax laws, or changes to tax laws or regulations proposed or implemented by the current or a future U.S. presidential administration, Congress, or taxing authorities in other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside of the United States, could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. For example, beginning in 2022, U.S. taxpayers are required to capitalize and amortize certain research and development expenditures over five years if incurred in the United States and fifteen years if incurred in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Although there have been legislative proposals to repeal or defer the capitalization requirement, there can be no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. In addition, the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act includes, among other provisions, a 15 minimum tax on the book income of certain large corporations, as well as a 1 excise tax imposed on certain stock repurchases by public corporations. It is possible that these changes could increase our future tax liability. Furthermore, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, is leading work on proposals, commonly referred to as BEPS 2.0 , which, if implemented, would make important changes to the international tax system. These proposals are based on two pillars , involving the allocation of taxing rights in respect of certain multinational enterprises above a fixed profit margin to the jurisdictions in which they carry on business (referred to as the Pillar One proposal) and imposing a minimum effective tax rate on certain multinational enterprises (referred to as the Pillar Two proposal). The European Union has adopted a Council Directive requiring aspects of the Pillar Two proposal to be transposed into the national laws of European Union Member states by December 31, 2023, and a number of other countries are also planning to enact such rules. Based on the minimum revenue thresholds contained in the Pillar One and Pillar Two proposals, we do not expect currently to be within the scope of the rules, but could fall within their scope in the future, which could increase our tax obligations in the countries where we do business. 
 In addition, forecasts of our income tax position and effective tax rate for financial accounting purposes are complex and subject to significant judgment and uncertainty because our income tax position for each year combines the effects of a mix of profits earned and losses incurred by us in various tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates, as well as changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the impact of various accounting rules and tax laws (and changes to these rules and tax laws), the results of examinations by various tax authorities, and the impact of any acquisition, business combination or other reorganization or financing transaction. To forecast our global tax rate, we estimate our pre-tax profits and losses and tax expense by jurisdiction. If the mix of profits and losses, our ability to use tax assets and attributes, our assessment of the need for valuation allowances, effective tax rates by jurisdiction or other factors are different than those estimated, our actual tax rate could be materially different than forecasted, which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating results may be negatively affected if we are required to pay additional taxes, including sales and use tax, value added tax, or other transaction taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to all or a portion of past or future sales. 
 We currently collect and remit sales and use, value added and other transaction taxes in certain of the jurisdictions where we do business based on our assessment of the amount of taxes owed by us in such jurisdictions. However, in some jurisdictions in which we do business, we do not believe that we owe such taxes, and therefore we currently do not collect and remit such taxes in those jurisdictions or record contingent tax liabilities in respect of those jurisdictions. A successful assertion that we are required to pay additional taxes in connection with sales of our solutions, or the imposition of new laws or regulations or the interpretation of existing laws and regulations requiring the payment of additional taxes, would result in increased costs and administrative burdens for us. If we are subject to additional taxes and determine to offset such increased costs by collecting and remitting such taxes from our customers, or otherwise passing those costs through to our customers, companies may be discouraged from using our solutions. Any increased tax burden may decrease our ability or willingness to compete in relatively burdensome tax jurisdictions, result in substantial tax liabilities related to past or future sales or otherwise harm our business and operating results. 
 Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 At December 31, 2022 we had U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of 407.4 million, 233.5 million, and 315.5 million, respectively, available to offset future taxable income, some of which will begin to expire in 2030. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize certain of our NOLs before they expire. Under current law, Federal NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, is limited to 80 of taxable income. 
 In addition, under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of pre-change NOLs that can be utilized annually in the future to offset taxable income. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes limitations on a company s ability to use its NOLs to offset its taxable income if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders that each own at least 5 of the company s stock increase their aggregate ownership (by value) by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentages within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state and foreign tax laws. Based upon an analysis as of December 31, 2022, we determined that we do not expect these limitations to materially impair our ability to use our NOLs prior to expiration. However, if changes in our ownership occurred after such date, or occur in the future, our ability to use our NOLs may be further limited. Subsequent statutory or regulatory changes in respect of the utilization of NOLs for federal, state or foreign purposes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or limitations on the deductibility of NOLs carried forward, or other unforeseen reasons, may result in our existing NOLs expiring or otherwise being unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs, even if we achieve profitability. 
 We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to disclose significant changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis. 
 During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters in Columbia, Maryland consist of approximately 160,000 square feet under a lease that expires in February 2032. We maintain additional offices in multiple locations internationally in Europe and the Middle East, Asia Pacific and South America. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our ongoing needs and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our partners and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "TENB." 
 Holders of Record 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 18 holders of record. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. In addition, our credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends present in our current and future debt agreements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 The following selected consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 and consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are from our audited financial statements not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should read the following selected financial data with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes to those statements, as well as Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Revenue 683,191 541,130 440,221 354,586 267,360 Cost of revenue (1) 
 154,789 106,396 77,554 60,818 43,167 Gross profit 528,402 434,734 362,667 293,768 224,193 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing (1) 
 349,430 270,158 224,277 228,035 173,344 Research and development (1) 
 143,560 116,432 101,687 87,064 76,698 General and administrative (1) 
 103,227 89,912 73,136 69,468 46,732 Total operating expenses 596,217 476,502 399,100 384,567 296,774 Loss from operations (67,815) (41,768) (36,433) (90,799) (72,581) Interest income 6,284 606 1,740 6,037 2,575 Interest expense (19,001) (7,502) (496) (207) (220) Other expense, net (4,757) (1,965) (1,885) (680) (931) Loss before income taxes (85,289) (50,629) (37,074) (85,649) (71,157) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 6,933 (3,952) 5,657 13,364 2,364 Net loss (92,222) (46,677) (42,731) (99,013) (73,521) Accretion of Series A and B redeemable convertible preferred stock (434) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (92,222) (46,677) (42,731) (99,013) (73,955) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted (2) 
 (0.83) (0.44) (0.42) (1.03) (1.38) Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 111,321 106,387 101,009 96,014 53,669 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Cost of revenue 
 8,369 4,446 3,158 2,817 1,707 Sales and marketing 
 49,383 29,410 19,842 16,032 6,911 Research and development 
 31,499 20,593 14,794 8,911 5,804 General and administrative 
 31,382 24,956 21,779 15,683 8,453 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 120,633 79,405 59,573 43,443 22,875 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 (2) See Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 
 December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Cash and cash equivalents 
 300,866 278,000 178,223 74,363 165,116 Short-term investments 266,569 234,292 113,623 137,904 118,119 Working capital (1) 
 273,007 265,556 108,891 35,319 142,484 Total assets 
 1,439,530 1,248,819 690,589 558,612 460,612 Deferred revenue, current and non-current 
 664,602 530,885 434,510 363,127 289,903 Term loan, net of issuance costs (net of current portion) 361,970 364,728 Accumulated deficit 
 (746,751) (654,529) (607,852) (565,121) (466,108) Total stockholders' equity 
 270,866 215,313 150,665 98,905 121,763 
 _______________ 
 (1) We define working capital as total current assets less total current liabilities. See our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our current assets and current liabilities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Form 10-K. This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, project, will, would or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified herein, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors, set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of exposure management solutions. Exposure management is an effective discipline for managing, measuring and comparing cybersecurity risk in today's complex IT environments. 
 In October 2022, we launched our Tenable One Exposure Management Platform (Tenable One), which unifies a variety of data sources into a single exposure view to help organizations gain visibility, prioritize efforts and communicate cyber risks. Building on our existing products, Tenable One is designed to take advantage of the integrations that already exist with our partners and form the foundation of an exposure management program, alongside the other tools, such as endpoint detection and response (EDR) and firewalls, and required business processes. 
 With Tenable One, organizations can translate technical data about assets, vulnerabilities and threats into clear business insights and actionable intelligence for security executives and practitioners. The platform combines the broadest vulnerability coverage in the industry, spanning IT assets, cloud resources, containers, web apps and identity systems. Tenable One builds on the speed and breadth of vulnerability coverage from Tenable Research and adds aggregated exposure view analytics, guidance on mitigating attack pathways and a centralized asset inventory. 
 Tenable One incorporates Tenable.io, Tenable.io Web Application Scanning, Tenable Lumin Exposure View, Tenable.cs, Tenable.ad and Tenable.asm. All of these products are also offered as standalone solutions, alongside Tenable.sc, Tenable.ot and Nessus. 
 Our platform offerings are primarily sold on a subscription basis with a one-year term. Our subscription terms are generally not longer than three years. These offerings are typically prepaid in advance. To a lesser extent, we recognize revenue ratably from perpetual licenses and from the related ongoing maintenance. 
 We sell and market our products and services through our field sales force that works closely with our channel partners, which includes a network of distributors and resellers, in developing sales opportunities. We use a two-tiered channel model whereby we sell our enterprise platform offerings to our distributors, which in turn sell to our resellers, which then sell to end users, which we call customers. 
 Revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 683.2 million, 541.1 million and 440.2 million, representing year-over-year growth of 26 and 23 , respectively. Our recurring revenue, which includes revenue from subscription arrangements for software (both revenue recognized ratably over the subscription term and upon delivery) and cloud-based solutions and maintenance associated with perpetual licenses, represented 95 of revenue in 2022 and 2021 and 94 of revenue in 2020. Our net loss in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 92.2 million, 46.7 million and 42.7 million, respectively, as we continue to invest in our business and market opportunity. Our cash flows from operating activities were 131.2 million, 96.8 million and 64.2 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Highlights 
 Below are our key financial results: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 
 683,191 541,130 440,221 Loss from operations 
 (67,815) (41,768) (36,433) Net loss 
 (92,222) (46,677) (42,731) Net loss per share, basic and diluted (0.83) (0.44) (0.42) Net cash provided by operating activities 131,151 96,765 64,232 Purchases of property and equipment (9,359) (3,887) (18,882) Capitalized software development costs (9,789) (2,674) (1,395) 
 
 Key Operating and Financial Metrics 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use and monitor the following operating and financial metrics, which include non-GAAP financial measures, to understand and evaluate our core operating and financial performance. 
 Calculated Current Billings 
 We use the non-GAAP measure of calculated current billings, which we believe is a key metric to measure our periodic performance. Given that most of our customers pay in advance, we typically recognize a majority of the related revenue ratably over time. We use calculated current billings to measure and monitor our ability to provide our business with the working capital generated by upfront payments from our customers. 
 Calculated current billings consists of revenue recognized in a period plus the change in current deferred revenue in the corresponding period. We believe that calculated current billings, which excludes deferred revenue for periods beyond twelve months in a customer s contractual term, more closely correlates with annual contract value. Variability in total billings, depending on the timing of large multi-year contracts and the preference for annual billing versus multi-year upfront billing, may distort growth in one period over another. 
 Calculated current billings may vary from period-to-period for a number of reasons, and therefore has a number of limitations as a quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year comparative measure. Calculated current billings in any one period may be impacted by the timing and amount of new sales transactions, the timing and amount of renewal transactions, including early renewals, as well as the timing and amount of multi-year prepaid contracts, all of which could favorably or unfavorably impact quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year comparisons. For example, an increasing number of large sales transactions, for which the timing has and will continue to vary, may occur in quarters subsequent to or in advance of those that we anticipate. Additionally, our calculation of calculated current billings may be different from other companies that report similar financial measures. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider calculated current billings along with revenue and our other GAAP financial results. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of revenue, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to calculated current billings: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 683,191 541,130 440,221 Deferred revenue (current), end of period 502,115 407,498 328,819 Deferred revenue (current), beginning of period (1) 
 (408,443) (331,462) (274,348) Calculated current billings 776,863 617,166 494,692 
 _______________ 
 (1) Deferred revenue (current), beginning of period for 2022 and 2021 includes 0.9 million and 2.6 million, respectively, related to acquired deferred revenue. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We use the non-GAAP measure of free cash flow, which we define as GAAP net cash flows from operating activities reduced by purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity measure of the cash (if any) that is available, after purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs, for investment in our business and to make acquisitions. We believe that free cash flow is useful as a liquidity measure because it measures our ability to generate or use cash. 
 Our use of free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results under GAAP. First, free cash flow is not a substitute for net cash flows from operating activities. Second, other companies may calculate free cash flow or similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of free cash flow as a tool for comparison. Additionally, the utility of free cash flow is further limited as it does not reflect our future contractual commitments and does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for a given period. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider free cash flow along with net cash provided by operating activities and our other GAAP financial measures. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to free cash flow: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 131,151 96,765 64,232 Purchases of property and equipment (9,359) (3,887) (18,882) Capitalized software development costs (1) 
 (9,789) (2,674) (1,395) Free cash flow (2) 
 112,003 90,204 43,955 
 _______________ 
 (1) Capitalized software development costs were previously included in purchases of property and equipment. 
 (2) Free cash flow for the periods presented was impacted by: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Employee stock purchase plan activity 837 (283) 893 Acquisition-related expenses (2,655) (6,464) (738) Costs related to intra-entity asset transfers (838) Tax payment on intra-entity asset transfers (2,697) (2,808) Proceeds from lease incentives 14,199 Capital expenditures related to new headquarters (928) (17,241) 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Free cash flow in 2022 was benefited by approximately 10 million due to prepayments of software subscription costs, insurance and rent in 2021 and 2020. The 2021 prepayments reduced free cash flow by 8 million and were offset by a benefit of approximately 15 million from similar prepayments made in 2020. The 2020 prepayments reduced free cash flow by approximately 17 million. 
 Customer Metrics 
 We believe that our customer base provides a significant opportunity to expand sales of our enterprise platform offerings. The following tables summarize key components of our customer base: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Number of new enterprise platform customers added in period (1)(2) 
 2,078 1,882 1,455 
 _______________ 
 (1) We define an enterprise platform customer as a customer that has licensed Tenable One, Tenable.io, Tenable.cs, Tenable.ad, Tenable.ot or Tenable.sc for an annual amount of 5,000 or greater. New enterprise platform customers represent new customer logos during the periods presented and do not include customer conversions from Nessus Expert to enterprise platforms. 
 (2) The number of new enterprise platform customers added in 2021 includes 95 legacy customers of companies we acquired. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Number of customers with 100,000 and greater in annual contract value at end of period 
 1,420 1,095 837 
 Dollar-Based Net Expansion Rate 
 Our dollar-based net expansion rate reflects both our customer retention and ability to drive additional sales to our existing customers. Our dollar-based net expansion rate has historically fluctuated and is expected to continue to fluctuate on a quarterly basis as a result of a number of factors, including existing customers' satisfaction with our solutions, existing customer retention, the pricing of our solutions, the availability of competing solutions and the pricing thereof, and the timing of customer renewals. In addition, our sales pipeline opportunities vary from quarter to quarter between new customers and expansion from existing customers, and we do not prioritize one over the other to maximize the dollar-based net expansion rate. We generally expect the dollar-based net expansion rate to range from 110 to 120 . 
 Our dollar-based net expansion rate is evaluated on a last twelve months, or LTM, basis, and is calculated as follows: 
 Denominator: To calculate our dollar-based net expansion rate as of the end of a reporting period, we first determine the annual recurring revenue, or ARR, from all active subscriptions (both revenue recognized ratably over the subscription term and upon delivery) and maintenance from perpetual licenses as of the last day of the same reporting period in the prior year. This represents recurring payments that we expect to receive in the next 12-month period from the cohort of customers that existed on the last day of the same reporting period in the prior year. 
 Numerator: We measure the ARR for that same cohort of customers representing all subscriptions and maintenance from perpetual licenses based on customer orders as of the end of the reporting period. 
 We calculate dollar-based net expansion rate by dividing the numerator by the denominator. 
 The following table presents our dollar-based net expansion rate: 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Dollar-based net expansion rate 117 117 110 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We have also utilized an alternative dollar-based net expansion rate to assess our ability to expand sales with existing customers and evaluate the performance of our sales team. This alternative dollar-based net expansion rate is based on the methodology described above, but excludes the annual contract value of prior period multi-year sales from ARR in the numerator and the denominator of the calculation. The multi-year sales excluded from ARR has generally been approximately 13 of the total ARR. This methodology measures net expansion by customers with contracts up for renewal during the period. Applying this methodology would have increased the dollar-based net expansion rate by two to four percentage points at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As the difference between this alternative rate and the dollar-based net expansion rate disclosed above has not differed significantly over the last three years, we no longer include this alternative rate in our internal analysis of the business and will not disclose the impact of the alternative rate in future periods. 
 Non-GAAP Income from Operations and Non-GAAP Operating Margin 
 We use non-GAAP income from operations along with non-GAAP operating margin as key indicators of our financial performance. We define these non-GAAP financial measures as their respective GAAP measures, excluding the effects of stock-based compensation, acquisition-related expenses, costs related to the intra-entity asset transfers resulting from the internal restructuring of legal entities and amortization of acquired intangible assets. Acquisition-related expenses include transaction expenses and costs related to the intercompany transfer of acquired intellectual property. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our core operating results over multiple periods. There are a number of limitations related to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures as compared to GAAP loss from operations and operating margin, including that non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP operating margin exclude stock-based compensation expense, which has been, and will continue to be, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of loss from operations, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to non-GAAP income from operations, and operating margin, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to non-GAAP operating margin: 
 Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Loss from operations (67,815) (41,768) (36,433) Stock-based compensation 120,633 79,405 59,573 Acquisition-related expenses 2,642 6,901 339 Costs related to intra-entity asset transfers (1) 
 838 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 11,372 6,447 2,314 Non-GAAP income from operations 67,670 50,985 25,793 Operating margin (10) (8) (8) Non-GAAP operating margin 10 9 6 
 ________________ 
 (1) The costs related to the intra-entity asset transfers resulted from our internal restructuring of Cymptom. 
 Non-GAAP Net Income and Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share 
 We use non-GAAP net income, which excludes stock-based compensation, acquisition-related expenses and amortization of acquired intangible assets, as well as the related tax impacts, and the tax impact and related costs of intra-entity asset transfers resulting from the internal restructuring of legal entities as well as deferred income tax benefits recognized in connection with acquisitions, to calculate non-GAAP earnings per share. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide important information because they facilitate comparisons of our core operating results over multiple periods. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss and net loss per share, the most comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, to non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net loss (92,222) (46,677) (42,731) Stock-based compensation 120,633 79,405 59,573 Tax impact of stock-based compensation (1) 
 2,103 617 1,299 Acquisition-related expenses (2) 
 2,642 6,901 339 Costs related to intra-entity asset transfers (3) 
 838 Amortization of acquired intangible assets (4) 
 11,372 6,447 2,314 Tax impact of acquisitions (5) 
 (3,703) (10,560) Tax impact of intra-entity asset transfers (6) 
 2,652 2,808 Non-GAAP net income 44,315 38,941 20,794 Net loss per share, diluted (0.83) (0.44) (0.42) Stock-based compensation 1.08 0.75 0.59 Tax impact of stock-based compensation (1) 
 0.02 0.01 0.01 Acquisition-related expenses (2) 
 0.02 0.06 Costs related to intra-entity asset transfers (3) 
 0.01 Amortization of acquired intangible assets (4) 
 0.10 0.06 0.02 Tax impact of acquisitions (5) 
 (0.03) (0.10) Tax impact of intra-entity asset transfers (6) 
 0.03 0.03 Adjustment to diluted earnings per share (7) 
 (0.02) (0.03) (0.01) Non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted 0.38 0.34 0.19 Weighted-average shares used to compute GAAP net loss per share, diluted 111,321 106,387 101,009 Weighted-average shares used to compute non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted 117,534 114,825 109,962 
 ________________ 
 (1) The tax impact of stock-based compensation is based on the tax treatment for the applicable tax jurisdictions. 
 (2) The tax impact of acquisition-related expenses is not material. 
 (3) The costs related to the intra-entity asset transfers resulted from our internal restructuring of Cymptom. 
 (4) The tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangible assets is included in the tax impact of acquisitions. 
 (5) The tax impact of acquisitions in 2022 includes a deferred tax benefit of 1.2 million related to the Alsid acquisition and a reversal of the 2.5 million income tax benefit recognized for GAAP purposes related to the partial release of our valuation allowance associated with the Bit Discovery acquisition. The tax impact of acquisitions in 2021 includes a reversal of the 7.9 million income tax benefit recognized for GAAP purposes related to the partial release of our valuation allowance and a 2.6 million benefit related to Alsid. 
 (6) The tax impact of the intra-entity transfers are related to current tax expense based on the applicable Israeli tax rates resulting from our internal restructuring of Cymptom in 2022 and Indegy in 2021. 
 (7) An adjustment to reconcile GAAP net loss per share, which excludes potentially dilutive shares, to non-GAAP earnings per share, which includes potentially dilutive shares. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from subscription arrangements for our software and cloud-based solutions, perpetual licenses, maintenance associated with perpetual licenses and professional services. 
 Our subscription arrangements generally have annual or multi-year contractual terms to use our software or cloud-based solutions, including ongoing software updates during the contractual period. For software subscriptions that are dependent on ongoing software updates and the ability to identify the latest cybersecurity vulnerabilities, revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription term given the critical utility provided by the ongoing updates that are released through the contract period. When the critical utility of our software does not depend on ongoing updates, we recognize revenue attributable to the license at the time of delivery and the revenue attributable to the maintenance and support ratably over the contract period. 
 Our perpetual licenses are generally sold with one or more years of maintenance, which includes ongoing software updates. Given the critical utility provided by the ongoing software updates and updated ability to identify network vulnerabilities included in maintenance, we combine the perpetual license and the maintenance into a single performance obligation. Perpetual license arrangements generally contain a material right related to the customer s ability to renew maintenance at a price that is less than the initial license fee. We apply a practical alternative to allocating a portion of the transaction price to the material right performance obligation and estimate a hypothetical transaction price which includes fees for expected maintenance renewals based on the estimated economic life of perpetual license contracts. We allocate the transaction price between the cybersecurity subscription provided in the initial contract and the material right related to expected contract renewals based on the hypothetical transaction price. We recognize the amount allocated to the combined license and maintenance performance obligation over the initial contractual period, which is generally one year. We recognize the amount allocated to the material right over the expected maintenance renewal period, which begins at the end of the initial contractual term and is generally four years. We have estimated the five-year economic life of perpetual license contracts based on historical contract attrition, expected renewal periods, the lifecycle of our technology and other factors. This estimate may change over time. 
 Professional services and other revenue is primarily comprised of advisory services and training related to the deployment and optimization of our products. These services do not result in significant customization of our products. Professional services and other revenue is recognized as the services are performed. 
 We have historically experienced, and expect in the future to experience, seasonality in entering into agreements with customers. We typically enter into a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as renewal agreements with existing customers, in the third and fourth quarters of the year. The increase in customer agreements in the third quarter is primarily attributable to U.S. government and related agencies, and the increase in the fourth quarter is primarily attributable to large enterprise account buying patterns typical in the software industry. The ratable nature of our subscription revenue makes this seasonality less apparent in our overall financial results. 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Cost of revenue includes personnel costs related to our technical support group that provides assistance to customers, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation and any severance. Cost of revenue also includes cloud infrastructure costs, the costs related to professional services and training, depreciation, amortization of acquired and developed technology, hardware costs and allocated overhead costs, which consist of information technology and facilities. 
 We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our cloud-based platform and customer support team as we grow our business. The level and timing of investment in these areas could affect our cost of revenue in the future. 
 Gross profit, or revenue less cost of revenue, and gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of revenue, have been and will continue to be affected by various factors, including the timing of our acquisition of new customers and our renewals of and follow-on sales to existing customers, the costs associated with operating our cloud-based platform, the 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 extent to which we expand our customer support team and the extent to which we can increase the efficiency of our technology and infrastructure through technological improvements. 
 We expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars but our gross margin may fluctuate from period to period depending on the interplay of all of these factors, particularly as it relates to cloud infrastructure costs, as we expect revenue from our cloud-based subscriptions to increase as a percentage of revenue. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation and any severance. Operating expenses also include depreciation and amortization as well as allocated overhead costs, including IT and facilities costs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense consists of personnel costs, sales commissions, marketing programs, travel and entertainment, expenses for conferences, meetings and events and allocated overhead costs. We capitalize sales commissions, including related fringe benefit costs, and recognize the expense over an estimated period of benefit, which ranges between three and four years for subscription arrangements and five years for perpetual license arrangements. Sales commissions on contract renewals are capitalized and amortized ratably over the contract term, with the exception of contracts with renewal periods that are one year or less, in which case the incremental costs are expensed as incurred. Sales commissions on professional services arrangements are expensed as incurred as the contractual periods of these arrangements are generally less than one year. 
 We intend to continue to make investments in our sales and marketing teams to increase revenue, further penetrate the market and expand our global customer base. We expect our sales and marketing expense to increase in absolute dollars annually and to be our largest operating expense category for the foreseeable future. However, as our revenue increases, we expect our sales and marketing expense to decrease as a percentage of our revenue over the long term. Our sales and marketing expense may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and extent of these expenses, including sales commissions, which may fluctuate depending on the mix of sales and related expense recognition. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense consists of personnel costs, software used to develop our products, travel and entertainment, consulting and professional fees for third-party development resources as well as allocated overhead. Our research and development expense supports our efforts to continue to add capabilities to our existing products and enable the continued detection of new network vulnerabilities. 
 We expect our research and development expense to continue to increase annually in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development efforts to enhance the functionality of our cloud-based platform. However, we expect our research and development expense to decrease as a percentage of our revenue over the long term, although our research and development expense may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and extent of these expenses. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists of personnel costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources and administrative departments. Additional expenses include travel and entertainment, professional fees, insurance, allocated overhead, and acquisition-related costs. 
 We expect our general and administrative expense to continue to increase annually in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future due to additional costs associated with accounting, compliance, insurance and investor relations as a public company. However, we expect our general and administrative expense to decrease as a percentage of our revenue 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 over the long term, although our general and administrative expense may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and extent of these expenses. 
 Interest Income, Interest Expense and Other Expense, Net 
 Interest income consists of income earned on cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense in connection with our senior secured term loan facility, or Term Loan, unused commitment fees on our senior secured revolving credit facility, or Revolving Credit Facility, and letter of credit fees. Other expense, net consists primarily of foreign currency remeasurement and transaction gains and losses. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of income taxes in all foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business and the related withholding taxes on sales with customers. We have recorded deferred tax assets for which a full valuation allowance has been provided, including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance for the foreseeable future as it is more likely than not that some or all of those deferred tax assets may not be realized based on our history of losses. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 683,191 541,130 440,221 Cost of revenue (1) 
 154,789 106,396 77,554 Gross profit 528,402 434,734 362,667 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing (1) 
 349,430 270,158 224,277 Research and development (1) 
 143,560 116,432 101,687 General and administrative (1) 
 103,227 89,912 73,136 Total operating expenses 596,217 476,502 399,100 Loss from operations (67,815) (41,768) (36,433) Interest income 6,284 606 1,740 Interest expense (19,001) (7,502) (496) Other expense, net (4,757) (1,965) (1,885) Loss before income taxes (85,289) (50,629) (37,074) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 6,933 (3,952) 5,657 Net loss (92,222) (46,677) (42,731) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenue 
 8,369 4,446 3,158 Sales and marketing 
 49,383 29,410 19,842 Research and development 
 31,499 20,593 14,794 General and administrative 
 31,382 24,956 21,779 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 120,633 79,405 59,573 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 The following table presents the increase in revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) Subscription revenue 612,510 476,023 136,487 29 Perpetual license and maintenance revenue 50,699 50,333 366 1 Professional services and other revenue 19,982 14,774 5,208 35 Revenue 683,191 541,130 142,061 26 
 The increase in revenue of 142.1 million included 132.8 million from existing customers as of January 1, 2022 and 9.3 million from new customers. U.S. revenue increased 71.2 million, or 23 . International revenue increased 70.9 million, or 31 . 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) Cost of revenue 154,789 106,396 48,393 45 Gross profit 528,402 434,734 93,668 22 Gross margin 77 80 
 The increase in cost of revenue of 48.4 million was primarily due to: 
 a 24.1 million increase in third-party cloud infrastructure costs; 
 a 13.8 million increase in personnel costs, primarily due to support for cloud-based products and an increase in headcount, including a 3.9 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 4.9 million increase in the amortization of acquired intangible assets; 
 a 2.8 million increase in professional fees; 
 a 0.7 million increase in the cost of goods; 
 a 0.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization; 
 a 0.6 million increase in subscription costs; and 
 a 0.6 million increase in allocated overhead expenses. 
 The amounts above are net of 0.7 million in savings due to the impact of foreign exchange rates. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) Sales and marketing 349,430 270,158 79,272 29 
 The increase in sales and marketing expense of 79.3 million was primarily due to: 
 a 52.5 million increase in personnel costs, related to an increase in headcount, including a 20.0 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 14.2 million increase in sales commissions; 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 a 5.8 million increase in expenses for demand generation programs, including advertising, sponsorships, and brand awareness efforts; 
 a 5.4 million increase in selling expenses, including travel and meeting costs and software subscription costs; and 
 a 1.5 million increase in allocated overhead expenses. 
 The amounts above are net of 3.9 million in savings due to the impact of foreign exchange rates. 
 Research and Development 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) Research and development 143,560 116,432 27,128 23 
 The increase in research and development expense of 27.1 million was primarily due to: 
 a 19.8 million increase in personnel costs, largely associated with an increase in headcount, including a 10.9 million increase in stock-based compensation and is net of a 7.7 million increase in capitalized software development costs; 
 a 3.1 million increase in third-party cloud infrastructure costs; 
 a 2.0 million increase in software subscriptions; 
 a 1.1 million increase in allocated overhead expenses; and 
 a 0.5 million increase in travel and meeting costs. 
 The amounts above are net of 2.4 million in savings due to the impact of foreign exchange rates. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) General and administrative 103,227 89,912 13,315 15 
 The increase in general and administrative expense of 13.3 million was primarily due to: 
 an 11.5 million increase in personnel costs, largely associated with an increase in headcount, including a 6.4 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 1.9 million increase in professional fees; 
 a 0.9 million increase in software subscription costs; 
 a 0.9 million increase in indirect taxes such as VAT or GST; 
 a 0.8 million increase in costs related to intra-entity asset transfers; and 
 a 0.3 million increase in travel and meeting costs; partially offset by 
 a 4.1 million decrease in acquisition-related expenses; and 
 a 0.7 million decrease in allocated overhead expenses. 
 The amounts above are net of 0.7 million in savings due to the impact of foreign exchange rates. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income, Interest Expense and Other Expense, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) Interest income 6,284 606 5,678 937 Interest expense (19,001) (7,502) (11,499) 153 Other expense, net (4,757) (1,965) (2,792) 142 
 The 5.7 million increase in interest income was due to a higher interest rate on an increased amount of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. The 11.5 million increase in interest expense was primarily related to an increase in the variable rate of our Term Loan entered into in July 2021. The 2.8 million increase in other expense, net was primarily due to an increase in foreign exchange losses. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 6,933 (3,952) 10,885 275 
 In 2022, the provision for income taxes included: 
 4.8 million of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business; 
 3.9 million of discrete expenses primarily related to withholding taxes on sales to customers; and 
 2.7 million of current expense from the restructuring of our research and development operations in Israel; partially offset by 
 a 2.5 million benefit from releasing a valuation allowance related to the Bit Discovery acquisition; 
 1.2 million of deferred tax benefits related to the Alsid acquisition; and 
 0.8 million of discrete benefits. 
 In 2021, the benefit for income taxes included: 
 7.9 million of income tax benefits related to the partial release of our valuation allowance associated with the Accurics acquisition; 
 2.9 million of discrete benefits primarily related to a Supreme Court decision in India on the taxability of software license payments to nonresidents and the associated withholding taxes; and 
 a 2.6 million deferred tax benefit related to the Alsid acquisition; partially offset by 
 3.8 million of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business; 
 2.8 million of discrete expenses primarily related to withholding taxes on sales to customers; and 
 2.8 million of current expense from the restructuring of our research and development operations in Israel. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of 2021 and 2020 
 Revenue 
 The following table presents the increase in revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) Subscription revenue 476,023 377,354 98,669 26 Perpetual license and maintenance revenue 50,333 50,594 (261) (1) Professional services and other revenue 14,774 12,273 2,501 20 Revenue 541,130 440,221 100,909 23 
 The increase in revenue of 100.9 million included 93.6 million from existing customers as of January 1, 2021 and 7.3 million from new customers. U.S. revenue increased 46.3 million, or 17 . International revenue increased 54.6 million, or 32 . 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) Cost of revenue 106,396 77,554 28,842 37 Gross profit 434,734 362,667 72,067 20 Gross margin 80 82 
 The increase in cost of revenue of 28.8 million was primarily due to: 
 a 17.8 million increase in third-party cloud infrastructure costs; 
 a 4.1 million increase in the amortization of acquired intangible assets; 
 a 4.0 million increase in personnel costs, primarily due to support for cloud-based products and an increase in headcount, including a 1.3 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 1.2 million increase in professional fees; and 
 a 1.1 million increase in hardware costs; partially offset by 
 a 0.6 million decrease in allocated overhead expenses. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) Sales and marketing 270,158 224,277 45,881 20 
 The increase in sales and marketing expense of 45.9 million was primarily due to: 
 a 23.3 million increase in personnel costs, related to an increase in headcount, including a 9.6 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 10.5 million increase in expenses for demand generation programs, including advertising, sponsorships, and brand awareness efforts; 
 a 10.0 million increase in sales commissions; and 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 a 3.8 million increase in selling expenses, including software subscriptions and training programs; partially offset by 
 a 1.9 million decrease in travel and meeting costs. 
 Research and Development 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) Research and development 116,432 101,687 14,745 15 
 The increase in research and development expense of 14.7 million was primarily due to: 
 a 13.5 million increase in personnel costs, largely associated with an increase in headcount, including a 5.8 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 2.1 million increase in third-party cloud infrastructure costs; and 
 a 0.6 million increase in software subscriptions; partially offset by 
 a 1.0 million decrease in travel and meeting costs; 
 a 0.5 million decrease in allocated overhead; and 
 a 0.5 million decrease in depreciation. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) General and administrative 89,912 73,136 16,776 23 
 The increase in general and administrative expense of 16.8 million was primarily due to: 
 a 7.5 million increase in personnel costs, largely associated with an increase in headcount, including a 3.2 million increase in stock-based compensation; 
 a 6.3 million increase in acquisition-related expenses; 
 a 2.0 million increase in professional fees; and 
 a 1.0 million increase in depreciation and amortization. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income, Interest Expense and Other Expense, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) Interest income 606 1,740 (1,134) (65) Interest expense (7,502) (496) (7,006) 1,413 Other expense, net (1,965) (1,885) (80) 4 
 The 1.1 million decrease in interest income was due to lower returns on our short-term investments in 2021. The 7.0 million increase in interest expense was primarily related to interest expense for our Term Loan entered into in July 2021. The 0.1 million increase in other expense, net was primarily due to an increase in foreign exchange losses. 
 (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 ) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes (3,952) 5,657 (9,609) (170) 
 In 2021, the benefit for income taxes included: 
 7.9 million of income tax benefits related to the partial release of our valuation allowance associated with the Accurics acquisition; 
 2.9 million of discrete benefits primarily related to a Supreme Court decision in India on the taxability of software license payments to nonresidents and the associated withholding taxes; and 
 a 2.6 million deferred tax benefit related to the Alsid acquisition; partially offset by 
 3.8 million of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business; 
 2.8 million of discrete expenses primarily related to withholding taxes on sales to customers; and 
 2.8 million of current expense from the restructuring of our research and development operations in Israel. 
 In 2020, the provision for income taxes included: 
 4.0 million of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business; and 
 1.7 million of discrete expenses primarily related to withholding taxes on sales to customers. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 300.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, which consisted of bank deposits and money market funds, and 266.6 million of short-term investments, which consisted of commercial paper, asset backed securities, certificates of deposit, U.S. Treasury and agency obligations, and corporate and supranational bonds. 
 Since our inception, we have primarily financed our operations through cash provided by operations, including payments received from customers using our software products and services. Prior to our IPO, we did not raise any primary institutional capital, and the proceeds of our Series A and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock financings were used to repurchase shares of capital stock from former stockholders. We have generated significant operating losses, as reflected by our accumulated deficit of 746.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 We typically invoice our customers annually in advance and, to a lesser extent, multi-years in advance. Therefore, a substantial source of our cash is from such prepayments, which are included in deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets. Deferred revenue consists primarily of the unearned portion of billed fees for our subscriptions and perpetual licenses, which is subsequently recognized as revenue in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. At December 31, 2022, we had deferred revenue of 664.6 million, of which 502.1 million was recorded as a current liability and is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our principal uses of cash in recent periods have been funding our operations, expansion of our sales and marketing and research and development activities, investments in infrastructure, including the build-out of our new headquarters, and acquiring complementary businesses and technology. We paid 66.8 million and 258.5 million to acquire businesses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in other complementary businesses, services and technologies, including intellectual property rights. 
 We expect to continue incurring operating losses in the near term. Even though we generated positive cash flows from operations and free cash flow in 2022, 2021 and 2020, we may not be able to sustain these cash flows. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operating and capital needs for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth rate, subscription renewal activity, the timing and extent of spending to support further infrastructure and research and development efforts, the timing and extent of additional capital expenditures to invest in new and existing office spaces, the expansion of sales and marketing and international operating activities, any acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies, the timing of our introduction of new product capabilities and enhancements of our platform and the continuing market acceptance of our platform. It may be necessary to seek additional equity or debt financing to fund our operating and capital needs. In the event that financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility 
 In July 2021, we entered into a credit agreement, or the Credit Agreement, which is comprised of a 375.0 million Term Loan and a 50.0 million Revolving Credit Facility, with a 15.0 million letter of credit sublimit. The Term Loan bears variable interest at a rate of 2.75 per annum over LIBOR, subject to a 0.50 floor. Prior to January 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loan was 3.25 . From January 2022 through July 2022, July 2022 through October 2022, and October 2022 through January 2023, interest rates on our Term Loan were 3.27 , 5.56 and 7.16 , respectively. Effective January 31, 2023 through April 27, 2023, the Term Loan has an interest rate of 7.58 . The Term Loan is being amortized at 1 per annum in equal quarterly installments until the final payment of 350.6 million on the July 7, 2028 maturity date. We may be subject to mandatory Term Loan prepayments related to the excess cash provisions in the Credit Agreement beginning in 2023. The prepayments related to excess cash flow provisions apply if our first lien net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) exceeds 3.5, and at December 31, 2022, our first lien net leverage ratio was below that threshold. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a rate, depending on first lien net leverage, ranging from 2.00 to 2.50 over LIBOR and matures on July 7, 2026. We pay a commitment fee during the term ranging from 0.25 to 0.375 per annum of the average daily undrawn portion of the revolving commitments based on the first lien net leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants. Additionally, if at least 35 of the Revolving Credit Facility is drawn on the last day of the quarter, the total net leverage ratio cannot be greater than 5.50 to 1.00. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants and at December 31, 2022, we had 0.2 million of standby letters of credit outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 131,151 96,765 64,232 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (128,039) (391,590) 4,079 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 23,318 397,646 36,403 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (3,835) (3,013) (916) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 22,595 99,808 103,798 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Our largest source of cash provided by operating activities is cash collections from sales of our products and services, as we typically invoice our customers in advance. Our primary uses of cash are employee compensation costs, third-party cloud infrastructure and other software subscription costs, demand generation expenditures and general corporate costs. 
 Investing Activities 
 From 2021 to 2022, net cash used in investing activities decreased by 263.6 million, primarily due to a decrease in cash paid for acquisitions of 191.7 million and a net decrease in cash paid for short-term investments of 89.4 million in 2022, partially offset by an increase in capitalized software development costs of 7.1 million, an increase in purchases of property and equipment of 5.5 million and an increase in cash paid for other investments of 5.0 million. 
 From 2020 to 2021, net cash used in investing activities increased by 395.7 million, primarily due to an increase in cash paid for acquisitions of 258.2 million, a net increase in cash paid for short-term investments of 146.2 million, a 5.0 million other investment in 2021 and an increase in capitalized software development costs of 1.3 million, partially offset by a decrease in purchases of property and equipment of 15.0 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 From 2021 to 2022, net cash provided by financing activities decreased by 374.3 million, primarily due to the net proceeds from the issuance of our Credit Facility in 2021 of 365.7 million, a decrease of 6.5 million in the proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 3.8 million of principal payments made on our Term Loan in 2022, partially offset by a 1.1 million increase in proceeds from stock issued in connection with our employee stock purchase plan. 
 From 2020 to 2021, net cash provided by financing activities increased by 361.2 million, primarily due to net proceeds from our Credit Facility of 365.7 million. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of 3.4 million in the proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 2.0 million of loan proceeds that we received from the state of Maryland in 2020. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have certain contractual obligations for future payments. Refer to Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our required operating lease payments and Note 9 for our required payments to Amazon Web Services, Inc. for cloud services. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had other non-cancellable purchase obligations of 15.3 million due in the next twelve months and 9.0 million due thereafter. Additionally, we had 7.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits and 1.4 million of asset retirement obligations, the timing of payments for which is uncertain. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, as well as related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In recognizing revenue, we apply the following steps: 
 Identify the contract with a customer 
 Identify the performance obligations in the contract 
 Determine the transaction price 
 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
 Recognize revenue when or as performance obligations are satisfied 
 In situations where we enter into a contractual arrangement that includes non-standard terms and conditions, such as acceptance provisions and options to purchase additional products and services, as well as contract modifications, we apply judgment in identifying and assessing the impact on revenue recognition. 
 We generate revenue from subscription arrangements for our software and cloud-based solutions, perpetual licenses, maintenance associated with perpetual licenses and professional services and other revenue. 
 Subscription Revenue 
 Our subscription arrangements generally have annual or multi-year contractual terms and allow customers to use our software or cloud solutions. For our software subscriptions that are dependent on ongoing software updates and the ability to identify the latest cybersecurity vulnerabilities, revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription term given the critical utility provided by the ongoing updates that are released throughout the contract period. When the critical utility of our software does not depend on ongoing updates, we recognize revenue attributable to the license at the time of delivery and the revenue attributable to the maintenance and support ratably over the contract period. 
 Perpetual License and Maintenance Revenue 
 Our perpetual licenses are generally sold with one or more years of maintenance, which include ongoing software updates and the ongoing ability to identify the latest cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Given the critical utility provided by the ongoing software updates and updated ability to identify network vulnerabilities included in maintenance, we combine the perpetual license and the maintenance into a single performance obligation. Perpetual license arrangements generally contain a material right related to the customer s ability to renew maintenance at a price that is less than the initial license fee. We apply a practical alternative to allocating a portion of the transaction price to the material right performance obligation and estimate a hypothetical transaction price which includes fees for expected maintenance renewals based on the estimated economic life of the perpetual license contracts. We allocate the transaction price between the cybersecurity subscription provided in the initial contract and the material right related to expected contract renewals based on the hypothetical transaction price. We recognize the amount allocated to the combined license and maintenance performance obligation over the initial contractual period, which is generally one year. We recognize the amount allocated to the material right over the expected maintenance renewal period, which begins at the end of the initial contractual term and is generally four years. We have estimated the five-year economic life of perpetual license contracts based on historical contract attrition, expected renewal periods, the lifecycle of the our technology and other factors. While we believe that the estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results. 
 Professional Services and Other Revenue 
 Professional services and other revenue is primarily comprised of advisory services and training related to the deployment and optimization of our products. These services do not result in significant customization of our products. Professional services and other revenue is recognized as the services are performed. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 In cases where our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations, the contract transaction price is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis. We typically determine standalone selling price based on observable selling prices of our products and services. 
 Variable Consideration 
 We record revenue from sales at the net sales price, which is the transaction price, including estimates of variable consideration when applicable. Certain of our customers may be entitled to receive credits and in certain circumstances, refunds, if service level commitments are not met. We have not historically experienced significant incidents affecting the ability to meet these service level commitments and any estimated refunds related to these agreements have not been material. 
 Sales through our channel partner network of distributors and resellers are generally discounted as compared to the price that we would sell to an end user. Revenue for sales through our channel network, which is fixed, is recorded net of any distributor or reseller margin. 
 Deferred Commissions 
 Sales commissions, including related incremental fringe benefit costs, are considered to be incremental costs of obtaining a contract, and therefore are deferred over an estimated period of benefit, which ranges between three and four years for subscription arrangements and five years for perpetual license arrangements. We have estimated the period of benefit based on the expected contract term including renewal periods, the lifecycle of our technology and other factors. Sales commissions on contract renewals are capitalized and amortized ratably over the contract term, with the exception of contracts with renewal periods that are one year or less, in which case the incremental costs are expensed as incurred. While we believe that the estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, or RSUs, and purchase rights issued under our 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 2018 ESPP, is calculated based on the fair value of the awards granted and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally two to four years. Our performance stock units, or PSUs, vest over a period of 4 years and are subject to defined performance and service conditions. Our PSUs and RSUs that include performance-based vesting conditions are expensed using the accelerated attribution method. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 The fair value of our RSUs and PSUs is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. Estimating the fair value of stock options and purchase rights under the 2018 ESPP using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires assumptions as to the fair value of our underlying common stock, the estimated term of the option, the risk free interest rates, the expected volatility of the price of our common stock and the expected dividend yield. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the option awards reflect our best estimates. If any of the assumptions change significantly, stock-based compensation for future awards may differ significantly compared with the awards granted previously. 
 The assumptions and estimates are as follows: 
 Fair Value of Common Stock. See Valuations discussion below. 
 Expected Term. This is the period of time that the options granted are expected to remain unexercised. We used the simplified method to calculate the average expected term for stock options. We use the actual purchase periods as the expected term in the 2018 ESPP. 
 Volatility. This is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable, such as a share price, has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. In 2021, we began using the volatility of our common stock to calculate expected volatility. Prior to 2021, we identified several public entities of 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 similar size, complexity and stage of development and estimated our volatility based on the volatility of the common stock of these companies. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. This is the U.S. Treasury rate, having a term that most closely resembles the expected life of the stock option. 
 Dividend Yield . We have not and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 Valuations 
 Following our IPO, we use the market price of our common stock at the date of grant as the fair value. Prior to our IPO, the lack of an active public market for our common stock required our Board of Directors to exercise reasonable judgment and consider a number of factors in order to make the best estimate of fair value of our common stock, in accordance with the technical practice-aid issued by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid entitled Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . Factors considered in connection with estimating the fair value of our common stock underlying our award of restricted stock and stock option awards when performing the fair value calculations with the Black-Scholes option-pricing model included: 
 The results of independent third-party valuations of our common stock 
 Recent arm s length transactions involving the sale or transfer of our common stock 
 The rights, preferences and privileges of our Series A and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock 
 Our historical financial results and future financial projections 
 The market value of equity interests in substantially similar businesses, which equity interests can be valued through nondiscretionary, objective means 
 The lack of marketability of our common stock 
 The likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an IPO given prevailing market conditions 
 Industry outlook 
 General economic outlook including economic growth, inflation and unemployment, interest rate environment and global economic trends 
 As described above, the exercise price of our stock option awards was determined by our Board of Directors, with input from management, taking into account the factors described above, using a combination of valuation methodologies with varying weighting applied to each methodology as of the grant date. 
 Application of these approaches involved the use of estimates, judgment and assumptions that were highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding our expected future revenue, expenses and future cash flows, discount rates, market multiples, the selection of comparable companies and the probability of possible future events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between those assumptions would have impacted our valuations as of each valuation date and may have had a material impact on the valuation of our common stock. 
 The fair value of the 2018 ESPP purchase rights were estimated on the offering or modification dates based on the following assumptions: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Expected term (in years) 0.5 2.0 
 0.5 2.0 
 0.5 2.0 
 Expected volatility 42.8 61.0 
 37.2 59.4 
 41.6 60.1 
 Risk-free interest rate 0.1 3.4 
 0.1 0.2 
 0.1 0.9 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations by recognizing the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities. The excess 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 purchase consideration over the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, a non-recurring Level 3 fair value measurement, we make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets such as identified acquired technology and trade names. We generally determine the fair value of acquired technology using the multi-period excess earnings method, a form of the income approach. Estimates in valuing identifiable intangible assets include, but are not limited to, projected revenue growth rates, obsolescence projections and an appropriate discount rate. Our estimate of fair value is based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, we may make adjustments to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with offsetting adjustments to goodwill. Any adjustments made after the measurement period will be reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Goodwill 
 The excess purchase consideration over the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. We perform our annual impairment assessment on October 1, or more frequently, when events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. We operate as one reporting unit and have elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company as a whole is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment includes an evaluation of relevant events and circumstances, including macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, our overall financial performance, and trends in the value of our common stock. During the periods presented, there were no indications of impairment and it was not more likely than not that goodwill was impaired. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to federal, state and local taxes in the United States as well as numerous international jurisdictions. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than the United States. Earnings generated by our international entities are related to transfer pricing requirements as applicable under local jurisdiction tax laws. 
 We record a provision for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. A valuation allowance is provided if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have valuation allowances in all jurisdictions against deferred tax assets net of deferred tax liabilities that will reverse and provide a source of taxable income. Our evaluation of valuation allowances could change in the future and the impact could have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 We recognize tax benefits from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. Interest and penalties associated with such uncertain tax positions are classified as a component of income tax expense. 
 Depending on the jurisdiction, distributions of earnings could be subject to withholding taxes at rates applicable to the distributing jurisdiction. As we intend to continue to reinvest the earnings of foreign subsidiaries indefinitely, we have not provided for a U.S. income tax liability and foreign withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange and inflation risks. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 300.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, which consisted of cash deposits and money market funds. We also had 266.6 million of short-term investments, which consisted of commercial paper, asset backed securities, certificates of deposit, U.S. treasury and agency securities and corporate and supranational bonds. Our investments are carried at their fair market values with cumulative unrealized gains or losses recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income within stockholders' equity. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital, the fulfillment of liquidity needs and the fiduciary control of cash and investments. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk; however, a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial statements. 
 In July 2021, we entered into the Credit Agreement comprised of a 375.0 million Term Loan and a 50.0 million Revolving Credit Facility. Prior to January 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loan was 3.25 (2.75 plus 0.50 LIBOR floor). From January 2022 through July 2022, July 2022 through October 2022, and October 2022 through January 2023, interest rates on our Term Loan were 3.27 , 5.56 and 7.16 , respectively. Effective January 31, 2023 through April 27, 2023, the Term Loan has a variable interest rate of 7.58 . A one percentage point increase in the rate would increase 2023 interest expense by 2.5 million. 
 Because the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced the desire to phase out the use of LIBOR by the middle of 2023, our borrowings in the second half of 2023 may be subject to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, under the terms our Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Substantially all of our sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, with a limited number of contracts denominated in foreign currencies, including foreign denominated leases. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States, denominated in foreign currencies and subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, British Pound, Australian dollar, Israeli New Shekel and Indian Rupee. In 2022, the U.S. dollar strengthened compared to other currencies, which likely negatively impacted our international sales growth and lowered certain international operating expenses. Further strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies could result in lower international sales as our products would seem more expensive and could result in lower international operating costs as the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for all of our international subsidiaries. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize remeasurement and transaction gains (losses) in our consolidated statements of operations. As the impact of foreign currency exchange rates has not been material to our historical operating results, we have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions, but we may do so in the future if our exposure to foreign currencies becomes more significant. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition through December 31, 2022. However, if our costs, specifically employee-related and third-party cloud infrastructure costs, were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs, and our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 68 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 75 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 
 1. Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 76 
 2. Revenue 
 82 
 3. Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments 
 83 
 4. Fair Value Measurements 
 84 
 5. Property and Equipment, Net 
 85 
 6. Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 85 
 7. Leases 
 87 
 8. Debt 
 88 
 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 89 
 10. Stock-Based Compensation 
 90 
 11. Income Taxes 
 93 
 12. Net Loss Per Share 
 95 
 13. Geographic Information 
 96 
 14. Benefit Plans 
 96 

67 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tenable Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition Identification and Evaluation of Contracts with Non-Standard Terms and Conditions 
 Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, management enters into certain contracts with customers, including software subscription arrangements and perpetual licenses with related maintenance, with non-standard terms and conditions. 
 Performing procedures relating to the identification and evaluation of non-standard terms and conditions in contracts is a critical audit matter because there is a significant amount of judgment required by management in identifying and evaluating non-standard terms and conditions and determining the impact of such terms and conditions on the amount and timing of revenue recognition. Accordingly, there is significant auditor judgment and significant audit effort in performing our audit procedures to evaluate whether non-standard terms and conditions in contracts were appropriately identified and evaluated by management. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for identifying and evaluating contracts with non-standard terms and conditions. These procedures also included, among others, on a sample basis (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of management s identification of contracts with non-standard terms and conditions and (ii) testing management s determination of the impact of non-standard terms and conditions on the amount and timing of revenue recognition. 
 Valuation of Acquired Developed Technology Intangible Assets 
 Description of the Matter As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed acquisitions for 66.8 million, in the aggregate, in cash. The Company s accounting for the acquisitions included determining the fair value of certain acquired intangible assets using an income approach including developed technology with a determined fair value of 11.0 million. Auditing the accounting for the valuation of the acquired intangible assets using an income approach involved complex auditor judgment due to the estimation required in management s determination of the fair values. The estimation was significant primarily due to the sensitivity of the fair value of the developed technology using an income approach to the underlying assumptions, including the projected revenue growth rates and the obsolescence factor. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for accounting for the valuation of the acquired intangible assets using an income approach. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the valuation models and significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of the acquired developed technology intangible assets as well as controls over the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the models and assumptions. To test the fair value of the acquired developed technology, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of valuation methodologies, evaluating the significant assumptions, evaluating the significant aspects of prospective financial information and testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in testing the valuation of the acquired intangible asset. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to current industry and market trends and to other relevant factors. We also performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value resulting from changes in the assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Tenable Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Tenable Holdings, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Tenable Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments 
 Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Deferred commissions Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Deferred commissions (net of current portion) Operating lease right-of-use assets Acquired intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue (net of current portion) Term loan, net of issuance costs (net of current portion) Operating lease liabilities (net of current portion) Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock (par value: ; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 
 Cost of revenue 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Sales and marketing 
 Research and development 
 General and administrative 
 Total operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Stockholders' (in thousands) Shares Amount Capital (Loss) Income Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred income taxes ) ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue Other current and noncurrent liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment 
 ) ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Sales and maturities of short-term investments Purchases of other investments ) ) Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on term loan ) Proceeds from term loan Credit facility issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from stock issued in connection with the employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Other financing activities ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Supplemental cash flow information related to leases: Cash payments for operating leases 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included as a component of other expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 . We recognize the amount allocated to the material right over the expected maintenance renewal period, which begins at the end of the initial contractual term and is generally . We have estimated the economic life of perpetual license contracts based on historical contract attrition, expected renewal periods, the lifecycle of the our technology and other factors. While we believe that the estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results. 
 Professional Services and Other Revenue 
 Professional services and other revenue is primarily comprised of advisory services and training related to the deployment and optimization of our products. These services do not result in significant customization of our products. Professional services and other revenue is recognized as the services are performed. 
 Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 In cases where our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations, the contract transaction price is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis. We typically determine standalone selling price based on observable selling prices of our products and services. 
 Variable Consideration 
 We record revenue from sales at the net sales price, which is the transaction price, including estimates of variable consideration when applicable. Certain of our customers may be entitled to receive credits and in limited circumstances, refunds, if service level commitments are not met. We have not historically experienced significant incidents affecting the ability to meet these service level commitments and any estimated refunds related to these agreements have not been material. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

million of restricted cash primarily related to collateral for our outstanding letters of credit. At December 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents excluded million of restricted cash, which is related to an account established as collateral for a lease arrangement and is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 million and million, respectively, which are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. No material events impacted the carrying value of our SAFE investments in 2022 or 2021. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 for subscription arrangements and for perpetual license arrangements. We estimated the period of benefit based on the expected contract term including renewal periods, the lifecycle of our technology, and other factors. Sales commissions on contract renewals are capitalized and amortized ratably over the contract term as part of sales and marketing expense, with the exception of contracts with renewal periods that are one year or less, in which case the incremental costs are expensed as incurred. 
 for computer software and equipment and for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the respective leases. Property and equipment, net includes right-of-use assets acquired under finance leases. Amortization of assets acquired under finance leases is included in depreciation expense. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 reporting unit and have elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company as a whole is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment includes an evaluation of relevant events and circumstances, including macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, our overall financial performance, and trends in the value of our common stock. During the periods presented, there were no indications of impairment and it was not more likely than not that goodwill was impaired. 
 Common Stock 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorized shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. There were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The voting, dividend, and liquidation rights of common stockholders are subject to, and qualified by, the rights of preferred stockholders. The common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if, declared by the Board of Directors, subject to preferential dividend rights of preferred stockholders. Upon dissolution or liquidation, our common stockholders will be entitled to receive all assets available for distribution to stockholders, subject to any preferential rights of preferred stockholders. 
 
 We incurred advertising costs of million in 2022 and 2021 and million in 2020, which are included in sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we capitalized million, million and million, respectively, of development costs related to internal use software, including capitalized stock-based compensation of million in 2022 and million in 2021 and 2020. 
 . Our performance stock units ("PSUs") vest over a period of years and are subject to defined performance and service conditions. Our PSUs and RSUs that include performance-based vesting conditions are expensed using the accelerated attribution method. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 The fair value of RSUs and PSUs is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of stock options and 2018 ESPP purchase rights is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires us to make assumptions and judgments, including the expected term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rates. Following our IPO, we use the market price of our common stock at the date of grant. Prior to our IPO, we estimated the fair value of our common stock at the date of grant. 
 operating segment as our chief executive officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 Perpetual license and maintenance revenue Professional services and other revenue Revenue 
 Concentrations 
 We sell and market our products and services through our field sales force that works closely with our channel partners, which includes a network of distributors and resellers, in developing sales opportunities. We use a two-tiered channel model whereby we sell our products and services to our distributors, which in turn sell to resellers, which then sell to end users. Revenue derived through our channel network comprised of revenue in 2022 and 2021 and of revenue in 2020. One of our distributors accounted for , and of revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. That same distributor accounted for and of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contract Balances 
 We generally bill our customers in advance and accounts receivable are recorded when we have the right to invoice the customer. Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include customer billings and payments received in advance of performance under the contract. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized revenue of million, million and million, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of each of the respective periods. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, the future estimated revenue related to unsatisfied performance obligations was million, of which approximately is expected to be recognized as revenue over the succeeding , and the remainder is expected to be recognized over the thereafter. 
 Deferred Commissions 
 Capitalization of contract acquisition costs Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) Ending balance 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Total cash equivalents Short-term investments Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) Asset backed securities ) Certificates of deposit Supranational bonds ) U.S. Treasury and agency obligations ) Total short-term investments ) 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gain Unrealized Loss Estimated Fair Value Cash equivalents Money market funds Total cash equivalents Short-term investments Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) Asset backed securities ) Certificates of deposit ) Supranational bonds ) U.S. Treasury and agency obligations ) Total short-term investments ) 
 We considered the extent to which any unrealized losses on our short-term investments were driven by credit risk and other factors, including market risk, and if it is more-likely-than-not that we would have to sell the security before the recovery of the amortized cost basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our unrealized losses were due to rising market interest rates compared to when the investments were initiated. We do not believe any unrealized losses represent credit losses, and it is unlikely we would sell the investments before we would recover their amortized cost basis. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Due between one and four years Total short-term investments 
 
 4. 
 Total cash equivalents Short-term investments Commercial paper Corporate bonds Asset backed securities Certificates of deposit Supranational bonds U.S. Treasury and agency obligations Total short-term investments 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Total cash equivalents Short-term investments Commercial paper Corporate bonds Asset backed securities Certificates of deposit Supranational bonds U.S. Treasury and agency obligations Total short-term investments 
 We did not have any liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 5. 
 Internally developed software Furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Right-of-use assets under finance leases 
 Total 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization related to property and equipment was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 of Bit Discovery's equity for million in cash, net of cash acquired of million, through a share purchase agreement. 
 In February 2022, we acquired Cymptom, a platform that proactively measures, maps and prioritizes probable attack paths, and enables security teams to preemptively focus response ahead of and during breaches. Through a share purchase agreement, we acquired of Cymptom's equity in exchange for cash consideration, net of cash acquired, for million. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 of the equity in exchange for cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million. 
 In April 2021, we acquired Alsid, which expanded our product offerings to include active directory security. Active directory is the basis for managing user permissions across on-premises and hybrid cloud deployments and is foundational to the security of cloud workloads, security remote work, and adopting zero trust architectures. Through a share purchase agreement, we acquired of Alsid's equity in exchange for cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million. 
 Goodwill Other liabilities, net ) ) ) ) Deferred tax (liabilities) assets, net ) ) ) Total purchase price allocation 
 We are still finalizing the allocations of the purchase price, which may change as additional information becomes available related to income taxes for Bit Discovery. 
 years years years years Trade name years year year Acquired intangible assets 
 The results of operations of Accurics, Alsid, Bit Discovery and Cymptom are included in our consolidated statements of operations from the applicable acquisition dates and were not material. Pro forma results of operations are not presented as they are not material to the consolidated statements of operations. 
 We recognized acquisition-related transaction costs, primarily in general and administrative expense, of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 
 Acquired goodwill Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The excess purchase consideration over the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. The acquired goodwill reflects the synergies we expect from marketing and selling these new capabilities from Accurics, Alsid, Bit Discovery and Cymptom to our customers. The acquired goodwill is not tax deductible. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Trade name ) ) ) ) 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, our acquired intangible assets are expected to be amortized over an estimated weighted average period of years. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total 

7. 
 to just over , some of which include or more options to renew, with renewal terms up to and some of which include options to terminate the leases within the next one to . The ROU assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 assume we exercise the option to early terminate one of our leases in 2025. 
 
 Rent expense for short-term leases and finance lease costs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were not material. 
 years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not obtain any right-of-use assets in exchange for finance lease liabilities. 
 In 2020, we received proceeds from lease incentives of million. The proceeds from lease incentives received are included with the change in the lease liabilities under the other current and noncurrent liabilities caption in the operating activities section of the statement of cash flows. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Less: Imputed interest 
 ) Total 

8. 
 million senior secured term loan facility ("Term Loan"); and 
 a million senior secured revolving credit facility ("Revolving Credit Facility"). 
 Less: Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) Term loan, net of issuance costs Less: Term loan, net, current (1) 
 ) Term loan, net of issuance costs (net of current portion) _______________ 
 (1) Term loan, net, current is included in other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Term Loan bears interest at a rate of per annum over LIBOR, subject to a floor. The Term Loan is being amortized at per annum in equal quarterly installments until the final payment of million on the July 7, 2028 maturity date. 
 Our Term Loan is recorded at its carrying value. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our Term Loan was approximately million. In the fair value hierarchy, our Term Loan is classified as Level 2 as it is traded in less active markets. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 We may be subject to mandatory Term Loan prepayments related to the excess cash flow provisions beginning in 2023. These prepayments would only be required if our first lien net leverage ratio (as defined in our Credit Agreement) exceeds , and at December 31, 2022, our first lien net leverage ratio was below that threshold. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a rate, depending on first lien net leverage, ranging from to over LIBOR and matures on July 7, 2026. Additionally, we pay a commitment fee during the term ranging from to per annum of the average daily undrawn portion of the revolving commitments based on the first lien net leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Facility contains a million letter of credit sublimit. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary events of default, which include failure to make payments when due, the material inaccuracy of representations or warranties, failure to observe or perform certain covenants, cross-defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency-related events, certain judgments, certain ERISA-related events, failure of any lien created under the Security Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to be valid and perfected (subject to certain exceptions), failure of any material guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to be in full force and effect and a Change of Control (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 The Credit Agreement is guaranteed by the Company and Tenable Public Sector LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, as guarantors, and is supported by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of Tenable, Inc. and the guarantors. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including certain restrictions on incurring additional indebtedness or guaranteeing indebtedness of others, creating liens on properties or assets, making certain investments, loans, advances and guarantees, selling assets, making certain restricted payments and entering into certain sale and leaseback transactions, affiliate transactions, restrictive agreements and asset and stock-based transactions. Additionally, if at least of the Revolving Credit Facility is drawn on the last day of the quarter, the total net leverage ratio cannot be greater than to 1.00. At December 31, 2022, we had million of standby letters of credit outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility related to one of our operating leases. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 9. 
 million, million and million in contract years one, two and three, respectively, for a total of million. If we do not meet the minimum purchase obligation during any of those years, we will be required to pay the difference. We met our commitment for the first year of our contract with AWS, and as of December 31, 2022, we have spent million of our second year commitment. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 million of standby letters of credit related to our grant agreements with the State of Maryland and our operating leases. Collateral for million of our letters of credit was classified as restricted cash in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 10. 
 million shares of our common stock. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for grant. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Research and development 
 General and administrative 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 

At December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over an estimated weighted average remaining period of years. 
 At December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested PSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over an estimated remaining weighted average period of years. 
 At December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to our 2018 ESPP was million, which is expected to be recognized over an estimated weighted average period of years. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) ) Forfeited 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2020 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) ) Forfeited 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2021 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 Stock Options 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited/canceled 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited/canceled 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited/canceled 
 ) Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, there were million stock options outstanding that were vested and expected to vest. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 , generally vest over a period of three to , and the exercise price cannot be less than the fair market value on the date of grant. 
 Estimating the fair value of stock options and ESPP purchase rights using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires assumptions as to the fair value of common stock, expected term, expected volatility, the risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend yield. 
 Fair Value of Common Stock. Following our IPO, we use the market price of our common stock at the date of grant. Prior to our IPO, the lack of an active public market for our common stock required an estimate of the fair value of the common stock for granting stock options and restricted shares, and for determining stock-based compensation expense. Contemporaneous third-party valuations were obtained to assist in determining the fair value of our common stock. The contemporaneous valuations were performed in accordance with applicable methodologies, approaches and assumptions of the technical practice-aid issued by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid entitled Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 
 Expected Term. This is the period of time that the options granted are expected to remain unexercised. We used the simplified method to calculate the average expected term for stock options. We use the actual purchase periods as the expected term in the 2018 ESPP. 
 Expected Volatility. Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable, such as a share price, has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. In 2021, we began using the volatility of our common stock to calculate expected volatility. Prior to 2021, we identified several public entities of similar size, complexity, and stage of development and estimated our volatility based on the volatility of the common stock of these companies. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. This is the U.S. Treasury rate, having a term that most closely resembles the expected life of the stock option. 
 Expected Dividend Yield. We have never declared or paid dividends and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 
 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In 2018, our Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our 2018 ESPP. Under the evergreen provision, in January 2022 we reserved an additional million shares of our common stock for issuance. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 ESPP. 
 Under our 2018 ESPP, employees may set aside up to of their gross earnings, on an after-tax basis, to purchase our common stock at a discounted price, which is calculated at of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first day of an offering or on the date of purchase. The 2018 ESPP permits offerings up to months in duration, with one or more purchase periods in each offering. Additionally, in cases where the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the first day of a new purchase period within an offering is less than or equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock at the beginning of the offering, that offering will be terminated and participants will be automatically enrolled in a new offering with a new 24-month duration and purchase periods every six months. 
 In 2022, employees purchased shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of per share, resulting in million of cash proceeds. 
 In 2021, employees purchased shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of per share resulting in million of cash proceeds. 
 In 2020, employees purchased shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of per share resulting in million of cash proceeds. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of employee contributions to the 2018 ESPP included in accrued compensation. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 
 
 11.) ) ) Foreign loss ) ) ) Total loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 State Foreign Total current tax expense Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) Total provision (benefit) for income taxes ) 
 In connection with the 2022 acquisition of Bit Discovery, we elected to first offset our existing deferred tax assets with acquired deferred tax liabilities. This resulted in releasing million of the federal and state valuation allowance, which was recorded as a component of our deferred tax benefit. 
 In connection with the 2021 acquisition of Accurics, we elected to first offset our existing deferred tax assets with acquired deferred tax liabilities. This resulted in releasing million of the federal and state valuation allowance, which was recorded as a component of our deferred tax benefit. 
 In 2022 and 2021, we restructured our operations in Israel through intercompany transactions, which resulted in million and million, respectively, of current tax expense. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 State and local taxes Research and development tax credit Stock-based compensation Foreign tax rate differential ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Gain on intercompany sale ) ) Foreign withholding tax ) ) ) Foreign deferred FX remeasurement ) Transaction costs ) ) Other ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 We maintain a valuation allowance on U.S. federal, state and foreign net deferred tax assets as the realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. 
 Deferred revenue Stock-based compensation Tax credits Leases Accrued compensation Interest expense Capitalized research and development Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred commissions ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss NOL carryforwards for federal, state and foreign tax purposes of 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively, which will begin to expire in 2030, as well as million of federal, state and foreign research and development tax credits, foreign tax credits, minimum tax credits and certain states job creation tax credits. The federal research and development and foreign tax credits will begin to expire in 2032 and the state job creation tax credits will begin to expire in 2023. 
 We are currently subject to the annual limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. We will not be precluded from realizing the NOL carryforward and tax credits but may be limited in the amount we could utilize in any given tax year in the event that the federal and state taxable income will exceed the limitation imposed by Section 382. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on our value immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million and million, respectively, which, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate by approximately million in each year. Interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions recognized as a component of income tax expense were immaterial in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Additions for tax positions in the current year Increase in prior year positions Decrease in prior year positions ) ) Acquisitions Unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the period 
 We file income tax returns in the United States, including various state jurisdictions. Our subsidiaries file income tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions. Tax years after 2014 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. At December 31, 2022, we were not under examination for income tax audits by the Internal Revenue Service or any state or foreign tax jurisdiction. 
 Depending on the jurisdiction, distributions of earnings could be subject to withholding taxes at rates applicable to the distributing jurisdiction. As we intend to continue to reinvest the earnings of foreign subsidiaries indefinitely, we have not provided for a U.S. income tax liability and foreign withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized tax expense on these reinvested foreign earnings. 
 
 12.) ) ) Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Stock options Shares to be issued under the 2018 ESPP PSUs Restricted stock Total 
 
 13. 
 operating segment. Our Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Revenue 
 Customers located in the United States accounted for , and of revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other country accounted for 10 or more of revenue in the periods presented. 
 International Property and equipment, net 
 
 14. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Form 10-K was (a) reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and regulations and (b) communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding any required disclosure. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID: ), has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 On February 23, 2023, our Board determined that the duties and responsibilities of Mark Thurmond, our Chief Operating Officer, have evolved such that he is an executive officer within the meaning of Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Board also determined that Mr. Thurmond will begin serving as an executive officer effective immediately. 
 Mr. Thurmond, age 53, has served as our Chief Operating Officer since February 2020. Prior to joining Tenable, Mr. Thurmond served as the Chief Operating Officer of Turbonomic Inc. from September 2017 to February 2020 and as the Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Services of QlikTech International AB from August 2015 to August 2017. Mr. Thurmond holds a B.S. in Psychology from Hofstra University. 
 There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Thurmond and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an officer of the Company, and there is no family relationship between Mr. Thurmond and any of our other directors or executive officers. There are no related party transactions between Mr. Thurmond and the Company that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, or the Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, under the captions "Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance," "Election of Directors" and "Executive Officers" and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted the Tenable Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at https://investors.tenable.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions "Executive Compensation" and "Director Compensation" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions "Transactions with Related Persons and Indemnification" and "Independence of the Board of Directors" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the caption "Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Consists of write-offs of uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries. 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes to the financial statements. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 
 The following is a list of Exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number Description Location 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38600) on July 30, 2018 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226002) on June 29, 2018 4.1 Common Stock Certificate of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226002) on July 16, 2018 4.2 Investors' Rights Agreement by and among Tenable Holdings, Inc. and certain of its stockholders, dated December 18, 2015 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226002) on July 16, 2018 4.3 Description of Common Stock of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38600) on February 28, 2020 10.1+ 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and Irish Supplement and Forms of Option Grant Notice and Agreement and Exercise Notice and Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Agreement thereunder, as amended to date 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-226347) on July 26, 2018 10.2+ 2012 Stock Incentive Plan and Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Form of Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise and Common Stock Purchase Agreement thereunder, as amended to date 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-226347) on July 26, 2018 10.3+ 2002 Stock Incentive Plan and Form of Notice of Option Grant and Form of Stock Option Agreement and Form of Notice of Stock Option Exercise and Form of Stock Award Agreement thereunder, as amended to date 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-226347) on July 26, 2018 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 10.4+ 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement and Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement thereunder 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-226347) on July 26, 2018 10.5 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38600) filed on February 28, 2022 10.6+ 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-226347) on July 26, 2018 10.7+ Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Tenable Holdings, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226002) on July 16, 2018 10.8+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2019, by and between Tenable, Inc. and Amit Yoran 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38600) on February 22, 2019 10.9+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2019, by and between Tenable, Inc. and Stephen A. Vintz 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38600) on February 22, 2019 10.10+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2019, by and between Tenable, Inc. and Stephen A. Riddick 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38600) on February 22, 2019 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2020, by a between Tenable, Inc. and Mark Thurmond 
 Filed herewith 10.12 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2017, by and between Tenable Network Security, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226002) on July 16, 2018 10.13# Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2012, by and between Tenable Network Security, Inc. and Ingram Micro, Inc. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226002) on July 16, 2018 10.14 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2021, by and among Tenable, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38600) on August 2, 2021 10.15 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2021, by and among Tenable, Inc., Accurics, Inc., the shareholders of Accurics identified in the Purchase Agreement or joined to the Purchase Agreement pursuant to a joinder agreement, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, as the representative of Accurics' shareholders thereunder. 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38600) on September 13, 2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 Filed herewith 24.1 Power of Attorney 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.SCH, 101.CAL, 101.DEF, 101.LAB and 101.PRE) 
 ________________ 
 ) This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (+) Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 (#) Confidential treatment has been granted as to certain portions, indicated by asterisks, which portions have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ Amit Yoran Amit Yoran Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen A. Vintz Stephen A. Vintz Chief Financial Officer 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Amit Yoran, Stephen A. Vintz and Michelle VonderHaar, jointly and severally, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tenable Holdings, Inc., and any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Amit Yoran Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2023 Amit Yoran (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Stephen A. Vintz Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Stephen A. Vintz (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Arthur W. Coviello, Jr. Director February 24, 2023 Arthur W. Coviello, Jr. /s/ Linda Zecher Higgins Director February 24, 2023 Linda Zecher Higgins /s/ Niloofar Razi Howe Director February 24, 2023 Niloofar Razi Howe /s/ John C. Huffard, Jr. Director February 24, 2023 John C. Huffard, Jr. /s/ A. Brooke Seawell Director February 24, 2023 A. Brooke Seawell /s/ George Alexander Tosheff Director February 24, 2023 George Alexander Tosheff /s/ Raymond Vicks, Jr. Director February 24, 2023 Raymond Vicks, Jr. 
 
 104 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 q42022exhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into effective as of January 1, 2020 (the Effective Date ), by and between Mark Thurmond Executive and Tenable, Inc. (the Company ). 
 
 The Company desires to employ Executive and, in connection therewith, to compensate Executive for Executive s personal services to the Company and 
 
 Executive wishes to be employed by the Company and provide personal services to the Company in return for certain compensation. 
 
 This Agreement supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous oral or written employment agreements or employment arrangements between Executive and the Company or any predecessor thereof. 
 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties agree to the following 

1. Employment by the Company . 
 
 1.1 At-Will Employment . Executive shall be employed by the Company on an at-will basis, meaning either the Company, any of its Affiliates (as defined in Section 4 below), or Executive may terminate Executive s employment at any time, with or without Cause (as defined in Section 6.2(f) below), Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.2(e) below), or advanced notice. Any contrary representations that may have been made to Executive shall be superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the full and complete agreement between Executive and the Company on the at-will nature of Executive s employment with the Company, which may be changed only in an express written agreement signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company. Executive s rights to any salary or cash bonus following a termination shall be only as set forth in Section 6 or under any applicable benefit or equity plan. 
 
 1.2 Position . Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company agrees to employ Executive and Executive hereby accepts such employment. Executive shall serve as Chief Operating Officer of Tenable Holdings, Inc., the Company s parent entity Holdings ). During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, and excluding periods of vacation and sick leave to which Executive is entitled, Executive shall devote all business time and attention to the affairs of the Company and its Affiliates necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned hereunder, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. 
 
 1.3 Duties . Executive will report to the Chief Executive Officer of Holdings (the CEO and will render such business and professional services in the performance of Executive s duties, consistent with Executive s position as Chief Operating Officer, as shall reasonably be assigned to Executive by the CEO, subject to the oversight and direction of the CEO. Executive shall perform Executive s duties under this Agreement principally out of the Company s corporate 

headquarters, or such other location as assigned. In addition, Executive shall make such business trips to such places as may be reasonably necessary or advisable for the efficient operations of the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 
 1.4 Company Policies and Benefits . The employment relationship between the parties shall be subject to the Company s written personnel policies and procedures as they may be adopted, revised, or deleted from time to time in the Company s sole discretion. Executive will be eligible to participate on the same basis as similarly situated employees in the Company s benefit plans in effect from time to time during Executive s employment. Subject to the preceding sentence, the Company reserves the right to change, alter, or terminate any benefit plan in its sole discretion. All matters of eligibility for coverage or benefits under any benefit plan shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company s general employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control. 
 
 2. Compensation . 
 
 2.1 Salary . Executive shall receive an annualized base salary of 375,000, subject to review and adjustment from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion, payable subject to standard federal and state payroll withholding requirements in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices Base Salary ). 
 
 2.2 Bonus . 
 
 (a) During Employment . Executive shall be eligible to earn a quarterly performance bonus with respect to each calendar quarter (the Quarterly Bonus with an aggregate annual target of 325,000 (the Target Bonus or such other amount as the Company may set from time to time. The Quarterly Bonuses, which may be less than or more than one quarter of the Target Bonus amount, will be based upon the CEO s assessment of Executive s performance and the Company s attainment of targeted goals (as set by the Company and confirmed by the Board of Directors of Holdings (the Board in its reasonable good faith discretion) over the applicable calendar quarter. The Quarterly Bonuses, if any, will be subject to applicable payroll deductions and withholdings. Following the close of each quarter of each calendar year, the Board (or any authorized committee thereof) will determine whether Executive has earned that quarter s Quarterly Bonus, and the amount of any Quarterly Bonus, based on the set criteria and any other criteria the Board (or any authorized committee thereof) deems relevant. No amount of any Quarterly Bonus is guaranteed at any time, and, except as otherwise stated in Sections 6.2(a)(iii), 6.3(a)(ii), and 6.3(a)(iii), Executive must be an employee in good standing through the date the Quarterly Bonus is paid to be eligible to receive a Quarterly Bonus. Except as otherwise stated in Sections 6.2(a)(iii) and 6.3(a)(iii), no partial or prorated bonuses will be provided. Subject to Sections 6.2(c) and 6.3(b) related to payments upon certain terminations of employment, any Quarterly Bonus, if earned, will be paid at the same time quarterly bonuses are generally paid to other similarly situated employees of the Company, but, for the purposes of satisfying the requirements for an exemption from Section 409A (as defined herein), in no event later than March 15 th of the first calendar year that begins following the end of the calendar quarter with respect to which the Quarterly Bonus is earned. Executive s eligibility for a Quarterly Bonus is subject to change in the discretion of the Board (or any authorized committee thereof). 
 
 2 

(b) Upon Termination . Subject to the provisions of Section 6, in the event Executive leaves the employ of the Company for any reason prior to the date the Quarterly Bonus for that quarter is paid, Executive is not eligible to earn such Quarterly Bonus, prorated or otherwise. 
 
 2.3 Equity Incentive Awards . Upon hire, Executive will receive restricted stock units valued at Five Million Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars 5,700,000), with each unit representing the right to receive one share of Holdings common stock (the RSUs ). Executive s target annual equity RSU grant will be valued at Three Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars 3,200,000). RSUs will be subject to Holdings equity plans and individual restricted stock unit grant notices and agreements, as applicable, including but not limited to the vesting schedules set forth therein. In addition, Executive will be eligible to receive awards of stock options, restricted stock units, or other equity awards pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time (any such awards the Subsequent Awards ). The Board or a committee of the Board may determine in its discretion whether Executive shall be granted any such equity awards and the terms of any such award in accordance with the terms of any applicable plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time. The RSUs and any Subsequent Awards (collectively, the Equity Awards may be subject to accelerated vesting in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement. 
 
 2.4 Signing Bonus. Within thirty (30) days following the full execution of this Agreement, Company shall pay Executive a signing bonus in the amount of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 400,000). Should Executive s employment with the Company terminate prior to January 1, 2021, Executive shall immediately repay the entire amount of the signing bonus to the Company. 
 
 2.5 Expense Reimbursement . The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable business expenses in accordance with the Company s standard expense reimbursement policy. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any reimbursements payable to Executive are subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (a) any such reimbursements will be paid no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (b) the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year will not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and (c) the right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 3. Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation 
 Obligations . Contemporaneously with this Agreement and as a condition of employment, the parties hereto have entered into an Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit C , which may be amended by the parties from time to time without regard to this Agreement. The Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement contains provisions that are intended by the parties to survive and do survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 4. Outside Activities . Except with the prior written consent of the CEO, Executive will not, while employed by the Company, undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation, or business enterprise that would interfere with Executive s responsibilities and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder except for (i) reasonable time devoted to volunteer services for or on behalf of such religious, educational, non-profit, and or other charitable organization as Executive 
 
 3 

may wish to serve, (ii) reasonable time devoted to activities in the non-profit and business communities consistent with Executive s position with the Company and any of its Affiliates, or (iii) reasonable time serving as trustee, director, or advisor to any family companies or trusts, so long as the activities set forth in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) do not interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of Executive s duties for the Company and any of its Affiliates, are not competitive with the business of the Company or any of its Affiliates, will not otherwise result in Executive s breach of the Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement, or create a business or fiduciary conflict. This restriction shall not, however, preclude Executive from 
 (x) owning less than one percent (1 of the total outstanding shares of a publicly traded company, 
 (y) managing Executive s passive personal investments, or (z) employment or service in any capacity with Affiliates of the Company. As used in this Agreement, Affiliates means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 
 5. No Conflict with Existing Obligations . Executive represents that Executive s performance of all the terms of this Agreement and service as an employee of the Company do not and will not breach any agreement or obligation of any kind made prior to Executive s employment by the Company, including agreements or obligations Executive may have with prior employers or entities for which Executive has provided services. Executive has not entered into, and Executive agrees that Executive will not enter into, any agreement or obligation, either written or oral, in conflict herewith or with Executive s duties to the Company. 
 
 6. Termination Of Employment . The parties acknowledge that Executive s employment relationship with the Company is at-will. Either Executive or the Company or any of its Affiliates may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause. The provisions in this Section govern the amount of compensation, if any, to be provided to Executive upon termination of employment and do not alter this at-will status. 
 
 6.1 Termination by Virtue of Death or Disability of Executive . 
 
 (a) In the event of Executive s death while employed pursuant to this Agreement, all obligations of the parties hereunder and Executive s employment shall terminate immediately, and the Company shall, pursuant to the Company s standard payroll policies and applicable law, pay to Executive s legal representatives the Accrued Obligations (as defined in Section 6.2(d) below) due to Executive. In addition, subject to Executive s estate s compliance with Section 6.2(b) below, Executive s covered dependents will be eligible to receive the COBRA Premiums (as defined in Section 6.2(a)(ii) below), but not (i) the other Non-CIC Severance Benefits (as defined in Section 6.2(a) below), (ii) the CIC Severance Benefits (as defined in Section 6.3(a) below), or (iii) except as provided under any benefit plan or program, any other severance compensation or benefit. 
 
 (b) Subject to applicable state and federal law, the Company or any of its Affiliates shall at all times have the right, upon written notice to Executive, to terminate this Agreement based on Executive s Disability (as defined below). Termination by the Company or any of its Affiliates of Executive s employment based on Disability shall mean termination because 
 
 4 

Executive is unable due to a physical or mental condition to perform the essential functions of Executive s position with or without reasonable accommodation for six (6) months in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period or based on the written certification by two licensed physicians of the likely continuation of such condition for such period. This definition shall be interpreted and applied consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and other applicable law. In the event Executive s employment is terminated based on Executive s Disability, Executive will be entitled to the Accrued Obligations due to Executive. In addition, subject to Executive s compliance with Section 6.2(b) below, Executive will be eligible to receive the COBRA Premiums, but not (i) the other Non-CIC Severance Benefits, (ii) the CIC Severance Benefits, or (iii) except as provided under any benefit plan or program, any other severance compensation or benefit. 
 
 6.2 Termination by the Company or Resignation by Executive . 
 
 (a) The Company or any of its Affiliates shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment pursuant to this Section 6.2 at any time with or without Cause, by giving notice as described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement. Likewise, Executive can resign from employment with or without Good Reason, by giving notice as described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement. Executive hereby agrees to provide at least thirty (30) days notice of Executive s resignation without Good Reason and to comply with the additional notice requirements set forth in Section 6.2(e) below for any resignation for Good Reason. If Executive is terminated by the Company or any of its Affiliates (with or without Cause) or resigns from employment with the Company (with or without Good Reason), then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations. In addition, if Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason, and provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder, a Separation from Service ), and further provided that Executive executes and allows to become effective a separation agreement that includes, among other terms, a general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and representatives, in a form substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Separation Agreement and subject to Section 6.2(b) (the date that the general release of claims in the Separation Agreement becomes effective and may no longer be revoked by Executive is referred to as the Release Date ), then Executive shall be eligible to receive the following severance benefits (collectively the Non-CIC Severance Benefits 
 
 (i) An amount equal to twelve (12) months of Executive s then current Base Salary, less standard payroll deductions and withholdings, paid in installments on the Company s regular bimonthly payroll dates (the Cash Severance 
 
 (ii) Provided Executive or Executive s covered dependents, as the case may be, timely elects continued coverage under COBRA under the Company s group health plans following such termination, the portion of the COBRA premiums which is equal to the cost of the coverage that the Company was paying as of the date of termination, to continue Executive s (and Executive s covered dependents, as applicable) health insurance coverage in effect on the termination date until the earliest of (1) twelve (12) months following the termination date (2) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment or (3) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason, 
 
 5 

including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (1)- (3), (the COBRA Payment Period ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines that its payment of COBRA premiums on Executive s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay Executive on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the COBRA Payment Period. Nothing in this Agreement shall deprive Executive of Executive s rights under COBRA or ERISA for benefits under plans and policies arising under Executive s employment by the Company (all benefits in this subsection collectively referred to as the COBRA Premiums 
 
 (iii) A lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to the Target Bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, prorated based on Executive s last day of employment, reduced by any Quarterly Bonus amounts already paid to Executive or included in the definition of Accrued Obligations for the calendar year in which such termination date occurs, and subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, which will be paid on the next date on which Quarterly Bonuses are scheduled to be paid, which in no event will be later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the termination date occurs (subject to Section 6.2(c)) and 
 
 (iv) Acceleration of the vesting schedule of Executive s Equity Awards shall be subject to such accelerated vesting as set forth in the terms of the award agreement governing such Equity Award. 
 
 (b) Executive shall not receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 6.2(a) unless Executive executes the Separation Agreement within the consideration period specified therein, which shall in no event be more than 45 days, and until the Separation Agreement becomes effective and can no longer be revoked by Executive under its terms. Executive s ability to receive benefits pursuant to Section 6.2(a) (or Executive s estate s ability to receive benefits pursuant to Section 6.1(a) as applicable) is further conditioned upon Executive (or Executive s estate, as applicable) returning all Company property complying with Executive s post-termination obligations under this Agreement and the Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement complying with the Separation Agreement, including without limitation any non- disparagement and confidentiality provisions contained therein and resignation from any other positions Executive holds with the Company, effective no later than Executive s date of termination (or such other date as requested by the Board). 
 
 (c) The Company will not make any payments to Executive with respect to any of the benefits pursuant to Section 6.2(a) prior to the 60th day following Executive s date of termination. On the 60th day following Executive s date of termination, and provided that Executive has delivered an effective Separation Agreement, the Company will make the first payments to Executive under Section 6.2(a)(i) and (iii) in a lump sum equal to the aggregate amount of payments that the Company would have paid Executive through such date had the payments commenced on 
 
 6 

Executive s date of termination through such 60th day, with the balance of the payments paid thereafter on the schedule described above, subject to any delay in payment required by Section 6.7. 
 
 (d) For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations are (i) Executive s accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination and, if required by applicable law and the Company s applicable policy as of the time of termination, any accrued but unused vacation through the date of termination (both of which, for purpose of clarity, shall be paid in cash), 
 (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by Executive payable in accordance with the Company s standard expense reimbursement policies, (iii) benefits owed to Executive under any qualified retirement plan or health and welfare benefit plan in which Executive was a participant in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of such plan, and (iv) any Quarterly Bonus earned but unpaid for the prior quarter. 
 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means any of the following actions taken by the Company or any of its Affiliates without Executive s express prior written consent (i) a material reduction by the Company or any of its Affiliates of Executive s base salary (other than in a broad based reduction similarly affecting all other members of the Company s executive management) (ii) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other material written agreement between Executive and the Company concerning the terms and conditions of Executive s employment (iii) the relocation of Executive s principal place of employment, without Executive s consent, to a place that increases Executive s one-way commute by more than fifty (50) miles as compared to Executive s then-current principal place of employment immediately prior to such relocation or (iv) a material reduction in Executive s duties, authority, or responsibilities for Holdings relative to Executive s duties, authority, or responsibilities for Holdings in effect immediately prior to such reduction provided, however, that, any such termination by Executive shall only be deemed for Good Reason pursuant to this definition if (1) Executive gives the Company written notice of Executive s intent to terminate for Good Reason within thirty (30) days following Executive s learning of the occurrence of the condition(s) that Executive believes constitute(s) Good Reason, which notice shall describe such condition(s) (2) the Company and or Affiliate fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written notice (the Cure Period and (3) Executive voluntarily terminates Executive s employment within sixty (60) days following the end of the Cure Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any change in (a) Executive s title, 
 (b) the officer to whom Executive reports, (c) the entity structure of the Company, including as a result of a reorganization, sale, shutdown, or any other discontinuance of an Affiliate, or (d) the Company or the Affiliate serving as Executive s employing entity, in each case, without a corresponding material reduction in Executive s duties, authority, or responsibilities, in accordance with clause (iv) above, shall not constitute Good Reason. 
 
 (f) For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) Executive s conviction of, indictment, or plea of nolo contendere for any crime (whether or not involving the Company or any of its Affiliates) (A) constituting a felony or (B) that results in a material adverse impact on the performance of Executive s duties to the Company or any of its Affiliates, or otherwise results in a material adverse impact on the business or reputation of the Company or any of its Affiliates (ii) willful misconduct on the part of Executive, in connection with Executive s employment (including any willful misconduct that constitutes a material violation of the material written policies of the Company or any of its Affiliates, including, but not limited to, those relating 
 
 7 

to sexual harassment or the disclosure or misuse of confidential information), that results in material injury to the business or reputation of the Company or any of its Affiliates (iii) misappropriation by Executive of any material assets or any business opportunities of the Company or any of its Affiliates that results in material financial harm to the Company or any of its Affiliates (iv) embezzlement or fraud committed by Executive or at Executive s direction, which results in material financial harm to the Company (v) Executive s willful and material refusal to perform Executive s duties for the Company or any of its Affiliates or (vi) Executive s material breach of a material provision of this Agreement, the Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement, or any other material written agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates provided, however, that with respect to any termination for Cause relying on clause (ii), (iii), or (v) of this sentence, to the extent that such act or acts or failure or failures to act are curable, Executive shall be given not less than ten (10) days written notice of the Company s or any of its Affiliates intention to terminate Executive for Cause, such notice to state in detail the particular act or acts or failure or failures to act that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination for Cause is based, and such termination shall be effective at the expiration of such ten (10) day notice period unless the Board determines in its reasonable discretion that Executive has cured or taken steps designed to result in cure of such act or acts or failure or failures to act that give rise to Cause during such period. In addition, if, within ninety (90) days subsequent to the termination of Executive for any reason other than by the Company or any of its Affiliates for Cause, it is discovered that Executive s employment could have been terminated for Cause pursuant to clause (ii) or (iv) of the immediately preceding sentence, Executive s employment shall, at the discretion of the Board, be deemed to have been terminated by the Company or any of its Affiliates, as applicable, for Cause, and Executive shall be required to repay to the Company all amounts received by Executive in connection with any severance benefits that Executive would not have received had such termination been by the Company or any of its Affiliates for Cause. 
 
 (g) The benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.2 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy, or program. Executive is not required to mitigate amounts payable under this Section 6.2 or under Section 6.3 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor must Executive return to the Company any amounts earned under subsequent employment. 
 
 (h) Any damages caused by the termination of Executive s employment without Cause or for Good Reason would be difficult to ascertain therefore, the Non-CIC Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.2(a) above in exchange for the Separation Agreement is agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty. 
 
 (i) If the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates Executive s employment for Cause or Executive resigns from employment with the Company without Good Reason, regardless of whether or not such termination is in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Exhibit B hereto), then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations, but Executive will not receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit. 
 
 8 

6.3 Resignation by Executive for Good Reason or Termination by the Company without Cause (in connection with a Change in Control) . 
 
 (a) In the event that the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates Executive s employment without Cause or Executive resigns for Good Reason within three (3) months prior to the date that a definitive agreement providing for a Change in Control is entered into or twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control Change in Control Termination Date ), then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and, subject to Executive s compliance with Section 6.2(b) above, Executive shall be eligible to receive the following severance benefits (collectively the CIC Severance Benefits ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 6.3(b) 
 
 (i) The Cash Severance and COBRA Premiums described in Section 6.2(a)(i) and (ii) provided that the Cash Severance shall be paid in a lump sum as set forth in Section 6.3(b) below 
 
 (ii) A lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to one (1) times the Target Bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, which will be paid on the next date on which the next Quarterly Bonuses are scheduled to be paid, which in no event will be later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the termination date occurs (subject to Section 6.3(b)) 
 
 (iii) A lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to one (1) times the Target Bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, prorated based on Executive s last day of employment, reduced by any Quarterly Bonus amounts already paid to Executive or included in the definition of Accrued Obligations for the calendar year in which such termination date occurs, and subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, which will be paid on the next date on which Quarterly Bonuses are scheduled to be paid, which in no event will be later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the termination date occurs (subject to Section 6.3(b)) and 
 
 (iv) Effective as of the later of Executive s Change in Control Termination Date or the effective date of the Change in Control, the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding Equity Awards held by Executive immediately prior to the Change in Control Termination Date shall be accelerated (and lapse, in the case of reacquisition or repurchase rights) in full. Executive s Equity Awards shall remain outstanding following Executive s Change in Control Termination Date if and to the extent necessary to give effect to this Section 6.3(a)(iv) subject to earlier termination under the terms of the equity plan under which such awards were granted and the original maximum term of the award (without regard to Executive s termination). 
 
 (b) The Company will not make any payments to Executive with respect to any of the benefits pursuant to Section 6.3(a) prior to the 60th day following Executive s date of termination. On the 60th day following Executive s date of termination, and provided that Executive has delivered an effective Separation Agreement, the Company will make the lump sum payments to Executive specified in Section 6.3(a)(i) and the lump sum payments specified in Sections 6.3(a)(ii)- 
 
 9 

(iii) that have not yet been made due to this Section 6.3(b), subject to any delay in payment required by Section 6.7. 
 
 (c) The benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.3 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy, or program. 
 
 (d) Any damages caused by the termination of Executive s employment without Cause or for Good Reason in connection with a Change in Control would be difficult to ascertain therefore, the CIC Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.3(a) above in exchange for the Separation Agreement is agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty. 
 
 6.4 Intentionally Omitted . 
 
 6.5 Cooperation With the Company After Termination of Employment . Following termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company or any of its Affiliates, for a period of sixty (60) days following Executive s termination of employment, in all matters relating to the winding up of Executive s pending work including, but not limited to, any litigation in which the Company or any of its Affiliates is involved, and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to such other Executives as may be designated by the Company or any of its Affiliates provided, that the Company agrees that the Company (a) shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Executive s other activities, and 
 (b) shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation, including, without limiting Executive s rights to indemnification, for reasonable attorney s fees and costs of legal counsel incurred by Executive in connection with such cooperation. 
 
 6.6 Effect of Termination . Executive agrees that should Executive s employment be terminated for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all positions with the Company, including, but not limited to, a position on the Board and all positions with any and all subsidiaries and Affiliates of the Company. 
 
 6.7 Application of Section 409A . 
 
 (a) It is intended that all of the compensation payable under this Agreement, to the greatest extent possible, either complies with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect (collectively, Section 409A or satisfies one or more of the exemptions from the application of Section 409A, and this Agreement will be construed in a manner consistent with such intention, incorporating by reference all required definitions and payment terms. 
 
 (b) No severance payments will be made under this Agreement unless Executive s termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A- 2(b)(2)(iii)), Executive s right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments 
 
 10 

and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. 
 
 (c) To the extent that any severance payments are deferred compensation under Section 409A, and are not otherwise exempt from the application of Section 409A, then, to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, if the period during which Executive may consider and sign the Separation Agreement spans two calendar years, the severance payments will not begin until the second calendar year. If the Company determines that the severance benefits provided under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A and if Executive is a specified employee of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of Executive s Separation from Service, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the severance will be delayed as follows on the earlier to occur of (a) the date that is six months and one day after Executive s Separation from Service, and (b) the date of Executive s death, the Company will (i) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the severance benefits that Executive would otherwise have received if the commencement of the payment of the severance benefits had not been delayed pursuant to this Section 6.7(c) and (ii) commence paying the balance of the severance benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedule set forth in Sections 6.2 and 6.3. No interest shall be due on any amounts deferred pursuant to this Section 6.7(c). 
 
 (d) To the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided to Executive) during any one year may not effect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. The Company makes no representation that compensation paid pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. 
 
 6.8 Excise Tax Adjustment . 
 
 (a) If any payment or benefit Executive will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such 280G Payment provided pursuant to this Agreement (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for Executive. If more than one method of reduction will result in 
 
 11 

the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision of Section 6.8 to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows 
 (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for Executive as determined on an after-tax basis (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events e.g. , being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 (c) Unless Executive and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control transaction shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity, or group effecting the Change in Control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section 6.8. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to Executive and the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which Executive s right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by Executive or the Company) or such other time as requested by Executive or the Company. 
 
 (d) If Executive receives a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of Section 6.8(a) and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of Section 6.8(a)) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) of Section 6.8(a), Executive shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 
 7. General Provisions . 
 
 7.1 Notices . Any notices required hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by electronic mail or confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company at its primary office location and to Executive at 
 
 12 

Executive s address as listed on the Company payroll or (if notice is given prior to Executive s termination of employment) to Executive s Company-issued email address, or at such other address as the Company or Executive may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other. 
 
 7.2 Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed, and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein. 
 
 7.3 Waiver . If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of this Agreement, Executive or the Company shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 7.4 Complete Agreement . This Agreement (including its Exhibits), and any other separate agreement relating to stock awards constitute the entire agreement between Executive and the Company with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior oral discussions or written communications and agreements. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, and it cannot be modified or amended except in writing signed by Executive and an authorized officer of the Company. 
 
 7.5 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by electronic transmission and in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 7.6 Headings . The headings of the sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof. 
 
 7.7 Successors and Assigns . The Company shall assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole, but not in part, to any company or other entity with or into which the Company may hereafter merge or consolidate or to which the Company may transfer all or substantially all of its assets, if in any such case said company or other entity shall by operation of law or expressly in writing assume all obligations of the Company hereunder as fully as if it had been originally made a party hereto, but may not otherwise assign this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder. Executive may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, other than to Executive s estate upon Executive s death. 
 
 7.8 Choice of Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the State of Maryland. 
 
 7.9 Resolution of Disputes . The parties recognize that litigation in federal or state courts or before federal or state administrative agencies of disputes arising out of Executive s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or out of this Agreement, or Executive s termination of employment or termination of this Agreement, may not be in the best interests of either Executive or the Company or any of its Affiliates, and may result in unnecessary costs, delays, 
 
 13 

complexities, and uncertainty. The parties agree that any dispute between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to the negotiation, execution, performance or termination of this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties, regardless of whether that agreement itself specifies arbitration as an exclusive remedy, Executive s employment, including, but not limited to, any claim arising out of this Agreement, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1966, as amended, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and any similar federal, state, or local law, statute, regulation, or any common law doctrine, whether that dispute arises during or after employment, shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association provided however, that this arbitration provision shall not apply to sexual harassment claims to the extent prohibited by applicable law. To the extent applicable law prohibits mandatory arbitration of sexual harassment claims, in the event Executive intends to bring multiple claims, including a sexual harassment claim, the sexual harassment claim may be publicly filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. The location for the arbitration (or any litigation as permitted herein) shall be the Howard County, Maryland area. Any award made by such panel shall be final, binding, and conclusive on the parties for all purposes and shall be kept confidential, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrators fees and expenses and all administrative fees and expenses associated with the filing of the arbitration shall be borne by the Company provided however , that at Executive s option, Executive may voluntarily pay up to one-half the costs and fees. The arbitrator may award reasonable attorney s fees, costs, and expenses to the prevailing party in any arbitration, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be entitled. The parties acknowledge and agree that their obligations to arbitrate under this Section survive the termination of this Agreement and continue after the termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. The parties each further agree that the arbitration provisions of this Agreement shall provide each party with its exclusive remedy , and each party expressly waives any right it might have to seek redress in any other forum, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. Except as otherwise stated above, by electing arbitration as the means for final settlement of all claims, the parties hereby waive their respective rights to, and agree not to, sue each other in any action in a Federal, State, or local court with respect to such claims, but may seek to enforce in court an arbitration award rendered pursuant to this Agreement. The parties specifically agree to waive their respective rights to a trial by jury, and further agree that no demand, request, or motion will be made for trial by jury. 

SIGNATURES ON THE NEXT PAGE 
 14 

In Witness Whereof , the parties have executed this Employment Agreement on the day and year first written above. 
 Tenable, Inc. 
 
 By s Amit Yoran Amit Yoran President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Tenable Holdings, Inc. Executive s Mark Thurmond Mark Thurmond 
 
 15 

Exhibit B 
 
 Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of Holdings representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of Holdings then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of Holdings directly from Holdings, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of Holdings by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires Holdings securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for Holdings through the issuance of equity securities, (C) on account of the acquisition of securities of Holdings by any individual who is, on the IPO Date, either an executive officer or a member of the Board (a Director (either, an IPO Investor and or any entity in which an IPO Investor has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting rights or participation in profits or capital contributions) of more than 50 (collectively, the IPO Entities or on account of the IPO Entities continuing to hold shares that come to represent more than 50 of the combined voting power of Holdings then outstanding securities as a result of the conversion of any class of Holdings securities into another class of Holdings securities having a different number of votes per share pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in Holdings Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or (D) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by Holdings reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by Holdings, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur 
 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) Holdings and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation, or similar transaction, the stockholders of Holdings immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation, or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation, or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of Holdings immediately prior to such transaction provided, however, that a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities 
 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, 
 
 16 

license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of Holdings in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of Holdings immediately prior to such sale, lease, license, or other disposition provided, however, that a sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the acquiring Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities 
 
 (iv) individuals who, on the IPO Date, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing definition, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of Holdings. 
 
 Common Stock means, as of the IPO Date, the common stock of Holdings, having one vote per share. 
 
 Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings, (ii) any employee benefit plan of Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of Holdings in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of Holdings or (v) any natural person, Entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the IPO Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of Holdings representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of Holdings then outstanding securities. 
 
 IPO Date means the date of the underwriting agreement between Holdings and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering. 
 
 Own , Owned , Owner , Ownership means a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or 
 
 17 

otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to Holdings, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by Holdings, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which Holdings has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 
 
 18 

Exhibit C 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, NON-DISCLOSURE, AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT 
 
 Tenable, Inc. (the Company and I, Mark Thurmond, have entered into this Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the Agreement effective as of January 1, 2020. I agree that I am entering into this Agreement in consideration of the amended and restated employment agreement into which I am concurrently entering with the Company, my employment with the Company and its affiliated entities, including, but not limited to, the Company s parent entity, Tenable Holdings, Inc. (collectively, the Company Entities ), the compensation now and later paid to me, and in further consideration of the Company Entities providing me with ongoing access to and use of the Confidential Information (defined below) and Specialized Training (defined below), as well as other valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which I acknowledge. 
 
 Recitals 
 
 WHEREAS, during the course of my employment, I will have access to and knowledge of the trade secrets and Confidential Information of the Company Entities and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company Entities maintain a technically skilled workforce by conducting specialized in-house training and development of employees which is vital to maintain a competitive operation and 
 
 WHEREAS, it is of material benefit to me to participate in on the job training and receive additional training and knowledge provided by the Company Entities and it is of material benefit to reasonably restrict the use of said training in a competitive marketplace and to restrict the disclosure of the Company Entities trade secrets and Confidential Information with a nondisclosure and non- solicitation agreement both of which are reasonable in terms of scope, geography and duration. 
 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, including but not limited to the amended employment agreement into which I am concurrently entering with the Company, the Company and I agree as follows 
 
 1. Confidential Information . 
 
 A. Definition . For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means information not generally known or available outside the Company Entities and information entrusted to the Company Entities in confidence by third parties. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, all Inventions (as defined below), technical data, trade secrets, know- how, research, product or service ideas or plans, software code and designs, developments, processes, formulas, techniques, designs and drawings, hardware configuration information, information relating to employees and other service providers of the Company Entities (including, but not limited to, their names, contact information, jobs, compensation and expertise), information relating to suppliers and customers (including, but not limited to, those on whom I called or with whom I became acquainted during my employment), information relating to stockholders or lenders, price lists, 
 
 19 

pricing methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing plans, licenses, contract information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical financial data, budgets or other business information I have learned or developed during the course of my service relationship with the Company Entities, including any consulting or other service relationship with the Company Entities prior to my current employment and any information I learned or developed during onboarding. 
 
 The absence of any marking or statement that particular information is Confidential Information shall not affect its status as Confidential Information. 
 
 Confidential Information shall not include 
 
 i. Information in the public domain not as a result of breach of any duty by me or any other person 
 ii. Information published or disseminated by the Company Entities without restriction to persons other than me 
 iii. Information recognized as being part of my general skills, experience, and know-how, including information which was known to me prior to my employment or other service relationship with the Company Entities and 
 iii. Information identified in writing by the Company Entities as not being Confidential Information. 
 I shall bear the burden of proving that information is not Confidential Information. 
 B. Protection of Information . At all times during the term of my employment and following the termination of my employment, for any reason, all Confidential Information shall be regarded as confidential, proprietary, and in the nature of trade secrets, and I agree not to (i) disclose or disseminate Confidential Information to any third party including without limitation employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Company Entities without a legitimate business need to know such information, without the prior written consent of the relevant Company Entity, except as required by law (including, without limitation, judicial or administrative process) or by existing contracts to which a Company Entity is a party (ii) remove Confidential Information from the Company Entities premises or make copies of Confidential Information without a valid business purpose or (iii) use Confidential Information for my own benefit or for the benefit of any third party or in any way that would be detrimental to the Company Entities business. I also agree to take all actions necessary to avoid unauthorized disclosure and otherwise to maintain the confidential or proprietary nature of such Confidential Information. If I am not certain whether or not information is confidential, I will treat that information as Confidential Information until I have written verification from the relevant Company Entity that the information is not Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company Entities and me, nothing in this Agreement shall limit my right to discuss my employment or report possible violations of law or regulation with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, United States Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other federal government agency or similar state or local agency or to discuss the terms and conditions of my employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act or to the extent that such disclosure is 
 
 20 

protected under the applicable provisions of law or regulation, including but not limited to, whistleblower statutes or other similar provisions that protect such disclosure. 
 
 C. Third Party Information and Other Rights . I understand that the Company Entities have received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential and or proprietary knowledge, data or information Third Party Information subject to a duty on the relevant Company Entity s part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During my employment and thereafter, I will hold Third Party Information in confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Company Entities who need to know such information in connection with their work) or use, except in connection with my work for the Company Entities, Third Party Information without the prior written consent of the relevant Company Entity. My agreements in this Section 1 are intended to be for the benefit of the Company Entities and any third party that has entrusted information or physical material to the Company Entities in confidence. This Agreement is intended to supplement, and not to supersede, any rights the Company Entities may have with respect to the protection of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information. 
 
 D. Restricted Access Granted . In exchange for my agreement not to disclose or use Confidential Information, except as required in performing my duties for the Company Entities, and for the non-solicitation covenants, and the other promises provided herein, the Company agrees to grant me access to Confidential Information, and to facilitate access to any other Company Entity Confidential Information, that is required to fulfill the duties of my position. I agree that the Company has no pre-existing obligation to reveal Confidential Information. 
 
 E. Specialized Training . I agree that I could not perform or continue to perform my position absent on-going Specialized Training. Specialized Training includes but is not limited to training regarding the Company Entities product(s), solutions, services and sales processes which are confidential and or proprietary. I acknowledge that use or disclosure of Specialized Training, except as necessary in carrying out my work for the Company Entities, would be detrimental to the legitimate competitive interests of the Company Entities. 
 
 F. No Disclosure of Use of Information of Others . I agree that I will not, during my employment with the Company Entities, improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or current employer or any other person or entity and that I will not bring onto the premises of the Company Entities any unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to any such employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by such employer, person or entity. 
 
 G. Confidential Disclosure in Reporting Violations of Law or in Court Filings . Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), I shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (1) is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 
 21 

2. Ownership of Inventions . 
 
 A. Definition . For purposes of this Agreement, Inventions means discoveries, developments, concepts, designs, ideas, know how, improvements, inventions, trade secrets and or original works of authorship, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable. This includes, but is not limited to, any new product, machine, article of manufacture, biological material, method, procedure, process, technique, use, equipment, device, apparatus, system, compound, formulation, composition of matter, design or configuration of any kind, or any improvement thereon. I understand that Company Inventions means any Inventions that I, solely or jointly with others, author, discover, develop, make, conceive, learn, or reduce to practice, in whole or in part, during the period of my employment by the Company Entities, excluding those Inventions addressed in Section 2.D or set forth in Exhibit A . 
 
 B. Inventions Retained . I have attached hereto as Exhibit A , without disclosing any third party confidential information, a complete list describing all Inventions that I made or conceived or first reduced to practice along or jointly with others prior to my employment with the Company Entities that relate in any way to any of the Company Entities proposed businesses, products or research and development, and that are not assigned to the Company hereunder. I represent that Exhibit A is a complete list of my pre-employment Inventions that I desire to have specifically excluded from my obligations pursuant to this Section. If no such list is attached, I represent that there are currently no such Inventions. 
 
 C. Assignment of Company Inventions . I agree that I will promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company, and I do hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, all of my right, title and interest in and to any and all Company Inventions throughout the world, including all copyrights, patent rights, trademark rights, mask work rights, moral rights, sui generis database rights and all other intellectual property rights of any sort relating thereto. I further agree that all Company Inventions are works made for hire to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law. I hereby waive and irrevocably quitclaim to the Company or its designee any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, that I now have or may hereafter have for infringement of any and all Company Inventions and intellectual property rights related thereto. 
 
 D. Unassigned Nonassignable Inventions . I recognize that this Agreement will not be deemed to require assignment of any Invention that I developed entirely on my own time without using the Company Entities equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secrets, or Confidential Information, except for those Inventions that either (i) relate to the Company Entities actual or anticipated business, research or development or (ii) result from or are connected with work performed by me for the Company Entities. In addition, I understand that the Company Inventions will not include, and the provisions hereof requiring assignment of inventions to the Company do not apply to, any Invention which qualifies fully for protection from assignment to the Company under any specifically applicable state law, regulation, rule, or public policy Specific Inventions Law ). In order to assist in determining which Inventions qualify for such exclusion, I will advise the Company promptly in writing, during and after the term of employment, of all Inventions solely or jointly authored, discovered, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by me, in whole or in part, during employment. 
 
 22 

E. License to Inventions . If in the course of my employment with the Company Entities I use or incorporate into any Company Invention any Confidential Information or Inventions in which I or a third party has an interest and which is not covered by Section 2.C hereof, I will promptly so inform the Company. Whether or not I give such notice, I hereby irrevocably grant to the Company a nonexclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, assumable, perpetual, worldwide license, with full right to transfer and sublicense, to practice and exploit such Confidential Information and Inventions and to make, have made, copy, modify, make derivative works of, use, sell, import and otherwise distribute under all applicable intellectual property rights without restriction of any kind. 
 
 F. Moral Rights . To the extent allowed by law, this Section 2 includes all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as moral rights, artist s rights, droit moral or the like (collectively Moral Rights ). To the extent I retain any such Moral Rights under applicable law, I hereby ratify and consent to any action that may be taken with respect to such Moral Rights by or on behalf of the Company and agree not to assert any Moral Rights with respect thereto. I will confirm any such ratifications, consents and agreements from time to time as requested by the Company. 
 
 G. Maintenance of Records . I agree to maintain adequate and current written records of all Company Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of my employment with the Company Entities. The records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings or any other format. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. I agree to deliver all such records (including any copies thereof) to the Company, at the time of the termination of my employment, as provided for in Sections 4 and 9 hereof. 
 
 H. Patents and Copyrights . I agree to assist the Company or its designee, at its expense, in every proper way to secure the Company s or its designee s rights in the Company Inventions and any copyrights, patent rights, trademark rights, mask work rights, moral rights, sui generis database rights or other intellectual property rights of any sort relating thereto throughout the world, including the disclosure of information with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, recordations and all other instruments which the Company or its designee shall deem necessary to apply for, obtain, maintain and transfer such rights, or if not transferable, waive such rights, and in order to assign to the Company or its designee, and any successors, assigns and nominees, the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such Company Inventions, and any copyrights, patent rights, trademark rights, mask work rights, sui generis database rights and other intellectual property rights of any sort relating thereto throughout the world. I agree that my obligation to execute any such instrument or papers shall continue during and after the end of my employment with the Company Entities and until the expiration of the last such intellectual property right to expire in any country of the world. I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in- fact, to act for and in my behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the application for, prosecution, issuance, maintenance or transfer of letters of patents, copyright, trademark, mask work and other registrations related to such Company Inventions. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and will not be affected by my subsequent incapacity. 
 
 23 

I. Online Accounts . I agree that I will register all domains, usernames, handles, social media accounts and similar online accounts which I register on behalf of the Company Entities and which relate to the Company Entities or their intellectual property rights (the Online Accounts in the name of the relevant Company Entity, except to the extent that such requests by a Company Entity are prohibited by law. The term Online Accounts shall exclude any domains, usernames, handles, social media accounts and similar online accounts which I have registered, or may in the future register, under my name exclusively for my personal use. If any Online Account that is not (or by the terms of such Online Account cannot be) registered in the name of a Company Entity is registered in my name or under my control, I agree to assign ownership and control of such Online Account to any person designated by the relevant Company Entity upon that entity s request and at that entity s expense. I agree to use any Online Account, whether registered in my name or the name of a Company Entity, in compliance with any applicable policies or guidelines of the Company Entities. 
 
 3. No Expectation of Privacy . I agree that I have no expectation of privacy with respect to the Company Entities telecommunications, networking or information processing systems (including, without limitation, files, e-mail messages and voice messages) and that my activity and any files or messages on or using any of those systems may be monitored at any time without notice. I further agree that any property situated on the Company Entities premises, including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to reasonable inspection by Company Entity personnel at any time with or without notice. 
 
 4. Return of Equipment and Documents . Upon the termination of my employment for any reason, or at any time when so requested by a Company Entity, I agree to promptly return all Company Entity equipment, all Company Entity and client documents, any other Company Entity or client property in my possession or control, and any other materials containing Confidential Information, including all copies of same. I agree that on termination of my employment, or on demand, I will permit a representative of the Company Entities to access all data stored on any personal computer, laptop, PDA, telephone or other electronic device or storage media that I have used in any fashion in connection with my work for the Company Entities and to permanently remove, copy and or delete any data belonging to the Company Entities or related to the Company Entities, their customers or their business. 
 
 5. Non-Solicitation Non-Compete (as applicable). 
 
 A. Non-Solicitation of Clients or Customers . I agree that I shall not, during my employment by the Company Entities, and for a period of one (1) year following termination of my employment for any reason, without the prior written consent of the Company, either directly or indirectly, on my own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Customer or Potential Customer (as defined below), to terminate, diminish, or materially alter in a manner harmful to any Company Entity its relationship with that Company Entity. 
 
 For purposes of this section, a Customer is any person or entity who or which, at any time during the one (1) year period prior to my contact with such person or entity as described above if such contact occurs during my employment or, if such contact occurs following the termination of my employment, during the one (1) year period prior to the date my employment ends contracted for, was billed for, or received from any Company Entity any product, service or process with which I worked 
 
 24 

directly or indirectly during my employment by the Company Entities or about which I acquired Confidential Information. 
 
 For purposes of this section, Potential Customer means any person or entity who or which, at any time during the one (1) year period prior to my contact with such person or entity as described above if such contact occurs during my employment or, if such contact occurs following the termination of my employment, during the one (1) year period prior to the date my employment ends (i) was in contact with me or in contact with any other employee, owner, or agent of any Company Entity, of which contact I was or should have been aware, concerning the sale or purchase of, or contract for, any product, service or process with which I worked directly or indirectly during my employment with the Company Entities or about which I acquired Confidential Information or (ii) was solicited by any Company Entity in an effort in which I was involved or of which I was aware. 
 
 B. Non-Solicitation of Employees . I agree that I shall not, directly or indirectly, for a period of one (1) year following the termination of my employment for any reason, solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing or encouraging any person known to me to be an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of any Company Entity to terminate his or her relationship with that Company Entity, even if I did not initiate the discussion or seek out the contact provided that, the Company agrees that I will not be deemed to have breached or violated Section 5.A or this Section 5.B if a Customer or Potential Customer, or an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of any Company Entity, responds directly to a general advertisement or solicitation not specifically targeted at such person or entity. 
 
 C. Non-Compete . I acknowledge that during my employment I will have access to and knowledge of proprietary information and that such proprietary information contains trade secrets. In order to protect the Company Entities legitimate business interests including (without limitation) their interests in the Company Entities trade secrets and proprietary information, their relationships with customers, and their customer goodwill, I agree that for the one (1) year period after the date my employment ends for any reason, including but not limited to voluntary termination by me or involuntary termination by the Company Entities (as extended pursuant to Section 10.D, if applicable), I will not, directly or indirectly, as an officer, director, employee, consultant, owner, partner, or in any other capacity solicit, perform, or provide, or attempt to perform or provide Conflicting Services (as defined below) anywhere in the Restricted Territory, to any person or organization that is engaged in a Competitive Undertaking, nor will I assist another person to solicit, perform or provide or attempt to perform or provide Conflicting Services to any person or organization that is engaged in a Competitive Undertaking, anywhere in the Restricted Territory. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agrees and acknowledges that I may hold up to five percent (5 of the outstanding equity interest in a publicly held company that is engaged in any Competitive Undertaking. In addition to the foregoing, the Company agrees and acknowledges that it will not be a breach or violation of this Section 5.C for me to be employed by or provide services to a third party that is engaged in a Competitive Undertaking and that also is engaged in the manufacture, development or sale of any product, service or process or the research and development thereof, which is not directly competitive with a product, service, or process or the research and development thereof of the Company Entities, with which I worked during my employment or about which I acquired proprietary information during my employment, so long as I am not employed to 
 
 25 

provide Conflicting Services to the competing portion of such third party and do not provide any information regarding the services that I provided to or performed for the Company Entities during my employment with the Company Entities. 
 
 The parties agree that for purposes of this Agreement, Competitive Undertaking means the manufacture, development or sale of any product, service, or process or the research and development thereof, by any person or organization other than the Company Entities, that is directly competitive with a product, service, or process or the research and development thereof of the Company Entities, with which I worked directly or indirectly during my employment or about which I acquired proprietary information during my employment. 
 
 The parties agree that for purposes of this Agreement, Conflicting Services means the services that I performed for the Company Entities. 
 
 The parties agree that for purposes of this Agreement, Restricted Territory means the one hundred 
 (100) mile radius of any of the following locations (i) any Company Entity business location at which I have worked on a regular or occasional basis during the preceding year (ii) my home if I work from home on a regular or occasional basis (iii) any potential business location of the Company Entities under active consideration by the Company Entities to which I have traveled in connection with the consideration of that location (iv) the primary business location of a Customer or Potential Customer 
 (v) any business location of a Customer or Potential Customer where representatives of the Customer or Potential Customer with whom I have been in contact in the preceding year are based or (vi) any other location in any other country or state in which I have been engaged or involved in the Company Entities efforts to market or sell products or services. 
 
 6. Notification of Other Employers . The Company Entities and I may notify any future or prospective employer or third party of the existence and terms of this Agreement. 
 
 7. No Conflicts . 
 
 A. No Conflicting Obligations . I represent and warrant that my performance of this Agreement does not and will not breach any written or oral agreement I have entered into, or will enter into, with any other party. I will not induce the Company Entities to use any Inventions or confidential proprietary information or material belonging to any other client, employer or other party. I agree not to enter into any written or oral agreement that conflicts with this Agreement or otherwise creates a conflict of interest with my service to the Company Entities. 
 
 B. No Conflicting Activities . I agree that, during the term of my employment, I will not (i) engage in any activity (whether or not during business hours) that is in any way competitive, or prepare to compete, with the business or demonstrably anticipated business of the Company Entities, (ii) assist any other person or organization in competing, or in preparing to compete, with any business or demonstrably anticipated business of the Company Entities, or (iii) act as an employee, consultant, director or advisor to any other business, or take any action that would constitute a conflict of interest, without the prior written consent of the Company or its designee. 
 
 26 

8. At-Will Relationship . I understand and acknowledge that, except as may be explicitly provided in a separate written agreement with the Company, my employment is at-will, as defined under applicable law, meaning that either I or the Company may terminate my employment at any time for any reason or no reason, without further obligation or liability, other than those provisions of this Agreement that explicitly survive the termination of my employment. 
 
 9. Termination Certificate . I agree that I will complete and sign the Termination Certificate attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 
 10. Damages and Injunctive Relief . 
 
 A. I understand and agree that the Company Entities will suffer irreparable harm in the event that I breach any of my obligations in this Agreement and that monetary damages will be inadequate to compensate the Company Entities for such breach. Accordingly, I agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by me of this Agreement, the Company Entities, in addition to and not in limitation of any other rights, remedies or damages available to the Company Entities at law or in equity, shall, be entitled to a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction and or permanent injunction, without posting of a bond, in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach by me, or by any or all of my partners, co-venturers, employers, employees, servants, agents, representatives and any and all persons directly or indirectly acting for, on behalf of or with me. 
 
 B. If a court determines that I have breached or attempted or threatened to breach this Agreement, I consent to the granting of an injunction restraining me from further breaches or attempted or threatened breaches of this Agreement, compelling me to comply with this Agreement, and or prescribing other equitable remedies. 
 
 C. If the Company Entities must pursue legal action to enforce or enjoin any action on my part in contravention of any provision of this Agreement, the Company Entities will be entitled to recover their costs, including attorneys fees in connection with any action in which the relevant Company Entity successfully obtains an injunction and or damages. 
 
 D. In the event the Company Entities enforce this Agreement through a court order, I agree that the restrictions of Sections 5.A, 5.B and 5.C shall remain in effect for a period of twelve (12) months from the effective date of the Order enforcing the Agreement. 
 
 11. General Provisions . 
 
 A. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 B. Entire Agreement Amendments and Waivers . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company (or any other Company Entity) and me relating to its subject matter and supersedes all prior discussions and agreements (whether written or oral) between us with respect thereto. No amendments or waivers to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such amendment or waiver is to be enforced. The failure of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period will not be construed as a waiver of such rights. 
 
 27 

C. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is deemed void or unenforceable, such provision will nevertheless be enforced to the fullest extent allowed by law, and the validity of the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected. 
 
 D. Successors and Assigns . I understand that this Agreement is personal to me, that I will not have the right or ability to assign, transfer or subcontract any of my obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the Company, and that any attempt by me to do so will be void. I further understand that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement in whole or part without my consent to any of its successor assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and my successors and permitted assigns, and will be for the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 
 E. Advice of Counsel. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 28 

Signed this 10 day of December, 2019. 
 EMPLOYEE s Mark Thurmond (Signature) MARK THURMOND TENABLE, INC. By s Amit Yoran Name AMIT YORAN Title CEO 
 29 

EXHIBIT A 
 LIST OF PRE-EMPLOYMENT INVENTIONS 
 
 This List of Pre-Employment Inventions, along with any attached pages, is part of and incorporated by reference into the attached Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non- Solicitation Agreement. 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS TO EMPLOYEE Please identify in the DOCUMENT CHART below preexisting documents which describe, and upon which you will rely to establish your ownership of, your pre- employment inventions. Please do not disclose to the Company your pre-employment inventions in detail unless the Company expressly requests that you do. 
 
 In filling out the DOCUMENT CHART, please note that witnesses are people who have read and understood the referenced document and who therefore can testify to the existence of the inventions, ideas or works of authorship. Also, inventions, ideas, or works of authorship not owned by you (for example because they have been assigned to a prior employer) are not to be listed here. 
 
 If any documents are identified below, then the Company may request you to provide the documents and other information to determine if any impediments to employment by the Company exist. If you are unable to fill out the DOCUMENT CHART due to a prior confidentiality agreement, please instead provide the Company with a description of the kind of intellectual property right at issue, the party to whom you owe the duty of confidentiality, and your relationship to that party. 
 
 DOCUMENT CHART 
 No. Of 
 
 Document 
 Title On Document 
 Date On Document 
 Names Of Witnesses Signing The Document 
 No. Of Pages Of The Document 
 1 2 3 4 5 
 
 Signed Mark Thurmond Date (Employee's Full Name) 

30 

EXHIBIT B TERMINATION CERTIFICATE 
 I hereby certify that I have complied with and will continue to comply with all the terms of the Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement Agreement that I entered into on January 1, 2020, a copy of which is attached to this Termination Certificate. I further specifically certify the following (the capitalized terms below are defined in the Agreement) 
 
 1. I have returned to the Company and do not have in my possession any Confidential Information, Work Product, Third Party Information, Inventions, or other tangible or intangible property or information belonging to the Company Entities. 
 
 2. Other than my pre-employment Inventions disclosed on Exhibit A and those Inventions excluded by Section 2.D of the Agreement, I have disclosed to the Company all Inventions. I have assigned or hereby do assign all such Inventions to the Company. I will assist the Company in all reasonable ways to establish and protect the Company s ownership of such Inventions. 
 
 3. Either (check one) 
 
 I have not used my own personal computer, laptop, PDA, telephone or other electronic devices or storage media in any fashion in connection with my work for the Company Entities. 
 
 OR 
 
 I have provided the Company with access to any personal computer, laptop, PDA, telephone or other electronic devices or storage media I used in any fashion in connection with my work to permanently remove, copy and or delete any data belonging to the Company Entities or related to the Company Entities, their customers or their business. 
 
 4. In compliance with the Agreement, I will preserve as confidential and not use or disclose any Confidential Information. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, I acknowledge that the Company Entities have identified the following as information disclosed to me in the course of my employment that it considers to be highly Confidential Information subject to the Agreement 
 
 Dated 12 10 2019 s Mark Thurmond (Signature) 
 
 31 

Exhibit D 
 
 Separation Agreement 
 
 This Separation Agreement (this Agreement is made as of the date executed below by and between Tenable, Inc. Tenable Holdings, Inc. (the Company and Mark Thurmond (or his or her estate, as applicable) Executive (collectively, the Parties and is entered into pursuant to Section 6.2 of that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Executive, effective as of January 1, 2020 (the Employment Agreement ). All capitalized terms used in this Agreement, and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings set forth in the Employment Agreement. 
 
 In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, state and agree as provided below. 
 
 1. Separation Date . The parties agree that the cessation of Executive s employment and tenure with the Company and all of the Company s Affiliates will be effective . As of that date, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all positions with the Company, including and all positions with any and all Affiliates of the Company. 
 
 2. Affirmation . Executive affirms that except as to any Accrued Obligations, Executive has been paid and or has received all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and or benefits to which Executive may be entitled and no other compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, severance, and or benefits are due to Executive, other than as provided in this Agreement. 
 
 3. Severance Benefits . If Executive (i) signs and returns this Agreement within 21 
 45 days of the Separation Date and does not revoke it within seven days after signing it (ii) does not breach, taking into account any applicable cure rights, Executive s post-termination obligations under the Employment Agreement and the Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non- Solicitation Agreement and (iii) complies with Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, and 10, Executive will be entitled to the severance benefits in connection with Executive s death or Disability payable pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Employment Agreement Non-CIC Severance Benefits payable pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Employment Agreement CIC Severance Benefits payable pursuant to Section 6.3 of the Employment Agreement , subject to the requirements of Section 6.7 of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 4. Benefit Plans. If Executive is currently participating in the Company s group health insurance plans, Executive s participation as an employee will end on the last day of the month in which the Separation Date occurs. Thereafter, to the extent provided by the federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance laws (collectively, COBRA ), and by the Company s current group health insurance policies, Executive and Executive s dependents are eligible to continue Executive s group health insurance benefits at Executive s own expense, and the Company shall pay the amounts of COBRA premiums in accordance with Section 6 of the Employment Agreement. Later, Executive may be able to convert to an individual policy through the provider of the Company s health insurance, if Executive wishes. Executive will be provided with a separate notice describing 
 
 32 

Executive s rights and obligations with respect to continued group health insurance coverage under the applicable state and or federal insurance laws. 
 
 Executive s participation in Employer-Sponsored Group Life Insurance and Short and Long Term 
 Disability Insurance or other applicable insurance will cease as of however, 
 Executive may elect to convert Executive s Insurance by contacting name title on or before . 
 
 Deductions for the 401(k) Plan will end with Executive s last regular paycheck. Executive will receive information by mail concerning 401(k) plan rollover procedures should Executive be a participant in this program. 
 
 Executive has the right to continue Executive s current Health Care Spending Account if Executive is participating in this program. Enclosed is the information concerning how to continue this benefit. Dependent Care Spending Accounts cannot be continued. Executive s last full Spending Account payroll deductions will be processed in the pay period. Unless Executive elects to continue Executive s Health Care Spending Account, Executive will only be eligible to claim expenses that Executive incurred prior to . 
 
 5. Equity Awards . The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive has received certain Equity Awards from Tenable Holdings, Inc. Holdings . Under the terms of Holdings equity plans and individual equity agreements, each Equity Award will continue to be eligible to vest through the Separation Date and vesting of the Equity Awards will cease as of the Separation Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Holdings equity plans, the individual equity agreements, and any other documents between Executive and Holdings setting forth the terms of the Equity Awards (the Equity Documents ), the Equity Awards may be subject to accelerated vesting as set forth in Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, provided all requisite preconditions therein and in this Separation Agreement are met. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, as a condition to any exercise of Executive s Equity Awards, the Company or Holdings may require Executive to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by Executive to the Company or Holdings of any tax withholding obligation of the Company or Holdings (except for the employer s share of any FICA), arising by reason of the exercise of Executive s Equity Awards. The Equity Awards, including Executive s rights to exercise the Equity Awards, remain subject to the terms of the Equity Documents. 
 
 6. Expense Reimbursements. Executive agrees that, within thirty (30) days of the Separation Date, Executive will submit Executive s final documented expense reimbursement statement reflecting all business expenses Executive incurred through the Separation Date, if any, for which Executive seeks reimbursement. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable business expenses pursuant to its regular business practice and in accordance with Section 2.4 of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 7. Return of Company Property. Within ten (10) days of the Separation Date, Executive shall return to the Company all equipment, documents (and all copies thereof) and other property belonging to the Company, an Affiliate, or a client, that Executive had in Executive s possession at any time, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, business plans and forecasts, financial information, specifications, computer-recorded information, 
 
 33 

tangible property (including, but not limited to, computers), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys and, any materials of any kind that contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions thereof). In addition, Executive shall, on the Separation Date or on demand, permit a representative of the Company or an Affiliate to access all data stored on any personal computer, laptop, PDA, telephone or other electronic device or storage media that Executive has used in any fashion in connection with Executive s work for the Company or any of its Affiliates, or their customers or their business for the sole purpose of removing or deleting any data belonging to the Company or its Affiliates or their customers or businesses. Receipt of any severance benefits under this Agreement or the Employment Agreement is expressly conditioned upon compliance with this provision. 
 
 8. Confidential Information and Post-Termination Obligations. Both during and after Executive s employment, Executive acknowledges Executive s continuing obligations under the Intellectual Property, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Solicitation Agreement, not to use or disclosure of the Company s proprietary or confidential information or materials. A copy of the Intellectual Property, Non-disclosure, and Non-solicitation Agreement is attached hereto as an exhibit. If Executive has any doubts as to the scope of the restrictions in such agreement, Executive should contact name title immediately to assess Executive s compliance. The Company will enforce its contract rights and thus Executive agrees to familiarize him or herself with the Intellectual Property, Non-disclosure, and Non-solicitation Agreement Executive signed. Confidential information that is also a trade secret , as defined by law, may be disclosed (A) if it is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, in the event that Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 9. Confidentiality. The provisions of this Agreement will be held in strictest confidence by Executive and will not be publicized or disclosed in any manner whatsoever provided, however, that (a) Executive may disclose this Agreement to Executive s immediate family (b) Executive may disclose this Agreement in confidence to Executive s attorney, accountant, auditor, tax preparer, and financial advisor and (c) Executive may disclose this Agreement insofar as such disclosure may be required by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit Executive s right to voluntarily communicate with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, United States Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, other federal government agency or similar state or local agency or to discuss the terms and conditions of Executive s employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 
 
 10. Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees not to disparage the Company, its Affiliates, or their officers or directors, in any manner likely to be harmful to them or their business, business reputation or personal reputation. The Company agrees that it will instruct the current executive officers and Board of Director members of the Company and its Affiliates to not disparage Executive, in any manner likely to be harmful to Executive or Executive s business, business reputation or 
 
 34 

personal reputation. Nothing in this provision, or in any other provision of this Agreement, should be construed to limit the parties covered by this section from (a) complying with any valid subpoena or court order (about which the party receiving the subpoena or court order shall provide the party as to whom the non-disparagement obligation is owed with prompt notice, a copy of the subpoena or court order, and a transcript of any testimony, all to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law or policy) (b) cooperating with any government investigation or inquiry (c) voluntarily communicating, without notice to or approval by the party to whom the non-disparagement obligation is owed, with any government agency regarding a potential violation of any law or regulation (d) requesting or receiving confidential legal advice (e) responding to disparaging statements made about the party or defending oneself in connection with any litigation or investigation or (f) enforcing their rights under this Agreement. In addition, nothing in this provision, or any other provision of this Agreement, shall limit (i) the Company or an Affiliate s right to conduct in good faith investigations or inquiries regarding any potential violation of law and making any statement it concludes in good faith is otherwise required under any other applicable law or (ii) Executive s right to voluntarily communicate with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, United States Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, other federal government agency or similar state or local agency or to discuss the terms and conditions of Executive s employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 
 
 11. Release. In exchange for the benefits referenced in Section 3 of this Agreement and other consideration under this Agreement, and except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Executive, on behalf of him or herself and, to the extent permitted by law, on behalf of Executive s spouse, heirs, descendants, executors, administrators, assigns, successors, insurers, attorneys and other persons or entities, acting or purporting to act on Executive s behalf (collectively, the Executive Parties ), hereby generally and completely release, waive, acquit and forever discharge the Company, its Affiliates, and its and their officers, directors, managers, partners, agents, representatives, employees, attorneys, shareholders, predecessors, successors, assigns, insurers and affiliates (the Company Parties of and from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, contentions, actions, causes of action, suits, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities, debts, judgments, levies, executions and obligations of every kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, both known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, liquidated and unliquidated, arising out of or in any way related to Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, which involve events, acts or conduct that occur at any time prior to and including the execution date of this Agreement, including but not limited to claims or demands related to wages, salary, bonuses, commissions, expenses, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company or its Affiliates, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements, severance pay, or any other form of compensation claims pursuant to any federal, state or local law, statute, or cause of action tort law or contract law (individually a Claim and collectively Claims ). The Claims released and waived in this Agreement include, but are not limited to, any and all Claims that any of the Company Parties 
 
 has violated or breached its personnel policies, handbooks, contracts, implied contracts, or covenants of good faith and fair dealing 
 
 35 

has discriminated against Executive on the basis of age, race, color, sex (including sexual harassment), national origin, ancestry, disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, source of income, entitlement to benefits, any union activities or other protected category in violation of, or in any manner otherwise violated, any local, state or federal law, constitution, ordinance, or regulation, including but not limited to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended ADEA Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended the Civil Rights Act of 1991 42 U.S.C. 1981, as amended the Equal Pay Act the Americans With Disabilities Act the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the California Labor Code the California Family Rights Act the California Fair Employment and Housing Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act the Employee Polygraph Protection Act the Immigration Reform and Control Act the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the Occupational Safety and Health Act the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act the anti-retaliation provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any other federal or state law regarding whistleblower retaliation the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the National Labor Relations Act 
 
 has violated any statute, public policy or common law (including but not limited to Claims for wrongful or retaliatory discharge negligent hiring, retention or supervision defamation slander libel intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress and or mental anguish intentional interference with contract fraud misrepresentation negligence detrimental reliance loss of consortium to Executive or any member of Executive s family and or promissory estoppel). 
 
 Except to the extent such agreement is prohibited by applicable law or regulation, Executive agrees that if Executive attempts to avoid or set aside the terms of this Agreement or if a Company Party successfully asserts the Agreement as a defense or bar to any suit or claim asserted by Executive, Executive shall be liable for reimbursing the Company Party for its reasonable costs and attorneys fees in defending against such claims or asserting such defense. Should any third party bring any action or claim against any of the Company Parties on Executive s behalf, Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement provides the Executive with full relief and the Executive will not accept any additional relief. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive does not waive or release rights or Claims that may arise from events that occur after the date this waiver is executed. Also excluded from this Agreement are any Claims which cannot be waived by law, including, without limitation, any rights Executive may have under applicable workers compensation laws and Executive s right, if applicable, to file or participate in an investigative proceeding of any federal, state or local governmental agency. Nothing in this Agreement waives any right held by Executive to indemnification or advancement of expenses under (i) the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or comparable documents of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, (ii) any written agreement with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, (iii) applicable law, or (iv) any insurance policy providing directors and officers coverage. Nothing shall prevent Executive from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding or investigation before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, United States 
 
 36 

Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing or any other federal government agency, or similar state or local agency Government Agencies ), or exercising any rights pursuant to Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. Executive further understands this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to voluntarily communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company Parties. While this Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Executive understands and agrees that, Executive is otherwise waiving, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all rights Executive may have to individual relief based on any Claims that Executive has released and any rights Executive has waived by signing this Agreement. If any Claim is not subject to release, to the extent permitted by law, Executive waives any right or ability to be a class or collective action representative or to otherwise participate in any putative or certified class, collective or multi-party action or proceeding based on such a Claim in which any of the Company Parties is a party. This Agreement does not abrogate Executive s existing rights under any Company benefit plan or any plan or agreement related to equity ownership in the Company however, it does waive, release and forever discharge Claims existing as of the date Executive executes this Agreement pursuant to any such plan or agreement other than any vested rights or unpaid welfare benefits under any ERISA-covered employee benefit plans as of the date Executive executes this Agreement. 
 
 12. Section 1542 Waiver . In giving the release herein, which includes claims which may be unknown to Executive at present, Executive acknowledges that Executive has read and understands Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads as follows 
 
 A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. 
 
 Executive hereby expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any other jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to Executive s release of claims herein, including but not limited to Executive s release of unknown claims 
 
 13. Acknowledgments and Affirmations Effective Date of Agreement. Executive acknowledges that Executive is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any and all rights Executive may have under the ADEA, as amended. Executive also acknowledges and agrees that (i) the consideration given to Executive in exchange for the waiver and release in this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled, and (ii) that Executive has been paid for all time worked, has received all the leave, leaves of absence and leave benefits and protections for which Executive is eligible, and has not suffered any on-the-job injury for which Executive has not already filed a Claim. Executive affirms that all of the decisions of the Company Parties regarding Executive s pay and benefits through the date of Executive s execution of this Agreement were not discriminatory based on age, disability, race, color, sex, religion, national origin or any other classification protected by law. Executive affirms that Executive has not filed or caused to be filed, and is not presently a party to, a Claim against any of the Company Parties. Executive 
 
 37 

further affirms that Executive has no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases. Executive acknowledges and affirms that Executive has not been retaliated against for reporting any allegation of corporate fraud or other wrongdoing by any of the Company Parties, or for exercising any rights protected by law, including any rights protected by the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family Medical Leave Act or any related statute or local leave or disability accommodation laws, or any applicable state workers compensation law. Executive further acknowledges and affirms that Executive has been advised by this writing that (a) Executive s waiver and release do not apply to any rights or Claims that may arise after the execution date of this Agreement (b) Executive has been advised hereby that Executive has the right to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (c) Executive has been given twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement (although Executive may choose to voluntarily execute this Agreement earlier and if Executive does Executive will sign the Consideration Period waiver below) (d) Executive has seven (7) days following Executive s execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement and (e) this Agreement shall not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired unexercised (the Effective Date ), which shall be the eighth day after this Agreement is executed by Executive. Executive further acknowledges that the Company has provided Executive with the ADEA disclosure statement required under Title 29 USC Section 626(f)(1)(H), attached hereto in connection with Executive s separation from service. 
 
 14. Cooperation. Executive is permitted to cooperate fully and truthfully with any government authority conducting an investigation into any potential violation of any law or regulation. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall prohibit Executive from providing such cooperation. Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company or any of its Affiliates, for any period he is receiving payments under this Agreement following Executive s termination of employment, in all matters relating to the winding up of Executive s pending work including, but not limited to, any litigation in which the Company or any of its Affiliates is involved, and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to such other Executives as may be designated by the Company or any of its Affiliates provided, that the Company agrees that the Company (a) shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Executive s other activities, and (b) shall promptly reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation including, but not limited to, any reasonable attorney s fees and costs that Executive incurs in connection with such cooperation, whether or not such attorney s fees and costs are otherwise are otherwise eligible for indemnification. 
 
 15. No Admission. This Agreement does not constitute an admission by the Company of any wrongful action or violation of any federal, state, or local statute, or common law rights, including those relating to the provisions of any law or statute concerning employment actions, or of any other possible or claimed violation of law or rights. 
 
 16. Breach. Executive agrees that upon any material breach of this Agreement Executive will forfeit all amounts paid or owing to Executive under this Agreement or the Employment Agreement. Further, Executive acknowledges that it may be impossible to assess the damages caused by Executive s violation of the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, and 10 of this Agreement and further agrees that any threatened or actual violation or breach of those Sections of this Agreement will constitute immediate and irreparable injury to the Company. Executive therefore agrees that any such breach of this Agreement is a material breach of this Agreement, and, in addition to any and all other damages 
 
 38 

and remedies available to the Company upon Executive s breach of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction to prevent Executive from violating or breaching this Agreement. 
 
 17. Prevailing Party. The prevailing party in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be entitled to recover his or its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. 
 
 18. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, including any exhibits, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between Executive and the Company with regard to this subject matter. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed by both Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company. This Agreement will bind the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of both Executive and the Company, and inure to the benefit of both Executive and the Company, their heirs, successors and assigns. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this Agreement and the provision in question will be modified by the court so as to be rendered enforceable. This Agreement will be deemed to have been entered into and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland as applied to contracts made and to be performed entirely within Maryland. Any dispute between Executive and the Company arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with Section 7.9 of the Employment Agreement. The headings of the sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof. This Agreement may be executed by electronic transmission and in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO THE EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT. HAVING ELECTED TO SIGN THIS AGREEMENT AND TO FULFILL THE PROMISES SET FORTH HEREIN, THE PARTIES FREELY AND KNOWINGLY, AND AFTER DUE CONSIDERATION, ENTER THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 COMPANY By s Amit Yoran Date 12 10 2019 EXECUTIVE By s Mark Thurmond Date 12 10 2019 

39 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 q42022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Tenable, Inc. Delaware Accurics, Inc. Delaware Tenable Network Security Ireland Limited Ireland Alsid, SAS France Tenable Public Sector LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 q42022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-240164) of Tenable Holdings, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-236759) pertaining to the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-253376) pertaining to the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226347) pertaining to the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-230040) pertaining to the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-263050) pertaining to the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the Tenable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Tenable Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Tenable Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 q42022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Amit Yoran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Amit Yoran Amit Yoran Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 q42022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Stephen A. Vintz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Stephen A. Vintz Stephen A. Vintz Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 q42022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tenable Holdings, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Tenable Holdings, Inc. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Amit Yoran Amit Yoran Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) Date February 24, 2023 By s Stephen A. Vintz Stephen A. Vintz Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tenb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tenb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tenb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tenb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tenb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

