<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_853816_0001193125-23-048874.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9136923</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>346374</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1572915</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3102762</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2036257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1780819</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-048874.hdr.sgml : 20231024

<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224165159

<PRIVATE-TO-PUBLIC>

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-048874

CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K

PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96

CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231

FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224

DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224


FILER:


	COMPANY DATA:	

		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANDSTAR SYSTEM INC

		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000853816

		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCKING (NO LOCAL) [4213]

		IRS NUMBER:				061313069

		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228



	FILING VALUES:

		FORM TYPE:		10-K

		SEC ACT:		1934 Act

		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21238

		FILM NUMBER:		23668218



	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	

		STREET 1:		13410 SUTTON PARK DRIVE SOUTH

		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE

		STATE:			FL

		ZIP:			32224

		BUSINESS PHONE:		9043989400



	MAIL ADDRESS:	

		STREET 1:		LANDSTAR SYSTEM INC

		STREET 2:		13410 SUTTON PARK DRIVE SOUTH

		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE

		STATE:			FL

		ZIP:			32224




</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-048874.txt : 20231024

10-K
 1
 d428854d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant was (based on the per share closing price on June 25, 2022, the last business day of the Company s second fiscal quarter, as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market). In making this calculation, the registrant has assumed, without admitting for any purpose, that all directors and executive officers of the registrant, and no other persons, are affiliates. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), outstanding as of the close of business on January 27, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the following document are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K
 as indicated herein: 

Document

Part of 10-K

Into Which Incorporated

Proxy Statement relating to Landstar System, Inc. s Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on May 10, 2023

Part III

Table of Contents 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

12 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

19 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

19 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

19 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

19 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

20 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 

22 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

22 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

37 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

39 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

63 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

63 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

66 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

66 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

67 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

67 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

67 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

67 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

67 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

68 

Signatures 

71 

EX 31.1 Section 302 CEO Certification 

EX 31.2 Section 302 CFO Certification 

EX 32.1 Section 906 CEO Certification 

EX 32.2 Section 906 CFO Certification 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business Introduction Landstar System, Inc. was incorporated in January 1991 under the laws of the State of Delaware and has been a publicly held company since its initial public offering in March 1993. The principal executive offices of Landstar System, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries and other affiliated companies referred to herein as Landstar or the Company, unless the context otherwise requires) is located at 13410 Sutton Park Drive South, Jacksonville, Florida 32224 and its telephone number is (904) 398-9400. The Company makes available free of charge through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements on Schedule 14A and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Company s website is www.landstar.com. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains the Company s current and periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically with the SEC. Description of Business Landstar, is a worldwide, technology-enabled, asset-light provider of integrated transportation management solutions delivering safe, specialized transportation services to a broad range of customers utilizing a network of agents, third party capacity providers and employees. The Company offers services to its customers across multiple transportation modes, with the ability to arrange for individual shipments of freight to comprehensive third party logistics solutions to meet all of a customer s transportation needs. Landstar provides services principally throughout the United States and to a lesser extent in Canada and Mexico, and between the United States and Canada, Mexico and other countries around the world. The Company s services emphasize safety, information coordination and customer service and are delivered through a network of over 1,100 independent commission sales agents and over 108,000 third party capacity providers, primarily truck capacity providers, linked together by a series of digital technologies which are provided and coordinated by the Company. The nature of the Company s business is such that a significant portion of its operating costs varies directly with revenue. Landstar markets its integrated transportation management solutions primarily through independent commission sales agents and exclusively utilizes third party capacity providers to transport customers freight. Landstar s independent commission sales agents enter into contractual arrangements with the Company and are responsible for locating freight, making that freight available to Landstar s capacity providers and coordinating the transportation of the freight with customers and capacity providers. The Company s third party capacity providers consist of independent contractors who provide truck capacity to the Company under exclusive lease arrangements (the BCO Independent Contractors ), unrelated trucking companies who provide truck capacity to the Company under non-exclusive contractual arrangements (the Truck Brokerage Carriers ), air cargo carriers, ocean cargo carriers and railroads. Through this network of agents and capacity providers linked together by Landstar s ecosystem of digital technologies, Landstar operates an integrated transportation management solutions business primarily throughout North America with revenue of 7.4 billion during the most recently completed fiscal year. The Company reports the results of two operating segments: the transportation logistics segment and the insurance segment. Transportation Logistics Segment The transportation logistics segment provides a wide range of integrated transportation management solutions. Transportation services are provided by Landstar s Operating Subsidiaries : Landstar Ranger, Inc., Landstar Inway, Inc., Landstar Ligon, Inc., Landstar Gemini, Inc., Landstar Transportation Logistics, Inc., Landstar Global Logistics, Inc., Landstar Express America, Inc., Landstar Canada, Inc., Landstar Metro, S.A.P.I. de C.V., and as further described below under Truck Services , Landstar Blue, LLC. Transportation services offered by the Company include truckload, less-than-truckload and other truck transportation, rail intermodal, air cargo, ocean cargo, expedited ground and air delivery of time-critical freight, heavy-haul/specialized, U.S.-Canada and U.S.-Mexico cross-border, intra-Mexico, intra-Canada, project cargo and customs brokerage. Examples of the industries serviced by the transportation logistics segment include automotive parts and assemblies, consumer durables, building products, metals, chemicals, foodstuffs, heavy machinery, retail, electronics and military equipment. In addition, the transportation logistics segment provides transportation services to other transportation companies, including third party logistics and less-than-truckload service providers. The independent commission sales agents market services provided by the transportation logistics segment. Billings for freight transportation services are typically charged to customers on a per shipment basis for the physical transportation of freight and are referred to as transportation revenue. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the amount of revenue from external customers, measure of profit and total assets attributable to the transportation logistics segment for the last three fiscal years. 3 

Table of Contents 

Truck Services . The transportation logistics segment s truck transportation services include a full array of truckload transportation for a wide range of commodities and, to a lesser degree, less-than-truckload and other truck transportation services. A significant portion of the Company s truckload services is priced in the spot market and delivered over irregular or non-repetitive routes, while approximately 24 of the Company s fiscal year 2022 truck transportation revenue was generated by BCO Independent Contractors utilizing Landstar provided trailing equipment, which frequently is used on more routine, regular routes. The Company utilizes a broad assortment of equipment, including dry and specialty vans of various sizes, unsided/platform trailers (including flatbeds, drop decks and specialty trailers) and temperature-controlled vans. Available truck transportation services also include short-to-long haul movement of containers by truck and expedited ground and dedicated power-only truck capacity. During fiscal year 2022, revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors and Truck Brokerage Carriers was 35 and 54 , respectively, of consolidated revenue. Also, during fiscal year 2022, truck transportation revenue generated via van equipment and unsided/platform trailing equipment was 59 and 27 , respectively, of truck transportation revenue and less-than-truckload and other truck transportation revenue was 2 and 13 , respectively, of truck transportation revenue. The Company s truck services contributed 89 of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2022, 91 of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2021 and 92 of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2020. On May 6, 2020, the Company formed a new subsidiary that was subsequently renamed Landstar Blue, LLC Landstar Blue ). Landstar Blue arranges truckload brokerage services with a focus on the contract services market. Landstar Blue also helps the Company to develop and test digital technologies and processes for the benefit of all Landstar independent commission sales agents. On June 15, 2020, Landstar Blue completed the acquisition of an independent agent of the Company whose business focused on truckload brokerage services. The results of operations from Landstar Blue are presented as part of the Company s transportation logistics segment. Revenue from Landstar Blue represented approximately 1 of the Company s transportation logistics segment revenue in fiscal year 2022 and less than 1 in both fiscal years 2021 and 2020. Rail Intermodal Services. The transportation logistics segment has contracts with Class 1 domestic and Canadian railroads, certain short-line railroads and most major asset-based intermodal equipment providers, including agreements with stacktrain operators and container and trailing equipment companies. In addition, the transportation logistics segment has contracts with a vast network of local trucking companies that handle pick-up and delivery of rail freight. These contracts provide the transportation logistics segment the ability to transport freight via rail throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. The transportation logistics segment s rail intermodal service capabilities include trailer on flat car, container on flat car, box car and railcar. The transportation logistics segment s rail intermodal services contributed 2 of consolidated revenue in both fiscal years 2022 and 2021 and 3 in fiscal year 2020. Air and Ocean Services. The transportation logistics segment provides domestic and international air services and ocean services to its customers. The Company executes international air freight transportation as an International Air Transport Association IATA certified Indirect Air Carrier IAC and international ocean freight transportation as an Ocean Transportation Intermediary OTI licensed by the Federal Maritime Commission FMC as a non-vessel operating common carrier NVOCC and ocean freight forwarder. Through its network of independent commission sales agents, relationships within a global network of foreign transportation intermediaries and contracts with a number of airlines and ocean lines, the transportation logistics segment provides efficient and cost effective door-to-door transportation to most points in the world for a vast array of cargo types such as over-sized break bulk, consolidations, full container loads, less-than container loads and refrigerated freight. The transportation logistics segment s air and ocean services contributed 8 of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2022, 5 of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2021 and 3 of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2020. Insurance Segment The insurance segment is comprised of Signature Insurance Company Signature ), a wholly owned offshore insurance subsidiary, and Risk Management Claim Services, Inc. RMCS ). The insurance segment provides risk and claims management services to certain of Landstar s Operating Subsidiaries. In addition, it reinsures certain risks of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors and provides certain property and casualty insurance directly to certain of Landstar s Operating Subsidiaries. Revenue at the insurance segment represents reinsurance premiums from third party insurance companies that provide insurance programs to BCO Independent Contractors where all or a portion of the risk of loss is ultimately borne by Signature. Revenue at the insurance segment represented approximately 1 of the Company s consolidated revenue in each of fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the amount of revenue from external customers, measure of profit and total assets attributable to the insurance segment for the last three fiscal years. 4 

Table of Contents 

Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Management believes the following factors are particularly significant to the Company s operations: Agent Network The Company s primary day-to-day contact with its customers is through its network of independent commission sales agents and, to a lesser extent, through employees of the Company. The typical Landstar independent commission sales agent maintains a relationship with a number of shippers and services these shippers utilizing the Company s digital technologies and extensive network of third party capacity that provides various modes of transportation services to the Company. The Company provides assistance to the agents in developing additional relationships with shippers and enhancing agent and Company relationships with larger shippers through the Company s field employees, located throughout the United States and Canada. The Operating Subsidiaries provide programs to support the agents operations and tools and data to assist agents in establishing pricing for freight hauled by the various modes of transportation available to the agents. It is important to note that the Operating Subsidiaries, and not the Company s agents, contract directly with customers and generally assume the related credit risk and potential liability for freight losses or damages when the Company is providing transportation services as a motor carrier. Management believes the Company has more independent commission sales agents than any other asset-light integrated transportation management solutions company in the United States. Landstar s vast network of independent commission sales agent locations provides the Company regular contact with shippers at the local level and the capability to be highly responsive to shippers changing needs. The Company s large network of available capacity provides independent commission sales agents with the resources needed to service both large and small shippers. Through its agent network, the Company offers smaller shippers a level of service comparable to that typically enjoyed only by larger customers. Examples include the ability to provide transportation services on short notice, multiple pick-up and delivery points, automated information flow, access to specialized equipment, spotted van trailers and drop-and-hook operations. While the majority of the agents in the Company s network arrange truck transportation services for shippers, a number of the Company s agents specialize in certain types of freight and transportation services (such as oversized or heavy loads and/or rail, air and international freight transportation). Each independent commission sales agent has the opportunity to market all of the services provided by the transportation logistics segment. The independent commission sales agents use a variety of digital technologies provided by the Company to service the requirements of shippers. For truckload services, the Company s independent commission sales agents primarily use Landstar proprietary software which enables agents to enter available freight, dispatch capacity and process most administrative tasks and then communicate that information to Landstar and its capacity providers through either web-based or mobile tools. The Company s web-based available truck information system provides a listing of available truck capacity to the Company s independent commission sales agents. The Company also offers independent commission sales agents a variety of proprietary pricing, operational and financial tools via web or mobile applications. For modes of transportation other than truckload, the independent commission sales agents utilize both proprietary and third party information technology applications provided by the Company. Commissions to agents are based on contractually agreed-upon percentages of (i) revenue, (ii) revenue less the cost of purchased transportation, or (iii) revenue less a contractually agreed upon percentage of revenue retained by Landstar and the cost of purchased transportation (the retention contracts ). Commissions to agents as a percentage of consolidated revenue vary directly with fluctuations in the percentage of consolidated revenue generated by the various modes of transportation and reinsurance premiums and, in general, vary inversely with changes in the amount of purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue on services provided by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads, air cargo carriers and ocean cargo carriers. Commissions to agents are recognized over the freight transit period as the performance obligation to the customer is completed. The Company had 625 and 593 agents that each generated at least 1 million in Landstar revenue (the Million Dollar Agents during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Landstar revenue from the Million Dollar Agents in the aggregate represented 97 and 94 of consolidated revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included among the Company s Million Dollar Agents, the Company had 133 independent sales agencies that generated at least 10 million in Landstar revenue during the 2022 fiscal year, which in aggregate comprised approximately 74 of Landstar s consolidated revenue. Management believes that the majority of the Million Dollar Agents choose to represent the Company exclusively. Historically, the Company has experienced very few terminations of its Million Dollar Agents, whether such terminations are initiated by the agent or the Company. Annual terminations of Million Dollar Agents have typically been less than 3 of the total number of Million Dollar Agents. 5 

Table of Contents 

Third Party Capacity The Company relies exclusively on independent third parties for its hauling capacity other than for trailing equipment owned or leased by the Company and utilized primarily by the BCO Independent Contractors. These third party transportation capacity providers consist of BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers, air and ocean cargo carriers and railroads. Landstar s use of capacity provided by third parties allows it to maintain a lower level of capital investment, resulting in lower fixed costs. During fiscal year 2022, revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers and railroads represented approximately 35 , 54 and 2 , respectively, of the Company s consolidated revenue. Collectively, revenue generated by air and ocean cargo carriers represented approximately 8 of the Company s consolidated revenue during fiscal year 2022. Historically, variable contribution margin (defined as variable contribution, which is defined as revenue less variable costs of revenue, divided by revenue) generated from freight hauled by BCO Independent Contractors has been greater than that from freight hauled by other third party capacity providers. However, the Company s insurance and claims costs, depreciation costs and other operating costs are incurred primarily in support of BCO Independent Contractor capacity. In addition, as further described in the Corporate Services section that follows, the Company incurs significantly higher selling, general and administrative costs in support of BCO Independent Contractor capacity as compared to the other modes of transportation. Purchased transportation costs are recognized over the freight transit period as the performance obligation to the customer is completed. BCO Independent Contractors. Management believes the Company has the largest fleet of truckload BCO Independent Contractors in the United States. BCO Independent Contractors provide truck capacity to the Company under exclusive lease arrangements. Each BCO Independent Contractor operates under the motor carrier operating authority issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation DOT to Landstar s Operating Subsidiary to which such BCO Independent Contractor provides services and has leased his or her equipment. The Company s network of BCO Independent Contractors provides marketing, operating, safety, recruiting and retention advantages to the Company. The Company s BCO Independent Contractors are compensated primarily based on a contractually agreed-upon percentage of revenue generated by loads they haul. This percentage generally ranges from 62 to 70 where the BCO Independent Contractor provides only a tractor and 73 to 76 where the BCO Independent Contractor provides both a tractor and trailing equipment. The BCO Independent Contractor must pay substantially all of the expenses of operating his/her equipment, including driver wages and benefits, fuel, physical damage insurance, maintenance, highway use taxes and debt service, if applicable. The Company passes 100 of fuel surcharges billed to customers for freight hauled by BCO Independent Contractors to its BCO Independent Contractors. During fiscal year 2022, the Company billed customers 445 million in fuel surcharges and passed 100 of such fuel surcharges to the BCO Independent Contractors. These fuel surcharges are excluded from revenue and the cost of purchased transportation. The Company maintains an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications through which BCO Independent Contractors can view a comprehensive listing of the Company s available freight, allowing them to consider rate, size, origin and destination when planning trips. The Company s LandstarOne mobile application provides BCO Independent Contractors information on loading opportunities as well as fueling station locations, retail fuel prices, fuel prices net of Landstar-arranged discounts and applicable state fuel tax credits, and equipment inspection site locations. The Landstar Contractors Advantage Purchasing Program LCAPP leverages Landstar s purchasing power to provide discounts to eligible BCO Independent Contractors when they purchase equipment, fuel, tires and other items. In addition, Landstar Contractor Financing, Inc. provides a source of funds at competitive interest rates to the BCO Independent Contractors to purchase trailing equipment. The number of trucks provided to the Company by BCO Independent Contractors was 11,281 at December 31, 2022, compared to 11,864 at December 25, 2021. At December 31, 2022, approximately 97 of the trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors were provided by BCO Independent Contractors who provided five or fewer trucks to the Company. The number of trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors fluctuates daily as a result of truck recruiting and truck terminations. Less trucks were recruited in fiscal year 2022 than in fiscal year 2021 and trucks terminated were higher in fiscal year 2022 than in fiscal year 2021, resulting in an overall net decrease of 583 trucks during fiscal year 2022. Landstar s BCO Independent Contractor truck turnover was approximately 29 in fiscal year 2022, compared to 21 in fiscal year 2021. Approximately 32 of 2022 turnover was attributable to BCO Independent Contractors who had been with the Company for less than one year. Management believes the factors that have historically favorably impacted turnover include the Company s extensive agent network, the quantity and quality of available freight, the proprietary technology-based tools the Company makes available to BCO Independent Contractors 6 

Table of Contents 

to empower them to manage their businesses, the Company s programs to reduce the operating costs of its BCO Independent Contractors and Landstar s reputation for quality, service, reliability and financial strength. Decreasing revenue per load on a sequential basis historically has had an unfavorable impact on BCO Independent Contractor turnover. During fiscal year 2022, revenue per load reached its all-time high during the Company s 2022 first quarter and sequentially decreased throughout the second, third and fourth fiscal quarters. In October 2020, the Company announced a new initiative in further support of its network of BCO Independent Contractors. This initiative involved the establishment of multiple field operations centers located in the United States and Canada to further support the Company s ongoing efforts in recruiting and retaining BCO Independent Contractors. In connection with this initiative, the Company recorded commission program termination costs of 15,494,000 related to buyouts of certain incentive commission arrangements with several of its independent sales agents due to the Company s discontinuation of a truck owner-operator recruitment and retention program formerly involving those agents. Truck Brokerage Carriers. At December 31, 2022, the Company maintained a database of over 97,000 approved Truck Brokerage Carriers who provide truck capacity to the Company. Truck Brokerage Carriers provide truck capacity to the Company under non-exclusive contractual arrangements and each operates under its own DOT-issued motor carrier operating authority. Truck Brokerage Carriers are paid either a negotiated rate for each load hauled or, to a lesser extent, a contractually agreed-upon fixed rate per load. The Company recruits, approves, establishes contracts with and tracks safety ratings and service records of these third party trucking companies. In addition to providing additional capacity to the Company, the use of Truck Brokerage Carriers enables the Company to pursue different types and quality of freight such as short-haul traffic, less-than-truckload and, in certain instances, lower-priced freight that generally would not be handled by the Company s BCO Independent Contractors. The Company maintains an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications through which Truck Brokerage Carriers can view a listing of the Company s freight that is available to them. The Landstar Savings Plus Program leverages Landstar s purchasing power to provide discounts to eligible Truck Brokerage Carriers when they purchase fuel and equipment and provides the Truck Brokerage Carriers with an electronic payment option. Railroads and Air and Ocean Cargo Carriers. The Company has contracts with Class 1 domestic and Canadian railroads, certain short-line railroads and domestic and international airlines and ocean lines. These relationships allow the Company to pursue the freight best serviced by these forms of transportation capacity. Railroads and ocean cargo carriers are paid either a negotiated rate for each load hauled or a contractually agreed-upon fixed rate per load. Air cargo carriers are generally paid a negotiated rate for each load hauled. The Company also contracts with other third party capacity providers, such as air charter service providers, when required by specific customer needs. Trailing Equipment The Company offers its customers a large and diverse fleet of trailing equipment. The following table illustrates the mix of the trailing equipment as of December 31, 2022, either provided by the BCO Independent Contractors or owned or leased by the Company and made available primarily to BCO Independent Contractors. The Company also provides power-only services, as reported in other truck transportation revenue, utilizing trailing equipment generally provided by the shipper or other third party. In general, Truck Brokerage Carriers utilize their own trailing equipment when providing transportation services on behalf of Landstar. Power-only and Truck Brokerage Carrier trailing equipment is not included in the following table: 

Trailers by Type 

Van 

15,564 

Unsided/platform, including flatbeds, step decks, drop decks and low boys 

2,834 

Temperature-controlled 

195 

Total 

18,593 

Specialized services offered by the Company include those provided by a large fleet of flatbed trailers and multi-axle trailers capable of hauling extremely heavy or oversized loads. Management believes the Company, along with its network of capacity providers, offers one of the largest fleets of heavy/specialized trailing equipment in North America. At December 31, 2022, 14,704 of the trailers available to the BCO Independent Contractors were owned by the Company and 241 were rented. In addition, at December 31, 2022, 3,648 trailers were provided by the BCO Independent Contractors. Approximately 24 of Landstar s truck transportation revenue was generated on Landstar-provided trailing equipment during fiscal year 2022. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Customers The Company s customer base is highly diversified and dispersed across many industries, commodities and geographic regions. The Company s top 100 customers accounted for approximately 44 and 46 , respectively, of consolidated revenue during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Management believes that the Company s overall size, ecosystem of digital technologies and applications, geographic coverage, access to equipment and diverse service capability offer the Company significant competitive marketing and operating advantages. These advantages allow the Company to meet the needs of even the largest shippers. Larger shippers often consider reducing the number of authorized carriers they use in favor of a small number of core carriers, such as the Company, whose size and diverse service capabilities enable these core carriers to satisfy most of the shippers transportation needs. The Company s national account customers include the United States Department of Defense and many of the companies included in the Fortune 500. Large shippers also use third party logistics providers 3PLs to outsource the management and coordination of their transportation needs. 3PLs and other transportation companies also utilize the Company s available transportation capacity to satisfy their obligations to their shippers. There were 14 transportation service providers, including 3PLs, included in the Company s top 25 customers for fiscal year 2022. Management believes the Company s network of agents and third party capacity providers allows it to efficiently attract and service smaller shippers which may not be as desirable to other large transportation providers (see above under Agent Network ). No customer accounted for more than 3 of the Company s 2022 revenue. Technology Landstar focuses on providing integrated transportation management solutions which emphasize customer service and information coordination among its independent commission sales agents, customers, capacity providers and employees. The Company continues to focus on identifying, purchasing or developing and implementing software applications and tools which are designed to: (i) assist Landstar independent commission sales agents in efficiently sourcing capacity, pricing transportation services and managing and analyzing the performance of their independent businesses, (ii) assist customers in meeting their transportation needs, (iii) assist third party capacity providers in identifying desirable freight opportunities and operating their independent businesses, and (iv) improve operational and administrative efficiency throughout the Company. Landstar intends to continue to improve its technologies to meet the total needs of its agents, customers and third party capacity providers and remains engaged in various multi-year projects aimed at increasing efficiencies, primarily through technology, at Landstar and across our agent and third party capacity network. Management believes leadership in the development, operation and support of an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications is an ongoing part of providing high quality service. The Company has engaged in a multi-year effort to implement a comprehensive strategy focused on the long-term development of leading edge digital tools to empower participants in our network to succeed in the technology-driven transportation logistics marketplace. As part of the execution of this strategy, the Company has launched the following tools to participants within our network: 

Agent TMS: A cloud-based platform for truckload freight agent workflow. 

Analytics: A suite of business intelligence applications powered by Microsoft Power BI for independent sales agents and BCO Independent Contractors to access information and identify trends in their businesses. 

Pricing: Landstar-proprietary pricing tools developed with data scientists using historical Company information and third party pricing data to provide independent commission sales agents with near real time market data. 

LandstarOne : Mobile application available to BCO Independent Contractors and third party motor carriers providing a one-stop location for available loading opportunities as well as fueling station locations, retail fuel prices, fuel prices net of Landstar-arranged discounts and applicable state fuel tax credits, and equipment inspection site locations. 

Clarity: Landstar s proprietary freight tracking exception management tool that incorporates geo-positional data from, among other sources, electronic logging devices, trailer tracking devices and third party data aggregators. 

Trailer Tools: Applications empowering independent commission sales agents through the automation of the Company s trailer request and trailer pool management processes. 

Credit: Application that automates the credit request process for independent commission sales agents. Since the launch of this initiative in 2016, the Company has invested approximately 123 million in this strategic development effort, including approximately 33 million and 27 million, respectively, in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

The Company s information technology systems used in connection with its operations are located in Jacksonville, Florida and, to a lesser extent, in Rockford, Illinois. In addition, the Company utilizes several third party data centers throughout the U.S. Landstar relies, in the regular course of its business, on the proper operation of its information technology systems. Corporate Services The Company provides many administrative support services to its network of independent commission sales agents, third party capacity providers and customers. Management believes that the mobile and digital applications purchased or developed and maintained by the Company and its administrative support services provide operational and financial advantages to its independent commission sales agents, third party capacity providers and customers. These, in turn, enhance the operational and financial efficiency of all aspects of the network. Administrative support services that provide operational and financial advantages to the network include customer contract administration, customer credit review and approvals, pricing, customer billing, accounts receivable collections, third party capacity settlement, operator and equipment safety and compliance management for our network of BCO Independent Contractors, insurance claims handling, coordination of vendor discount programs and third party capacity sourcing programs. Marketing and advertising strategies are also provided by the Company. The Company s practices of accepting customer credit risk and paying its agents and carriers promptly provides a significant competitive advantage to the Company in comparison to less capitalized competitors. Competition Landstar competes primarily in the transportation and logistics services industry with truckload carriers, third party logistics companies, digital freight brokers, intermodal transportation and logistics service providers, railroads, less-than-truckload carriers and other asset-light transportation and logistics service providers. The transportation and logistics services industry is extremely competitive and fragmented. Management believes that competition for freight transported by the Company is based on service, efficiency and freight rates, which are influenced significantly by the economic environment, particularly the amount of available transportation capacity and freight demand. Management believes that Landstar s overall size, service offerings and availability of a wide range of equipment, together with its geographically dispersed local independent agent network, present the Company with significant competitive advantages over many transportation and logistics service providers. Self-Insured Claims Potential liability associated with accidents in the trucking industry is severe and occurrences are unpredictable. For periods prior to May 1, 2019, Landstar retains liability for commercial trucking claims up to 5 million per occurrence and maintains various third party insurance arrangements for liabilities in excess of its 5 million self-insured retention. Effective May 1, 2019, the Company entered into a new three year commercial auto liability insurance arrangement for losses incurred between 5 million and 10 million (the Initial Excess Policy with a third party insurance company. The Company subsequently extended the Initial Excess Policy for one additional policy year, from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023. For commercial trucking claims incurred on or after May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023, the extended Initial Excess Policy provides for a limit for a single loss of 5 million, with a remaining aggregate limit of 10 million for the policy period ending April 30, 2023, and an option to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established amount of additional premium. If aggregate losses under the Initial Excess Policy exceed the aggregate limit for the period ending April 30, 2023, and the Company did not elect to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established amount of additional premium, the Company would retain liability of up to 10 million per occurrence, inclusive of its 5 million self-insured retention for commercial trucking claims during the remainder of the policy period ending April 30, 2023. The Company also maintains third party insurance arrangements providing excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of 10 million. These third party arrangements provide coverage on a per occurrence or aggregated basis. In recent years, there has been a significant increase in the occurrence of trials in courts throughout the United States involving catastrophic injury and fatality claims against commercial motor carriers that have resulted in verdicts in excess of 10 million. Within the transportation logistics industry, these verdicts are often referred to as Nuclear Verdicts. The increase in Nuclear Verdicts has had a significant impact on the cost of commercial auto liability claims throughout the United States. Due to the increasing cost of commercial auto liability claims, the availability of excess coverage has significantly decreased, and the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, has significantly increased. Over the most recent three-year period, with respect to 9 

Table of Contents 

the annual policy year ending April 30, 2023, as compared to the annual policy year ended April 30, 2020, the Company experienced an increase of approximately 20 million, or over 360 , in the premiums charged by third party insurance companies to the Company for excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of 10 million. Moreover, in recent years the Company has increased the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims in excess of 10 million, including through the use of additional self-insurance, deductibles, aggregate loss limits, quota shares and other arrangements with third party insurance companies, based on the availability of coverage within certain excess insurance coverage layers and estimated cost differentials between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of excess insurance coverage. For example, with respect to a hypothetical claim in the amount of 35 million incurred during the annual policy year ending April 30, 2023, the Company would have an aggregate financial exposure of approximately 10 million. Furthermore, the Company s third party insurance arrangements provide excess coverage up to an uppermost coverage layer, in excess of which the Company retains additional financial exposure. No assurances can be given that the availability of excess coverage for commercial trucking claims will not continue to deteriorate, that the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, will not continue to increase, nor that insurance coverage from third party insurers for excess coverage of commercial trucking claims will even be available on commercially reasonable terms at certain levels. Moreover, the occurrence of a Nuclear Verdict, or the settlement of a catastrophic injury and/or fatality claim that could have otherwise resulted in a Nuclear Verdict, could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. Further, the Company retains liability of up to 1,000,000 for each general liability claim, up to 250,000 for each workers compensation claim and up to 250,000 for each cargo claim. In addition, under reinsurance arrangements by Signature of certain risks of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors, the Company retains liability of up to 500,000, 1,000,000 or 2,000,000 with respect to certain occupational accident claims and up to 750,000 with respect to certain workers compensation claims. The Company s exposure to liability associated with accidents incurred by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads and air and ocean cargo carriers who transport freight on behalf of the Company is reduced by various factors including the extent to which such carriers maintain their own insurance coverage. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, cargo claims or workers compensation claims or the material unfavorable development of existing claims could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. Regulation Certain of the Operating Subsidiaries are considered motor carriers and/or brokers authorized to arrange for transportation services by motor carriers which are regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (the FMCSA and by various state agencies. The FMCSA has broad regulatory powers with respect to activities such as motor carrier operations, practices, periodic financial reporting and insurance. Subject to federal and state regulatory authorities or regulation, the Company s capacity providers may transport most types of freight to and from any point in the United States over any route selected. Interstate motor carrier operations are subject to safety requirements prescribed by the FMCSA. Each truck operator, whether working as a BCO Independent Contractor or for a Truck Brokerage Carrier, is required to have a commercial driver s license and may be subject to mandatory drug and alcohol testing. The FMCSA s commercial driver s license and drug and alcohol testing requirements have not adversely affected the Company s ability to source the capacity necessary to meet its customers transportation needs. Additionally, certain of the Operating Subsidiaries are licensed as Ocean Transportation Intermediaries by the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission as non-vessel-operating common carriers and/or as ocean freight forwarders. The Company s air transportation activities in the United States are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation as an indirect air carrier. One of the Operating Subsidiaries is licensed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through the Bureau of U.S. Customs and Border Protection U.S. Customs as a customs broker. The Company is also subject to regulations and requirements relating to safety and security promulgated by, among others, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through U.S. Customs and the Transportation Security Administration, the Canada Border Services Agency and various state and local agencies and port authorities. In addition, because the U.S. government is one of the Company s customers, the Company must comply with and is affected by laws and regulations relating to doing business with the federal government. The transportation industry is subject to other potential regulatory and legislative changes (such as the possibility of more stringent environmental, climate change and/or safety/security regulations, limits on vehicle weight and size and regulations relating to the health and wellness of commercial truck operators) that may affect the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices, by changing the demand for motor carrier services or the cost of providing truckload or other transportation or logistics services, or by adversely impacting the number of available commercial truck operators. 10 

Table of Contents 

For a discussion of the risks associated with these laws and regulations, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Seasonality Landstar s operations are subject to seasonal trends common to the trucking industry. Truckload volumes for the quarter ending in March are typically lower than for the quarters ending in June, September and December. Human Capital Resources We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We focus significant attention on attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations. To attract and retain top talent in our highly competitive industry, we have designed our compensation and benefits programs to provide a balanced and effective reward structure. Our short and long-term incentive programs are aligned with key business objectives and are intended to motivate strong performance. Our employees are eligible for medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings/retirement plan, flexible time-off, employer-provided life and disability insurance, our wellness program, our tuition reimbursement program, and an array of voluntary benefits designed to meet individual needs. We engage firms nationally recognized in the benefits area to objectively evaluate our programs and benchmark them against peers and other similarly situated organizations. Landstar seeks to compensate employees in a manner that is fair, consistent, and reflective of the external market and provides recognition for the achievement of individual goals, corporate objectives, and professional competencies while maintaining fiscal responsibility. To help us achieve this goal, in 2021, Landstar completed a review of employee compensation that included the establishment of new pay grades and applicable salary ranges for all exempt positions. This review followed a similar review of employee compensation for all information technology positions completed in 2020 and a review of all non-exempt positions completed in 2019. Based on applicable pay grades, salary ranges and market data, Landstar completed an annual salary review for all positions in 2022 in conjunction with its annual review and salary adjustment process. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries employed 1,449 individuals. Three Landstar Ranger drivers (out of a Company total of approximately 11,281 drivers for BCO Independent Contractors) are members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. The turnover rate for Landstar employees located in the United States and Canada was 17 in 2022, 13 in 2021 and 9 in 2020. The Company considers relations with its employees to be good. The Company has identified the following employee-focused goals: 

Create and maintain an environment in which continuous improvement is encouraged and expected by everyone within the organization; 

Engage each Landstar employee in the Company s vision to inspire and empower entrepreneurs to succeed in the highly competitive, technology driven freight transportation industry; and 

Ensure that all Landstar employees fully understand the requirements of their job and the role their job plays within Landstar. Landstar formally monitors employee satisfaction and engagement through periodic employee satisfaction and engagement surveys. The Company also uses employee roundtable and focus group discussions as well as exit interviews to monitor engagement and satisfaction. Landstar provides comprehensive professional development opportunities to employees at all levels. Landstar s training and development department offers all employees the opportunity to participate in various learning tracks on topics including Leadership, Workplace Safety Security, Customer Service and other core skills. Courses offered by the training and development department are delivered by Landstar s team of Association for Talent Development (ATD) certified trainers through both on-line and classroom settings. 11 

Table of Contents 

At our core, Landstar is about providing opportunity to people regardless of background. We do not tolerate racism or discriminatory behavior and strongly believe in diversity and inclusion. The Company reaffirms its commitment to equal employment opportunity for all people. The Company complies with all applicable federal and state laws pertaining to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action. It is our philosophy to treat our employees and applicants fairly without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, present, past, or future service in a branch of the uniformed services of the United States, citizenship, sexual orientation or gender identity. Our management teams and all of our employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must adhere to a code of ethics and employee compliance code that set standards for appropriate behavior and includes required annual training. During 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, we shifted the vast majority of our employees to a remote work environment and implemented a number of other measures to address the safety and health of our employees, BCO Independent Contractors, and independent commission sales agents. In 2022, as the immediate threat related to the COVID-19 pandemic subsided in the United States, many of our employees began to return to our offices and resume in-person meetings. As of the end of 2022, however, a significant majority of the Company s employees continued to work remotely or on a hybrid basis. 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors Operational Risks Increased severity or frequency of accidents and other claims or a material unfavorable development of existing claims. As noted above in Item 1, Business Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Self-Insured Claims, potential liability associated with accidents in the trucking industry is severe and occurrences are unpredictable. For periods prior to May 1, 2019, Landstar retains liability for commercial trucking claims up to 5 million per occurrence and maintains various third party insurance arrangements for liabilities in excess of its 5 million self-insured retention. Effective May 1, 2019, the Company entered into a new three year commercial auto liability insurance arrangement for losses incurred between 5 million and 10 million (the Initial Excess Policy with a third party insurance company. The Company subsequently extended the Initial Excess Policy for one additional policy year, from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023. For commercial trucking claims incurred on or after May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023, the extended Initial Excess Policy provides for a limit for a single loss of 5 million, with a remaining aggregate limit of 10 million for the policy period ending April 30, 2023, and an option to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established amount of additional premium. If aggregate losses under the Initial Excess Policy exceed the aggregate limit for the period ending April 30, 2023, and the Company did not elect to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established amount of additional premium, the Company would retain liability of up to 10 million per occurrence, inclusive of its 5 million self-insured retention for commercial trucking claims during the remainder of the policy period ending April 30, 2023. The Company also maintains third party insurance arrangements providing excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of 10 million. These third party arrangements provide coverage on a per occurrence or aggregated basis. In recent years, there has been a significant increase in the occurrence of trials in courts throughout the United States involving catastrophic injury and fatality claims against commercial motor carriers that have resulted in verdicts in excess of 10 million. Within the transportation logistics industry, these verdicts are often referred to as Nuclear Verdicts. The increase in Nuclear Verdicts has had a significant impact on the cost of commercial auto liability claims throughout the United States. Due to the increasing cost of commercial auto liability claims, the availability of excess coverage has significantly decreased, and the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, has significantly increased. Over the most recent three-year period, with respect to the annual policy year ending April 30, 2023, as compared to the annual policy year ended April 30, 2020, the Company experienced an increase of approximately 20 million, or over 360 , in the premiums charged by third party insurance companies to the Company for excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of 10 million. Moreover, in recent years the Company has increased the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims in excess of 10 million, including through the use of additional self-insurance, deductibles, aggregate loss limits, quota shares and other arrangements with third party insurance companies, based on the availability of coverage within certain excess insurance coverage layers and estimated cost differentials between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of excess insurance coverage. For example, with respect to a hypothetical claim in the amount of 35 million incurred during the annual policy year ending April 30, 2023, the Company would have an aggregate financial exposure of approximately 10 million. Furthermore, the Company s third party insurance arrangements provide excess coverage up to an uppermost coverage layer, in excess of which the Company retains additional financial exposure. No assurances can be given that the availability of excess coverage for commercial trucking claims will not continue to deteriorate, that the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, will not continue to increase, nor that insurance coverage from third party insurers for excess coverage of commercial trucking claims will even be available on commercially reasonable terms at certain levels. Moreover, the occurrence of a Nuclear Verdict, or the settlement of a catastrophic injury and/or fatality claim that could have otherwise resulted in a Nuclear Verdict, could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. 12 

Table of Contents 

Further, the Company retains liability of up to 1,000,000 for each general liability claim, up to 250,000 for each workers compensation claim and up to 250,000 for each cargo claim. In addition, under reinsurance arrangements by Signature of certain risks of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors, the Company retains liability of up to 500,000, 1,000,000 or 2,000,000 with respect to certain occupational accident claims and up to 750,000 with respect to certain workers compensation claims. The Company s exposure to liability associated with accidents incurred by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads and air and ocean cargo carriers who transport freight on behalf of the Company is reduced by various factors including the extent to which such carriers maintain their own insurance coverage. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, cargo claims or workers compensation claims or the material unfavorable development of existing claims could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. Dependence on third party insurance companies. The Company is dependent on a limited number of third party insurance companies to provide insurance coverage in excess of its self-insured retention amounts. Historically, the Company has maintained insurance coverage for commercial trucking claims in excess of its self-insured retention, up to various maximum amounts, with a limited number of third party insurance companies. In an attempt to manage the cost of insurance and claims, the Company has historically increased or decreased the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims by increasing or decreasing its level of self-insured retention based on the estimated cost differential between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of self-insured retention. Similarly, in its excess insurance layers, the Company may increase or decrease the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims, including through the use of additional self-insurance as well as deductibles, aggregate loss limits, quota shares and other arrangements with third party insurance companies, based on the estimated cost differential between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of excess insurance coverage. To the extent that the third party insurance companies propose increases to their premiums for coverage of commercial trucking claims, the Company may decide to pay such increased premiums or increase its financial exposure on an aggregate, per occurrence or other basis, including by increasing the amount of its self-insured retention. In fact, in recent years, several of the largest third party insurers providing excess coverage for commercial trucking claims in the United States announced that in light of increased severity trends related to the increase in losses attributable to unfavorable verdicts, they would no longer provide such coverage. Decisions by these third party insurers to exit this line of business have had a significant negative impact on the availability and pricing of excess coverage for commercial trucking claims in the United States. No assurances can be given that other third party insurers will not also decide to exit the market as a provider of excess coverage for commercial trucking claims in the United States, which could have a further negative effect on the availability and pricing of such coverage. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that insurance coverage from third party insurers for claims in excess of the Company s current self-insured retentions will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms. Dependence on independent commission sales agents. As noted above in Item 1, Business Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Agent Network, the Company markets its services primarily through independent commission sales agents. During fiscal year 2022, 625 agents generated revenue for Landstar of at least 1 million each, or in the aggregate approximately 97 of Landstar s consolidated revenue. Included among these Million Dollar Agents, 133 agents generated at least 10,000,000 of Landstar revenue during the 2022 fiscal year, or in the aggregate approximately 74 of Landstar s consolidated revenue. Of these larger agencies, one such Landstar independent commission sales agency, itself with a very diversified customer base, generated approximately 866,000,000, or 12 , of Landstar s consolidated revenue and approximately 7 of Landstar s consolidated variable contribution in fiscal year 2022. A number of these larger agencies, including the largest of Landstar s independent commission sales agents by revenue, maintain administrative operations in countries outside of North America where the risks may be different than in the United States or Canada due to geopolitical, legal or other risks associated with maintaining administrative operations in such foreign jurisdictions. There can be no assurance regarding the potential disruption and impact adverse geopolitical developments in these foreign jurisdictions could have on the ability of certain large independent commission sales agents to generate and maintain administrative operations in support of significant amounts of Landstar revenue. As disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 28, 2022, the largest Landstar independent commission sales agency by revenue referenced above, while based in the United States, has significant administrative operations located in eastern Ukraine. The administrative operations of this agency were significantly disrupted during the onset of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The Company also has another of its largest independent commission sales agencies, as measured by revenue, that is based in the United States but conducts a portion of its administrative operations in western Ukraine. Russian efforts to destroy infrastructure throughout Ukraine 13 

Table of Contents 

has impacted the availability of electricity and other basic utilities at various times throughout the country. The priority for Landstar and both of these agencies is the safety and well-being of these agencies Ukrainian workforces and their families. No assurances can be provided regarding the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the extent of potential future operational disruption the conflict may have on either of these Landstar agencies and the related impact of these disruptions on the Company. Landstar competes with motor carriers and other third parties for the services of independent commission sales agents. Landstar has historically experienced very limited agent turnover in the number of its Million Dollar Agents. There can be no assurances, however, that Landstar will continue to experience very limited turnover of its Million Dollar Agents in the future. Landstar s contracts with its agents, including its Million Dollar Agents, are typically terminable without cause upon 10 to 30 days notice by either party and generally contain significant but not unqualified restrictive covenants limiting the ability of a former agent to compete with Landstar for a specified period of time post-termination, and other restrictive covenants. The loss of some of the Company s Million Dollar Agents and/or a significant decrease in revenue generated by Million Dollar Agents could have a material adverse effect on Landstar, including its results of operations and revenue. Dependence on third party capacity providers. As noted above in Item 1, Business Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Transportation Capacity, Landstar does not own trucks or other transportation equipment other than trailing equipment and relies on third party capacity providers, including BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads and air and ocean cargo carriers, to transport freight for its customers. The Company competes with motor carriers and other third parties for the services of BCO Independent Contractors and other third party capacity providers. The market for qualified truck owner-operators and other third party truck capacity providers is very competitive among motor carriers, third party logistics companies and others and no assurances can be given that the Company will be able to maintain or expand the number of BCO Independent Contractors or other third party truck capacity providers. Additionally, the Company s third party capacity providers other than BCO Independent Contractors can be expected, under certain circumstances, to charge higher prices to cover increased operating expenses, such as any increases in the cost of fuel, labor, equipment or insurance, and the Company s operating income may decline without a corresponding increase in price to the customer. A significant decrease in available capacity provided by either the Company s BCO Independent Contractors or other third party capacity providers, or increased rates charged by other third party capacity providers that cannot be passed through to customers, could have a material adverse effect on Landstar, including its results of operations and revenue. The coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic may have a significant impact on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic caused and may continue to cause significant disruptions in the global economy. Economic disruptions and other effects on the global or domestic economies caused by the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse impact on the demand for our services. In addition, although there has been an easing of governmental restrictions relating to COVID-19 in certain jurisdictions, restrictions could be reinstated in the future to manage a resurgence or new outbreak of COVID-19, including in connection with new variants or mutations of COVID-19. In connection with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company experienced a significant decline in truckload volumes during the second quarter of 2020 compared to the corresponding period of 2019 followed by a similarly significant yet more gradual sequential increase in demand during the third and fourth quarters of 2020, followed by two years of unprecedented strength in demand for the Company s services in 2021 and 2022. This significant, rapid decrease in demand followed by an ultimately more significant yet more gradual increase in demand was unprecedented in the history of the Company. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Company s results in future quarters will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration of the pandemic, the actions taken by domestic as well as foreign governments in response to the pandemic, the availability and effectiveness of vaccines for COVID-19 and the length of time necessary for the global economy to transition back to more normal operating conditions, which could involve a decrease in overall economic demand as well as a secular shift in demand for goods back to services. These and other factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Disruptions or failures in the Company s computer systems; cyber and other information security incidents. As noted above in Item 1, Business Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Technology, the Company s information technology systems used in connection with its operations are located in Jacksonville, Florida and to a lesser extent in Rockford, Illinois. In addition, the Company utilizes several third party data centers throughout the U.S. Landstar relies, in the regular course of its business, on the proper operation of its information technology systems to link its extensive network of customers, employees, agents and third party capacity providers, including its BCO Independent Contractors. Moreover, a significant portion of the Company s employees work remotely or on a hybrid basis. Although the Company has redundant systems for its critical operations, any significant disruption or failure of its technology systems or those of third party data centers on which it relies 14 

Table of Contents 

could significantly disrupt the Company s operations and impose significant costs on the Company. Moreover, it is critical that the data processed by or stored in the Company s information technology systems or otherwise in the Company s possession remain confidential, as it often includes confidential, proprietary and/or competitively sensitive information regarding our customers, employees, agents and third party capacity providers, key financial and operational results and statistics, and our strategic plans, including technology innovations, developments and enhancements. Cyber incidents that impact the security, availability, reliability, speed, accuracy or other proper functioning of these systems and data, including outages, computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions, could have a significant impact on our operations. Accordingly, information security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust security procedures and other safeguards in place, as threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. A significant incident, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware, or other damage, could interrupt or delay our operations, damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers, agents and/or third party capacity providers, expose us to a risk of loss or litigation, and/or cause us to incur significant time and expense to remedy such an event, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Although the Company maintains cybersecurity and business interruption insurance, the Company s insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses that may be incurred in the event of a significant disruption or failure of its information technology systems. In addition, cybersecurity and business interruption insurance could in the future become more expensive and difficult to maintain and may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Dependence on key vendors. As described above under Dependence on third party insurance companies and Disruptions or failures in the Company s computer systems; cyber and other information security incidents, the Company is dependent on certain vendors, including third party insurance companies, third party data center providers, third party information technology application providers and third party payment disbursement providers. Any inability to negotiate satisfactory terms with one of these key vendors or any other significant disruption to or termination of a relationship with one of these key vendors could disrupt the Company s operations and impose significant costs on the Company. Economic, Competitive and Industry Risks Decreased demand for transportation services; U.S. trade relationships. The transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical financial results as a result of slowdowns in economic activity, the business cycles of customers, and other economic factors beyond Landstar s control. If a slowdown in economic activity or a downturn in the Company s customers business cycles cause a reduction in the volume of freight shipped by those customers, the Company s operating results could be materially adversely affected. In addition, Landstar hauls a significant number of shipments that have either been imported into the United States or are destined for export from the United States. Any decision by the U.S. government to adopt actions such as a border tax on imports, an increase in customs duties or tariffs, the renegotiation of U.S. trade agreements or any other action that could have a negative impact on international trade could cause a reduction in the volume of freight shipped by many Landstar customers. Any changes in tax and trade policies in the United States and corresponding actions by other countries could adversely affect our financial performance. Substantial industry competition. As noted above in Item 1, Business Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Competition, Landstar competes primarily in the transportation and logistics services industry. This industry is extremely competitive and fragmented. Landstar competes primarily with truckload carriers, intermodal transportation service providers, railroads, less-than-truckload carriers, third party logistics companies, digital freight brokers and other asset-light transportation and logistics service providers. Management believes that competition for the freight transported by the Company is based on service, efficiency and freight rates, which are influenced significantly by the economic environment, particularly the amount of available transportation capacity and freight demand. In recent years, the use of technology and the implementation of technology-based innovations have become increasingly important to compete within the transportation and logistics industry. In particular, management believes leadership in the development, operation and support of an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications is an ongoing part of providing high quality service. The failure of the Company to maintain or enhance its technology ecosystem in response to changing demands from customers, agents, and capacity providers could have a significant adverse impact on Landstar s ability to compete for customers, agents and capacity providers in the transportation and logistics industry. 15 

Table of Contents 

In addition, competition in our industry, historically, has created downward pressure on freight rates. Many large shippers use 3PLs other than the Company to outsource the management and coordination of their transportation needs rather than directly arrange for transportation services with carriers. As noted above, there were 14 transportation service providers, including 3PLs, included in the Company s top 25 customers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Usage by large shippers of 3PLs often provides carriers, such as the Company, with a less direct relationship with the shipper and, as a result, may increase pressure on freight rates while making it more difficult for the Company to compete primarily based on service and efficiency. A decrease in freight rates could have a material adverse effect on Landstar, including its revenue and operating income. Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Status of independent contractors. In recent years, the topic of the classification of individuals as employees or independent contractors has gained increased attention among federal and state regulators as well as the plaintiffs bar. Various legislative or regulatory proposals have been introduced at the federal and state levels that may affect the classification status of individuals as independent contractors or employees for either employment tax purposes (e.g., withholding, social security, Medicare and unemployment taxes) or other benefits available to employees (most notably, workers compensation benefits). Recently, certain states (most prominently, California) have seen significant increased activity by tax and other regulators and numerous class action lawsuits filed against transportation companies that engage independent contractors. There are many different tests and standards that may apply to the determination of whether a relationship is that of an independent contractor or one of employment. For example, different standards may be applied by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, state unemployment agencies, state departments of labor, state taxing authorities, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, state discrimination or disability benefit administrators and state workers compensation boards, among others. For federal tax purposes, most individuals are classified as employees or independent contractors based on a multi-factor common-law analysis rather than any definition found in the Internal Revenue Code or Internal Revenue Service regulations. In addition, under Section 530 of the Revenue Act of 1978, a taxpayer that meets certain criteria may treat an individual as an independent contractor for employment tax purposes if the taxpayer has been audited without being told to treat similarly situated workers as employees, if the taxpayer has received a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or a court decision affirming the taxpayer s treatment of the individual as an independent contractor, or if the taxpayer is following a long-standing recognized practice. The Company classifies its BCO Independent Contractors and independent commission sales agents as independent contractors for all purposes, including employment tax and employee benefits. There can be no assurance that legislative, judicial, administrative or regulatory (including tax) authorities will not introduce proposals or assert interpretations of existing rules and regulations that would change the employee/independent contractor classification of BCO Independent Contractors or independent commission sales agents doing business with the Company. On September 18, 2019, California enacted Assembly Bill (AB) 5 into law, codifying the strict ABC test for purposes of determining a worker s status as an independent contractor or employee under California law. While new in California, versions of the ABC test have existed in a number of other states over the years and have been challenged in various courts as violating the federal government s exclusive right to regulate trucking in certain areas of law and interstate commerce. The Company continues to monitor and analyze the impact of the new law, which became effective as of January 1, 2020, including what steps may be necessary or advisable to adapt to a changing legal and regulatory environment in California. The Company has BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers and independent commission sales agents who reside in and/or principally operate their business in California that could be impacted by AB 5 or similar laws, which could eventually affect our relationship with them. Additionally, the new law may have a significant impact on our Truck Brokerage Carriers based in California who utilize owner-operators to provide various types of transportation services such as drayage, regional or local delivery. Since the Company is neither incorporated nor headquartered in California and the vast majority of BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers and independent commission sales agents currently doing business with the Company reside and principally operate outside of California, we do not expect AB 5 to have a material impact on Landstar s overall network of BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers and independent commission sales agents. Nevertheless, there remains significant uncertainty regarding many aspects of the new law, including how the law will be interpreted and enforced by state and local governments as well as by courts. Potential changes, if any, that could impact the legal classification of the independent contractor relationship between the Company and BCO Independent Contractors or independent commission sales agents could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s operating model. Further, the costs associated with any such potential changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition if Landstar were unable to pass through to its customers an increase in price corresponding to such increased costs. Moreover, class action litigation in this area against other transportation companies has resulted in significant damage awards and/or monetary settlements for workers who have been allegedly misclassified as independent contractors and the legal and other related expenses associated with litigating these cases can be substantial. 16 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory and legislative changes. As noted above in Item 1, Business Factors Significant to the Company s Operations Regulation, certain of the Operating Subsidiaries are motor carriers and/or property brokers authorized to arrange for transportation services by motor carriers which are regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration FMCSA ), an agency of the U.S. Department of Transportation, and by various state agencies. Several of the Operating Subsidiaries maintain a federal hazardous materials safety permit and, as a result, have an increased risk of compliance review by the FMCSA. Certain of the Operating Subsidiaries are licensed as Ocean Transportation Intermediaries by the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission as non-vessel-operating common carriers and/or as ocean freight forwarders. The Company s air transportation activities in the United States are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation as an indirect air carrier. One of the Company s subsidiaries is licensed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through the Bureau of U.S. Customs and Border Protection U.S. Customs as a customs broker. The Company is also subject to regulations and requirements relating to safety and security promulgated by, among others, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through U.S. Customs and the Transportation Security Administration, the Canada Border Services Agency and various state and local agencies and port authorities. The transportation industry is subject to other potential regulatory and legislative changes (such as the possibility of more stringent environmental, climate change and/or safety/security regulations, limits on vehicle weight and size and regulations relating to the health and wellness of commercial truck operators) that may affect the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices, by changing the demand for motor carrier services or the cost of providing truckload or other transportation or logistics services, or by adversely impacting the number of available commercial truck operators. In particular, the FMCSA in recent years proposed a number of regulatory changes that affect the operation of commercial motor carriers across the United States. It is difficult to predict in what form FMCSA regulations may be implemented, modified or enforced and what impact any such regulations may have on motor carrier operations or the aggregate number of trucks that provide hauling capacity to the Company. For example, on January 6, 2020, the FMCSA implemented new requirements applicable to drug and alcohol testing by motor carriers. The new regulation expanded motor carrier reporting requirements to include reporting of all operators who test positive and/or refuse to submit to a test as prescribed in the regulation. The new regulation also expanded rules relating to the obligation of motor carriers to conduct queries to check if current or prospective operators are prohibited from operating a commercial motor vehicle due to a positive or unresolved drug or alcohol test. The expanded reporting of positive results, or of an operator s refusal to meet FMCSA testing requirements, to a centralized clearinghouse prescribed by FMCSA has the potential to remove operators from service that may otherwise have been undetected or unreported. In addition, in December 2010, the FMCSA introduced the Compliance Safety Accountability CSA motor carrier oversight program. Under CSA, the FMCSA monitors seven Behavior Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories, or BASICs, under which a motor carrier may be evaluated against established threshold scores for each such BASIC. In the event a motor carrier has one or more BASIC scores that exceeds the applicable threshold, the motor carrier has an increased risk of roadside inspection and/or compliance review by FMCSA. Under the Fixing America s Surface Transportation Act, or the FAST Act signed into law on December 4, 2015, the FMCSA was required to engage the National Research Council to conduct a study of CSA and the Safety Measurement System SMS utilized by the CSA program. As a result of the FAST Act, the FMCSA announced the removal of the BASIC scores from public view and that such scores are expected to remain hidden from public view while changes to CSA are considered. In 2018, the FMCSA announced significant anticipated changes to CSA that if enacted would be expected to have a material impact on the current program. As of the end of 2022, no such changes to CSA have yet been enacted. No assurances can be given with respect to the changes that may be made to the CSA program, or any replacement or supplemental program, in the future and what impact new or revised motor carrier oversight programs implemented by the FMCSA could have on the Company, its motor carrier operations or the aggregate number of trucks that provide hauling capacity to the Company. Regulations focused on diesel emissions and other air quality matters. Focus on diesel emissions, climate change and related air quality matters has led to efforts by federal, state and local governmental agencies to support legislation and regulations to limit the amount of carbon emissions, including emissions created by diesel engines utilized in tractors such as those operated by the Company s BCO Independent Contractors and Truck Brokerage Carriers. Moreover, federal, state and local governmental agencies may also focus on regulation in relation to trailing equipment specifications in an effort to achieve, among other things, lower carbon emissions. For example, under the federal Clean Air Act, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA is responsible for prescribing national ambient air quality standards NAAQS for certain air pollutants, and each state is 17 

Table of Contents 

responsible for implementing those standards within its borders. Specifically, each state must adopt, and submit for the EPA s approval, a state implementation plan SIP that provides for the implementation, maintenance, and enforcement of the NAAQS. In connection with its efforts to comply with the NAAQS, the California Air Resources Board CARB has implemented regulations that restrict the ability of certain tractors and trailers from operating in California and that impose emission standards on nearly all diesel-fueled trucks with gross vehicle weight ratings in excess of 14,000 lbs. that operate in California. Moreover, these emission standards have become increasingly stringent over time. As of January 1, 2023, nearly all diesel-fueled trucks with gross vehicle weight ratings in excess of 14,000 lbs. that operate in California are required to have a 2010 or newer model year engine. In 2012, the EPA formally approved certain CARB regulations as part of California s SIP, including CARB s Regulation to Reduce Emissions of Diesel Particulate Matter, Oxides of Nitrogen and Other Criteria Pollutants from In-Use Heavy-Duty Diesel-Fueled Vehicles (commonly referred to as the Truck and Bus Regulation and Regulation to Reduce Emissions of Diesel Particulate Matter, Oxides of Nitrogen and Other Criteria Pollutants from In-Use Heavy-Duty Diesel-Fueled Drayage Trucks (commonly referred to as the Drayage Truck Regulation ). The EPA thereafter received express authorization to enforce California s SIP, including the Truck and Bus Regulation and the Drayage Truck Regulation. No assurances can be given with respect to the extent BCO Independent Contractors will choose to become CARB-compliant by purchasing a new or used CARB-compliant tractor, replacing the engine in their existing tractor with a CARB-compliant engine or performing an exhaust retrofit of their existing tractor by installing a particulate matter filter. Accordingly, many of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors may choose not to haul loads that would require travel within California, which could affect the ability of the Company to service customer freight needs for freight originating from, delivering to or traveling through California. Furthermore, increased regulation of tractor or trailing equipment specifications, including emissions created by diesel engines, could create substantial costs for the Company s third party capacity providers and, in turn, increase the cost of purchased transportation to the Company. An increase in the costs to purchase, lease or maintain tractor or trailing equipment or in purchased transportation cost caused by existing or new regulations without a corresponding increase in price to the customer could adversely affect Landstar, including its results of operations and financial condition. General Risk Factors Potential changes in taxes. From time to time, various legislative proposals are introduced to increase federal, state, or local taxes. The Company cannot predict whether, or in what form, any increase in corporate income tax rates, motor fuel tax rates or other tax rates applicable to the transportation services provided by the Company will be enacted and, if enacted, how such increased tax rates may impact the Company. As an example, for every 100 basis point increase in the U.S. corporate income tax rate the Company would recognize a one-time tax charge of approximately 1,400,000 in connection with revaluing its ending net deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2022. With respect to potential increases in fuel and similar taxes, it is unclear whether or not the Company s Truck Brokerage Carriers would attempt to pass the increase on to the Company or if the Company will be able to reflect this potential increased cost of capacity, if any, in prices to customers. Any such increase in fuel taxes, without a corresponding increase in price to the customer, could have a material adverse effect on Landstar, including its results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, competition from other transportation service companies including those that provide non-trucking modes of transportation would likely increase if state or federal taxes on fuel were to increase without a corresponding increase in taxes imposed upon other modes of transportation. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law by President Biden. The Inflation Reduction Act establishes a one percent excise tax on stock repurchases made by publicly traded U.S. corporations. This provision is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The excise tax could have an adverse effect on the Company s cash flows. Intellectual property. The Company uses both internally developed and purchased technology in conducting its business. Whether internally developed or purchased, it is possible that the use of these technologies could be claimed to infringe upon or violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. In the event that a claim is made against the Company by a third party for the infringement of intellectual property rights, any settlement or adverse judgment against the Company either in the form of increased costs of licensing or a cease and desist order in using the technology could have an adverse effect on the Company s business and its results of operations. 18 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties The Company owns or leases various properties in the U.S., Canada and Mexico for the Company s operations and administrative staff that support its independent commission sales agents, BCO Independent Contractors and other third party capacity providers. The transportation logistics segment s primary facilities are located in Jacksonville, Florida and Rockford, Illinois. In addition, the Company s corporate headquarters are located in Jacksonville, Florida. The Company also maintains a key freight staging and transload facility in Laredo, Texas. The Jacksonville, Florida, Rockford, Illinois and Laredo, Texas facilities are owned by the Company. The Company also maintains a network of owned and leased field operations centers in the United States and Canada in support of the ongoing recruitment and retention of its BCO Independent Contractors. Management believes that Landstar s owned and leased properties are adequate for its current needs and that leased properties can be retained or replaced at an acceptable cost. 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Legal Proceedings . 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Common Stock of the Company is listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LSTR. The reported last sale price per share of the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on January 27, 2023 was 172.65 per share. As of such date, Landstar had 35,928,383 shares of Common Stock outstanding and had 131 stockholders of record of its Common Stock. However, the Company estimates that it has a significantly greater number of stockholders because a substantial number of the Company s shares are held by brokers or dealers for their customers in street name. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company The Company did not purchase any shares of its Common Stock during the period from September 25, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the Company s fourth fiscal quarter. On December 7, 2021, the Landstar System, Inc. Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase up to 1,912,824 shares of the Company s Common Stock from time to time in the open market and in privately negotiated transactions. On December 6, 2022, the Landstar System, Inc. Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase up to 1,900,826 additional shares of the Company s Common Stock from time to time in the open market and in privately negotiated transactions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had authorization to purchase in the aggregate up to 3,000,000 shares of its Common Stock under these programs. No specific expiration date has been assigned to the December 7, 2021 or December 6, 2022 authorizations. Equity Compensation Plan Information The Company maintains a stock compensation plan for members of its Board of Directors, the 2022 Directors Stock Compensation Plan (the 2022 DSCP ), and an employee equity incentive plan, the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2011 EIP ). The following table presents information related to securities authorized for issuance under these plans at December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 

Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

1,900 

56.40 

3,435,525 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 

0 

0 

0 
 
 Under the 2011 EIP, the issuance of (i) a non-vested share of Landstar Common Stock issued in the form of restricted stock and (ii) a share of Landstar Common Stock issued upon the vesting of a previously granted restricted stock unit each counts as the issuance of two securities against the number of securities available for future issuance. Included in the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans were 193,217 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2022 DSCP. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Financial Model Shareholder Returns The following graph illustrates the return that would have been realized, assuming reinvestment of dividends, by an investor who invested 100 in each of the Company s Common Stock, the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index and the Dow Jones Transportation Stock Index for the period commencing December 30, 2017 through December 31, 2022. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements The following is a safe harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements contained in this document that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other sections of this Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements, such as statements which relate to Landstar s business objectives, plans, strategies and expectations. Terms such as anticipates, believes, estimates, intention, expects, plans, predicts, may, should, could, will, the negative thereof and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are by nature subject to uncertainties and risks, including but not limited to: the impact of the Russian conflict with Ukraine on the operations of certain independent commission sales agents, including the Company s largest such agent by revenue in the 2022 fiscal year; the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic; an increase in the frequency or severity of accidents or other claims; unfavorable development of existing accident claims; dependence on third party insurance companies; dependence on independent commission sales agents; dependence on third party capacity providers; decreased demand for transportation services; U.S. trade relationships; substantial industry competition; disruptions or failures in the Company s computer systems; cyber and other information security incidents; dependence on key vendors; changes in fuel taxes; status of independent contractors; regulatory and legislative changes; regulations focused on diesel emissions and other air quality matters; intellectual property; and other operational, financial or legal risks or uncertainties detailed in this and Landstar s other SEC filings from time to time and described in Item 1A in this Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or events to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated. Investors should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Introduction Landstar System, Inc. and its subsidiary, Landstar System Holdings, Inc. (collectively referred to herein with their subsidiaries and other affiliated companies as Landstar or the Company ), is a worldwide, technology-enabled, asset-light provider of integrated transportation management solutions delivering safe, specialized transportation services to a broad range of customers utilizing a network of agents, third party capacity providers and employees. The Company offers services to its customers across multiple transportation modes, with the ability to arrange for individual shipments of freight to comprehensive third party logistics solutions to meet all of a customer s transportation needs. Landstar provides services principally throughout the United States and to a lesser extent in Canada and Mexico, and between the United States and Canada, Mexico and other countries around the world. The Company s services emphasize safety, information coordination and customer service and are delivered through a network of over 1,100 independent commission sales agents and over 108,000 third party capacity providers, primarily truck capacity providers, linked together by a series of digital technologies which are provided and coordinated by the Company. The nature of the Company s business is such that a significant portion of its operating costs varies directly with revenue. Landstar markets its integrated transportation management solutions primarily through independent commission sales agents and exclusively utilizes third party capacity providers to transport customers freight. Landstar s independent commission sales agents enter into contractual arrangements with the Company and are responsible for locating freight, making that freight available to Landstar s capacity providers and coordinating the transportation of the freight with customers and capacity providers. The Company s third party capacity providers consist of independent contractors who provide truck capacity to the Company under exclusive lease arrangements (the BCO Independent Contractors ), unrelated trucking companies who provide truck capacity to the Company under non-exclusive contractual arrangements (the Truck Brokerage Carriers ), air cargo carriers, ocean cargo carriers and railroads. Through this network of agents and capacity providers linked together by Landstar s ecosystem of digital technologies, Landstar operates an integrated transportation management solutions business primarily throughout North America with revenue of 7.4 billion during the most recently completed fiscal year. The Company reports the results of two operating segments: the transportation logistics segment and the insurance segment. The transportation logistics segment provides a wide range of integrated transportation management solutions. Transportation services are provided by Landstar s Operating Subsidiaries : Landstar Ranger, Inc., Landstar Inway, Inc., Landstar Ligon, Inc., Landstar Gemini, Inc., Landstar Transportation Logistics, Inc., Landstar Global Logistics, Inc., Landstar Express America, Inc., Landstar Canada, Inc., Landstar Metro, S.A.P.I. de C.V., and as further described below, Landstar Blue, LLC. Transportation services offered by the Company include truckload, less-than-truckload and other truck transportation, rail intermodal, air cargo, ocean cargo, 22 

Table of Contents 

expedited ground and air delivery of time-critical freight, heavy-haul/specialized, U.S.-Canada and U.S.-Mexico cross-border, intra-Mexico, intra-Canada, project cargo and customs brokerage. Examples of the industries serviced by the transportation logistics segment include automotive parts and assemblies, consumer durables, building products, metals, chemicals, foodstuffs, heavy machinery, retail, electronics and military equipment. In addition, the transportation logistics segment provides transportation services to other transportation companies, including third party logistics and less-than-truckload service providers. The independent commission sales agents market services provided by the transportation logistics segment. Billings for freight transportation services are typically charged to customers on a per shipment basis for the physical transportation of freight and are referred to as transportation revenue. During fiscal year 2022, revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers and railroads represented approximately 35 , 54 and 2 , respectively, of the Company s consolidated revenue. Collectively, revenue generated by air and ocean cargo carriers represented approximately 8 of the Company s consolidated revenue during fiscal year 2022. On May 6, 2020, the Company formed a new subsidiary that was subsequently renamed Landstar Blue, LLC Landstar Blue ). Landstar Blue arranges truckload brokerage services with a focus on the contract services market. Landstar Blue also helps the Company to develop and test digital technologies and processes for the benefit of all Landstar independent commission sales agents. On June 15, 2020, Landstar Blue completed the acquisition of an independent agent of the Company whose business focused on truckload brokerage services. The results of operations from Landstar Blue are presented as part of the Company s transportation logistics segment. Revenue from Landstar Blue represented approximately 1 of the Company s transportation logistics segment revenue during fiscal year 2022. The insurance segment is comprised of Signature Insurance Company Signature ), a wholly owned offshore insurance subsidiary, and Risk Management Claim Services, Inc. The insurance segment provides risk and claims management services to certain of Landstar s Operating Subsidiaries. In addition, it reinsures certain risks of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors and provides certain property and casualty insurance directly to certain of Landstar s Operating Subsidiaries. Revenue at the insurance segment represents reinsurance premiums from third party insurance companies that provide insurance programs to BCO Independent Contractors where all or a portion of the risk is ultimately borne by Signature. Revenue at the insurance segment represented approximately 1 of the Company s consolidated revenue for fiscal year 2022. Changes in Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management believes the Company s success principally depends on its ability to generate freight through its network of independent commission sales agents and to deliver freight safely and efficiently utilizing third party capacity providers. Management believes the most significant factors to the Company s success include increasing revenue, sourcing capacity, empowering its network through technology-based tools and controlling costs, including insurance and claims. Revenue While customer demand, which is subject to overall economic conditions, ultimately drives increases or decreases in revenue, the Company primarily relies on its independent commission sales agents to establish customer relationships and generate revenue opportunities. Management s emphasis with respect to revenue growth is on revenue generated by independent commission sales agents who on an annual basis generate 1 million or more of Landstar revenue. Management believes future revenue growth is primarily dependent on its ability to increase both the revenue generated by Million Dollar Agents and the number of Million Dollar Agents through a combination of recruiting new agents, increasing the revenue opportunities generated by existing independent commission sales agents and providing its independent commission sales agents with digital technologies they may use to grow revenue and increase efficiencies at their businesses. The following table shows the number of Million Dollar Agents, the average revenue generated by these agents and the percent of consolidated revenue generated by these agents during the past three fiscal years: 

Fiscal Years 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Number of Million Dollar Agents 

625 

593 

508 

Average revenue generated per Million Dollar Agent 

11,499,000 

10,371,000 

7,489,000 

Percent of consolidated revenue generated by Million Dollar Agents 

97 

94 

92 

The change in the number of Million Dollar Agents on a year-over-year basis is influenced by many factors and is not solely the result of terminations of contractual relationships between agents and the Company, whether such terminations are initiated by the agent or the Company. Such other factors include consolidations among agencies or transactions in connection with ownership changes often due to retirement planning, estate planning or similar transitional matters. The change in the number of Million Dollar 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Agents on a year-over-year basis may also be affected by agents that remain with the Company yet experienced lower year-over-year revenue that resulted in such agent moving below the Million Dollar Agent category. Historically, the Company has experienced very few terminations of its Million Dollar Agents, whether such terminations are initiated by the agent or the Company. Annual terminations of Million Dollar Agents have typically been less than 3 of the total number of Million Dollar Agents. Revenue from accounts formerly handled by terminated Million Dollar Agents is often retained by the Company as the customer may choose to transfer its account to an existing Landstar agent. In fiscal year 2022, the change in the number of Million Dollar Agents was attributable to new agents and existing agents who were not formerly Million Dollar Agents. Included among the Company s Million Dollar Agents in the 2022 fiscal year, the Company had 133 independent sales agencies that generated at least 10 million in Landstar revenue. In fiscal year 2021, the change in the number of Million Dollar Agents was attributable to growth in existing agents who were former Million Dollar Agents whose businesses were temporarily impacted in fiscal year 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as new agents and existing agents who were not formerly Million Dollar Agents. Included among the Company s Million Dollar Agents in the 2021 fiscal year, the Company had 115 independent sales agencies that generated at least 10 million in Landstar revenue. 24 

Table of Contents 

Management monitors business activity by tracking the number of loads (volume) and revenue per load by mode of transportation. Revenue per load can be influenced by many factors other than a change in price. Those factors include the average length of haul, freight type, special handling and equipment requirements, fuel costs and delivery time requirements. For shipments involving two or more modes of transportation, revenue is generally classified by the mode of transportation having the highest cost for the load. The following table summarizes this information by trailer type for truck transportation and by mode for all others for the past three fiscal years: 

Fiscal Years 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue generated through (in thousands): 

Truck transportation 

Truckload: 

Van equipment 

3,892,085 

3,525,830 

2,192,254 

Unsided/platform equipment 

1,760,357 

1,549,037 

1,119,272 

Less-than-truckload 

142,438 

117,505 

97,546 

Other truck transportation (1) 

835,959 

770,846 

406,709 

Total truck transportation 

6,630,839 

5,963,218 

3,815,781 

Rail intermodal 

145,017 

159,974 

114,313 

Ocean and air cargo carriers 

558,986 

327,160 

132,180 

Other (2) 

101,720 

87,216 

70,707 

7,436,562 

6,537,568 

4,132,981 

Revenue on loads hauled via BCO Independent Contractors included in total truck transportation 

2,636,036 

2,612,188 

1,866,526 

Number of loads: 

Truck transportation 

Truckload: 

Van equipment 

1,496,247 

1,422,734 

1,141,261 

Unsided/platform equipment 

558,530 

521,891 

458,550 

Less-than-truckload 

191,233 

183,975 

163,024 

Other truck transportation (1) 

320,790 

300,710 

206,305 

Total truck transportation 

2,566,800 

2,429,310 

1,969,140 

Rail intermodal 

40,710 

52,310 

46,280 

Ocean and air cargo carriers 

41,850 

41,450 

31,900 

2,649,360 

2,523,070 

2,047,320 

Loads hauled via BCO Independent Contractors included in total truck transportation 

1,027,480 

1,039,630 

945,210 

Revenue per load: 

Truck transportation 

Truckload: 

Van equipment 

2,601 

2,478 

1,921 

Unsided/platform equipment 

3,152 

2,968 

2,441 

Less-than-truckload 

745 

639 

598 

Other truck transportation (1) 

2,606 

2,563 

1,971 

Total truck transportation 

2,583 

2,455 

1,938 

Rail intermodal 

3,562 

3,058 

2,470 

Ocean and air cargo carriers 

13,357 

7,893 

4,144 

Revenue per load on loads hauled via BCO Independent Contractors 

2,566 

2,513 

1,975 

Revenue by capacity type (as a of total revenue): 

Truck capacity providers: 

BCO Independent Contractors 

35 

40 

45 

Truck Brokerage Carriers 

54 

51 

47 

Rail intermodal 

2 

2 

3 

Ocean and air cargo carriers 

8 

5 

3 

Other 

1 

1 

2 

(1) 
 Includes power-only, expedited, straight truck, cargo van, and miscellaneous other truck transportation revenue generated by the transportation logistics segment. Power-only refers to shipments where the Company furnishes a power unit and an operator but not trailing equipment, which is typically provided by the shipper or consignee. 

(2) 
 Includes primarily reinsurance premium revenue generated by the insurance segment and intra-Mexico transportation services revenue generated by Landstar Metro. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Expenses Purchased transportation Also critical to the Company s success is its ability to secure capacity, particularly truck capacity, at rates that allow the Company to profitably transport customers freight. The following table summarizes the number of available truck capacity providers as of the end of the three most recent fiscal years: 

Dec. 31, 2022 

Dec. 25, 2021 

Dec. 26, 2020 

BCO Independent Contractors 

10,393 

11,057 

10,242 

Truck Brokerage Carriers: 

Approved and active (1) 

66,745 

64,476 

46,053 

Other approved 

30,999 

25,870 

22,972 

97,744 

90,346 

69,025 

Total available truck capacity providers 

108,137 

101,403 

79,267 

Trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors 

11,281 

11,864 

10,991 

(1) 
 Active refers to Truck Brokerage Carriers who moved at least one load in the 180 days immediately preceding the fiscal year end. Purchased transportation represents the amount a BCO Independent Contractor or other third party capacity provider is paid to haul freight. The amount of purchased transportation paid to a BCO Independent Contractor is primarily based on a contractually agreed-upon percentage of revenue generated by loads hauled by the BCO Independent Contractor. Purchased transportation paid to a Truck Brokerage Carrier is based on either a negotiated rate for each load hauled or, to a lesser extent, a contractually agreed-upon fixed rate per load. Purchased transportation paid to railroads and ocean cargo carriers is based on either a negotiated rate for each load hauled or a contractually agreed-upon fixed rate per load. Purchased transportation paid to air cargo carriers is generally based on a negotiated rate for each load hauled. Purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue for truck brokerage, rail intermodal and ocean cargo services is normally higher than that of BCO Independent Contractor and air cargo services. Purchased transportation is the largest component of costs and expenses and, on a consolidated basis, increases or decreases as a percentage of consolidated revenue in proportion to changes in the percentage of consolidated revenue generated through BCO Independent Contractors and other third party capacity providers and external revenue from the insurance segment, consisting of reinsurance premiums. Purchased transportation as a percent of revenue also increases or decreases in relation to the availability of truck brokerage capacity and with changes in the price of fuel on revenue generated from shipments hauled by Truck Brokerage Carriers. The Company passes 100 of fuel surcharges billed to customers for freight hauled by BCO Independent Contractors to its BCO Independent Contractors. These fuel surcharges are excluded from revenue and the cost of purchased transportation. Purchased transportation costs are recognized over the freight transit period as the performance obligation to the customer is completed. Commissions to agents Commissions to agents are based on contractually agreed-upon percentages of (i) revenue, (ii) revenue less the cost of purchased transportation, or (iii) revenue less a contractually agreed upon percentage of revenue retained by Landstar and the cost of purchased transportation (the retention contracts ). Commissions to agents as a percentage of consolidated revenue vary directly with fluctuations in the percentage of consolidated revenue generated by the various modes of transportation and reinsurance premiums and, in general, vary inversely with changes in the amount of purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue on services provided by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads, air cargo carriers and ocean cargo carriers. Commissions to agents are recognized over the freight transit period as the performance obligation to the customer is completed. Other operating costs, net of gains on asset sales/dispositions Maintenance costs for Company-provided trailing equipment and BCO Independent Contractor recruiting and qualification costs are the largest components of other operating costs. Also included in other operating costs are trailer rental costs, the provision for uncollectible advances and other receivables due from BCO Independent Contractors and independent commission sales agents and gains/losses, if any, on sales of Company-owned trailing equipment. 26 

Table of Contents 

Insurance and claims With respect to insurance and claims cost, potential liability associated with accidents in the trucking industry is severe and occurrences are unpredictable. For periods prior to May 1, 2019, Landstar retains liability for commercial trucking claims up to 5 million per occurrence and maintains various third party insurance arrangements for liabilities in excess of its 5 million self-insured retention. Effective May 1, 2019, the Company entered into a new three year commercial auto liability insurance arrangement for losses incurred between 5 million and 10 million (the Initial Excess Policy with a third party insurance company. The Company subsequently extended the Initial Excess Policy for one additional policy year, from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023. For commercial trucking claims incurred on or after May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023, the extended Initial Excess Policy provides for a limit for a single loss of 5 million, with a remaining aggregate limit of 10 million for the policy period ending April 30, 2023, and an option to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established amount of additional premium. If aggregate losses under the Initial Excess Policy exceed the aggregate limit for the period ending April 30, 2023, and the Company did not elect to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established amount of additional premium, the Company would retain liability of up to 10 million per occurrence, inclusive of its 5 million self-insured retention for commercial trucking claims during the remainder of the policy period ending April 30, 2023. The Company also maintains third party insurance arrangements providing excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of 10 million. These third party arrangements provide coverage on a per occurrence or aggregated basis. In recent years, there has been a significant increase in the occurrence of trials in courts throughout the United States involving catastrophic injury and fatality claims against commercial motor carriers that have resulted in verdicts in excess of 10 million. Within the transportation logistics industry, these verdicts are often referred to as Nuclear Verdicts. The increase in Nuclear Verdicts has had a significant impact on the cost of commercial auto liability claims throughout the United States. Due to the increasing cost of commercial auto liability claims, the availability of excess coverage has significantly decreased, and the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, has significantly increased. Over the most recent three-year period, with respect to the annual policy year ending April 30, 2023, as compared to the annual policy year ended April 30, 2020, the Company experienced an increase of approximately 20 million, or over 360 , in the premiums charged by third party insurance companies to the Company for excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of 10 million. Moreover, in recent years the Company has increased the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims in excess of 10 million, including through the use of additional self-insurance, deductibles, aggregate loss limits, quota shares and other arrangements with third party insurance companies, based on the availability of coverage within certain excess insurance coverage layers and estimated cost differentials between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of excess insurance coverage. For example, with respect to a hypothetical claim in the amount of 35 million incurred during the annual policy year ending April 30, 2023, the Company would have an aggregate financial exposure of approximately 10 million. Furthermore, the Company s third party insurance arrangements provide excess coverage up to an uppermost coverage layer, in excess of which the Company retains additional financial exposure. No assurances can be given that the availability of excess coverage for commercial trucking claims will not continue to deteriorate, that the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, will not continue to increase, nor that insurance coverage from third party insurers for excess coverage of commercial trucking claims will even be available on commercially reasonable terms at certain levels. Moreover, the occurrence of a Nuclear Verdict, or the settlement of a catastrophic injury and/or fatality claim that could have otherwise resulted in a Nuclear Verdict, could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. Further, the Company retains liability of up to 1,000,000 for each general liability claim, up to 250,000 for each workers compensation claim and up to 250,000 for each cargo claim. In addition, under reinsurance arrangements by Signature of certain risks of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors, the Company retains liability of up to 500,000, 1,000,000 or 2,000,000 with respect to certain occupational accident claims and up to 750,000 with respect to certain workers compensation claims. The Company s exposure to liability associated with accidents incurred by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads and air and ocean cargo carriers who transport freight on behalf of the Company is reduced by various factors including the extent to which such carriers maintain their own insurance coverage. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, cargo claims or workers compensation claims or the material unfavorable development of existing claims could have a material adverse effect on Landstar s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. 27 

Table of Contents 

Selling, general and administrative During the 2022 fiscal year, employee compensation and benefits accounted for approximately 67 of the Company s selling, general and administrative costs. Employee compensation and benefits include wages and employee benefit costs as well as incentive compensation and stock-based compensation expense. Incentive compensation and stock-based compensation expense is highly variable in nature in comparison to wages and employee benefit costs. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization primarily relate to depreciation of trailing equipment and information technology hardware and software. Costs of revenue The Company incurs costs of revenue related to the transportation of freight and, to a much lesser extent, to reinsurance premiums received by Signature. Costs of revenue include variable costs of revenue and other costs of revenue. Variable costs of revenue include purchased transportation and commissions to agents, as these costs are entirely variable on a shipment-by-shipment basis. Other costs of revenue include fixed costs of revenue and semi-variable costs of revenue, where such costs may vary over time based on certain economic factors or operational metrics such as the number of Company-controlled trailers, the number of BCO Independent Contractors, the frequency and severity of insurance claims, the number of miles traveled by BCO Independent Contractors, or the number and/or scale of information technology projects in process or in-service to support revenue generating activities, rather than on a shipment-by-shipment basis. Other costs of revenue associated with the transportation of freight include: (i) other operating costs, primarily consisting of trailer maintenance and BCO Independent Contractor recruiting and qualification costs, as reported in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) transportation-related insurance premiums paid and claim costs incurred, included as a portion of insurance and claims in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) costs incurred related to internally developed software including ASC 350-40 amortization, implementation costs, hosting costs and other support costs utilized to support our independent commission sales agents, third party capacity providers, and customers, included as a portion of depreciation and amortization and of selling, general and administrative in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income; and (iv) depreciation on Company-owned trailing equipment, included as a portion of depreciation and amortization in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. Other costs of revenue associated with reinsurance premiums received by Signature are comprised of broker commissions and other fees paid related to the administration of insurance programs to BCO Independent Contractors and are included in selling, general and administrative in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition to costs of revenue, the Company incurs various other costs relating to its business, including most selling, general and administrative costs and portions of costs attributable to insurance and claims and depreciation and amortization. Management continually monitors all components of the costs incurred by the Company and establishes annual cost budgets that, in general, are used to benchmark costs incurred on a monthly basis. Gross Profit, Variable Contribution, Gross Profit Margin and Variable Contribution Margin The following table sets forth calculations of gross profit, defined as revenue less costs of revenue, and gross profit margin defined as gross profit divided by revenue, for the periods indicated. The Company refers to revenue less variable costs of revenue as variable contribution and variable contribution divided by revenue as variable contribution margin . Variable contribution and variable contribution margin are each non-GAAP financial measures. The closest comparable GAAP financial measures to variable contribution and variable contribution margin are, respectively, gross profit and gross profit margin. The Company believes variable contribution and variable contribution margin are useful measures of the variable costs that we incur at a shipment-by-shipment level attributable to our transportation network of third-party capacity providers and independent commission sales agents in order to provide services to our customers. The Company believes variable contribution and variable contribution margin are important performance measurements and management considers variable contribution and variable contribution margin in evaluating the Company s financial performance and in its decision-making, such as budgeting for infrastructure, trailing equipment and selling, general and administrative costs. 28 

Table of Contents 

The reconciliations of gross profit to variable contribution and gross profit margin to variable contribution margin are each presented below: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

7,436,562 

6,537,568 

4,132,981 

Costs of revenue: 

Purchased transportation 

5,804,017 

5,114,667 

3,192,850 

Commissions to agents 

614,865 

507,209 

340,780 

Variable costs of revenue 

6,418,882 

5,621,876 

3,533,630 

Trailing equipment depreciation 

36,653 

35,204 

34,892 

Information technology costs 

19,834 

13,560 

9,791 

Insurance-related costs (1) 

127,605 

109,387 

90,778 

Other operating costs 

45,192 

36,531 

30,463 

Other costs of revenue 

229,284 

194,682 

165,924 

Total costs of revenue 

6,648,166 

5,816,558 

3,699,554 

Gross profit 

788,396 

721,010 

433,427 

Gross profit margin 

10.6 

11.0 

10.5 

Plus: other costs of revenue 

229,284 

194,682 

165,924 

Variable contribution 

1,017,680 

915,692 

599,351 

Variable contribution margin 

13.7 

14.0 

14.5 

(1) 
 Insurance-related costs in the table above include (i) other costs of revenue related to the transportation of freight that are included as a portion of insurance and claims in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and (ii) certain other costs of revenue related to reinsurance premiums received by Signature that are included as a portion of selling, general and administrative in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. Insurance and claims costs included in other costs of revenue relating to the transportation of freight primarily consist of insurance premiums paid for commercial auto liability, general liability, cargo and other lines of coverage related to the transportation of freight and the related cost of claims incurred under those programs, and, to a lesser extent, the cost of claims incurred under insurance programs available to BCO Independent Contractors that are reinsured by Signature. Other insurance and claims costs included in costs of revenue that are included in selling, general and administrative in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income consist of brokerage commissions and other fees incurred by Signature relating to the administration of insurance programs available to BCO Independent Contractors that are reinsured by Signature. In general, variable contribution margin on revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors represents a fixed percentage due to the nature of the contracts that pay a fixed percentage of revenue to both the BCO Independent Contractors and independent commission sales agents. For revenue generated by Truck Brokerage Carriers, variable contribution margin may be either a fixed or variable percentage, depending on the contract with each individual independent commission sales agent. Variable contribution margin on revenue generated from shipments hauled by railroads, air cargo carriers, ocean cargo carriers and Truck Brokerage Carriers, other than those under retention contracts, is variable in nature, as the Company s contracts with independent commission sales agents provide commissions to agents at a contractually agreed upon percentage of the amount represented by revenue less purchased transportation for these types of shipments. Approximately 40 of the Company s consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2022 was generated under transactions that pay a fixed percentage of revenue to the third party capacity provider and/or agents while 60 was generated under transactions that pay a variable percentage of revenue to the third party capacity provider and/or agents. Operating income as a percentage of gross profit and operating income as a percentage of variable contribution The following table presents operating income as a percentage of gross profit and operating income as a percentage of variable contribution. The Company s operating income as a percentage of variable contribution is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as operating income divided by variable contribution. The Company believes that operating income as a percentage of variable contribution is useful and meaningful to investors for the following principal reasons: (i) the variable costs of revenue for a significant portion of the business are highly influenced by short-term market-based trends in the freight transportation industry, whereas other costs, including other costs of revenue, are much less impacted by short-term freight market trends; (ii) disclosure of this measure allows investors to better understand the underlying trends in the Company s results of operations; (iii) this measure is meaningful to 29 

Table of Contents 

investors evaluations of the Company s management of costs attributable to operations other than the purely variable costs associated with purchased transportation and commissions to agents that the Company incurs to provide services to our customers; and (iv) management considers this financial information in its decision-making, such as budgeting for infrastructure, trailing equipment and selling, general and administrative costs. 

Fiscal Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Gross profit 

788,396 

721,010 

433,427 

Operating income 

571,083 

505,668 

252,950 

Operating income as of gross profit 

72.4 

70.1 

58.4 

Variable contribution 

1,017,680 

915,692 

599,351 

Operating income 

571,083 

505,668 

252,950 

Operating income as of variable contribution 

56.1 

55.2 

42.2 
 
 The increases in operating income as a percentage of gross profit from fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2022 and from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021 each resulted from operating income increasing at a more rapid percentage rate than the increase in gross profit, as the Company was able to scale our fixed cost infrastructure, primarily certain components of selling, general and administrative costs, across a larger gross profit base. The increases in operating income as a percentage of variable contribution from fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021 each resulted from operating income increasing at a more rapid percentage rate than the increase in variable contribution, as the Company was able to scale our fixed cost infrastructure, primarily certain components of selling, general and administrative costs, as well as certain components of our other costs of revenue, across a larger variable contribution base. Also, as previously mentioned, the Company reports two operating segments: the transportation logistics segment and the insurance segment. External revenue at the insurance segment, representing reinsurance premiums, has historically been relatively consistent on an annual basis at 2 or less of consolidated revenue and generally corresponds directly with the number of trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors. The discussion of cost line items in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations considers the Company s costs on a consolidated basis rather than on a segment basis. Management believes this presentation format is the most appropriate to assist users of the financial statements in understanding the Company s business for the following reasons: (1) the insurance segment has no other operating costs; (2) discussion of insurance and claims at either segment without reference to the other may create confusion amongst investors and potential investors due to intercompany arrangements and specific deductible programs that affect comparability of financial results by segment between various fiscal periods but that have no effect on the Company from a consolidated reporting perspective; (3) selling, general and administrative costs of the insurance segment comprise less than 10 of consolidated selling, general and administrative costs and have historically been relatively consistent on a year-over-year basis; and (4) the insurance segment has no depreciation and amortization. Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2021 Revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 7,436,562,000, an increase of 898,994,000, or 14 , compared to fiscal year 2021. Transportation revenue increased 892,297,000, or 14 . The increase in transportation revenue was attributable to increased revenue per load of approximately 8 and an increased number of loads hauled of approximately 5 compared to fiscal year 2021. During the Company s 2022 fiscal year, demand for the Company s truck transportation services was at all-time high levels during the 2022 first quarter, as supply chains exhibited significant disruption. The macroeconomic environment subsequently began to slow and supply chain congestion began to ease as year-over-year revenue growth decelerated during the 2022 second and third quarters as compared to the 2021 second and third quarters before turning negative in the 2022 fourth quarter as compared to the 2021 fourth quarter. Reinsurance premiums were 78,554,000 and 71,857,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in revenue from reinsurance premiums was primarily attributable to (i) an increase in the aggregate value of equipment insured by BCO Independent Contractors under a physical damage program reinsured by Signature; (ii) participation levels among BCO Independent 30 

Table of Contents 

Contractors in certain occupational accident programs and workers compensation programs and (iii) an increase in the average number of trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. The Company s fiscal year ends each year on the last Saturday in December and, as such, the Company s fiscal year 2022 included fifty-three weeks of operations whereas fiscal year 2021 included fifty-two weeks of operations. Truck transportation revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors and Truck Brokerage Carriers (together, the third party truck capacity providers for fiscal year 2022 was 6,630,839,000, representing 89 of total revenue, an increase of 667,621,000, or 11 , compared to fiscal year 2021. The number of loads hauled by third party truck capacity providers increased approximately 6 in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, and revenue per load on loads hauled by third party truck capacity providers increased approximately 5 compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in the number of loads hauled via truck compared to fiscal year 2021 was due to a broad-based increase in demand for the Company s truck transportation services during fiscal year 2022. Loads hauled via van equipment increased 5 , loads hauled via unsided/platform equipment increased 7 , less-than-truckload loadings increased 4 and loads hauled via other truck transportation services increased 7 as compared to fiscal year 2021. The year-over-year growth in the number of loads hauled via truck peaked in the 2022 first quarter, decelerated throughout the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2022, and turned negative in the 2022 fourth fiscal quarter. The number of loads hauled via truck were 20 , 10 and 1 above the corresponding period of 2021 in the first, second and third fiscal quarters, respectively. The number of loads hauled via truck during the 2022 fourth fiscal quarter was 6 below the 2021 fourth fiscal quarter, despite the extra week of operations in the 2022 fourth fiscal quarter. The increase in revenue per load on loads hauled via truck was due to a tight truck capacity environment experienced during fiscal year 2022, in particular during the first fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2022, and the impact of higher diesel fuel costs on loads hauled via Truck Brokerage Carrier, partially offset by a decreased average length of haul during fiscal year 2022. As compared to fiscal year 2021, revenue per load on loads hauled via van equipment increased 5 , on loads hauled via unsided/platform equipment increased 6 , on less-than-truckload loadings increased 17 and on loads hauled by other truck transportation services increased 2 . The year-over-year growth in revenue per load on loads hauled via truck decelerated throughout fiscal year 2022, before turning negative in the 2022 fourth fiscal quarter. Revenue per load on loads hauled via truck was 22 and 10 above prior year in the first and second fiscal quarters, respectively; essentially flat in the 2022 third quarter as compared to the 2021 third quarter, and 7 below the prior year in the 2022 fourth fiscal quarter. Fuel surcharges billed to customers on revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors are excluded from revenue. Fuel surcharges on Truck Brokerage Carrier revenue identified separately in billings to customers and included as a component of Truck Brokerage Carrier revenue were 211,770,000 and 107,776,000 in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. It should be noted that billings to many customers of the Company s truck brokerage services include a single all-in rate that does not separately identify fuel surcharges on loads hauled via Truck Brokerage Carriers. Accordingly, the overall impact of changes in fuel prices on revenue and revenue per load on loads hauled via truck is likely to be greater than that indicated. Transportation revenue generated by rail intermodal, air cargo and ocean cargo carriers (collectively, the multimode capacity providers for fiscal year 2022 was 704,003,000, or 9 of total revenue, an increase of 216,869,000, or 45 , compared to fiscal year 2021. Revenue per load on revenue generated by multimode capacity providers increased approximately 64 in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, while the number of loads hauled by multimode capacity providers decreased approximately 12 over the same period. Revenue per load on loads hauled by multimode capacity providers increased for all modes. Revenue per load on loads hauled via air, ocean and rail intermodal increased 118 , 56 and 16 , respectively, during fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in revenue per load on loads hauled via air cargo carriers and ocean cargo carriers, in particular, was primarily related to ongoing disruptions in domestic and global supply chains and strong consumer demand. Revenue per load on revenue generated by multimode capacity providers is influenced by many factors, including revenue mix among the various modes of transportation used, length of haul, complexity of freight, density of freight lanes, fuel costs and availability of capacity. The decrease in the number of loads hauled by multimode capacity providers was due to a 22 decrease in rail loadings and a 13 decrease in air loadings, partially offset by a 7 increase in ocean loadings. The 22 decrease in rail loadings was broad-based across several agencies and customers, and the 13 decrease in air loadings was entirely attributable to decreased loadings at one specific customer. The 7 increase in ocean loadings was due to a broad-based increase in demand across many customers for the Company s ocean services. Purchased transportation was 78.0 and 78.2 of revenue in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to a decreased rate of purchased transportation on revenue generated by Truck Brokerage Carriers, partially offset by (i) an increased percentage of revenue generated by Truck Brokerage Carriers, which 31 

Table of Contents 

typically has a higher rate of purchased transportation than revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors and (ii) an increased percentage of revenue generated by multimode capacity providers, which typically has a higher rate of purchased transportation than third party truck capacity providers. Commissions to agents were 8.3 and 7.8 of revenue in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in commissions to agents as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to a decreased cost of purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue on revenue generated by Truck Brokerage Carriers during fiscal year 2022. Investment income was 3,162,000 and 2,857,000 in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in investment income was primarily attributable to higher average rates of return on investments during fiscal year 2022, partially offset by a lower average investment balance held by the insurance segment during fiscal year 2022. Other operating costs increased 8,661,000 in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in other operating costs compared to the prior year was primarily due to (i) increased trailing equipment maintenance costs as a result of (x) increased labor and parts costs charged by the Company s network of third party trailer maintenance facilities; and (y) an increased average trailer fleet size during fiscal year 2022 and (ii) an increased provision for contractor bad debt, partially offset by increased gains on sales of operating property. Insurance and claims increased 20,372,000 in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in insurance and claims expense compared to the prior year was primarily due to increased severity of current year trucking claims during fiscal year 2022, increased insurance premiums, primarily for commercial auto and excess liability coverage, and increased net unfavorable development of prior years claims in the 2022 fiscal year. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, insurance and claims costs included 11,331,000 and 9,708,000 of net unfavorable adjustments to prior years claims estimates, respectively. Selling, general and administrative costs were essentially the same in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021. In the 2022 fiscal year as compared to the 2021 fiscal year, the Company experienced increased wages, an increased provision for customer bad debt, increased travel and entertainment costs and the return of the Company s annual agent convention held in April 2022. These increases were offset by decreased stock-based compensation expense and a decreased provision for incentive compensation. Included in selling, general and administrative costs was stock-based compensation expense of 12,399,000 and 27,537,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, and incentive compensation expense of 16,507,000 and 29,361,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation and amortization increased 7,844,000 in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to increased depreciation on new and updated digital tools deployed for use by the Company s network of agents, capacity providers and employees, and to a lesser extent, in connection with increased trailing equipment depreciation. Interest and debt expense in fiscal year 2022 decreased 356,000 compared to fiscal year 2021. The decrease in interest and debt expense was primarily attributable to increased interest income earned on cash balances held by the transportation logistics segment, partially offset by increased average borrowings on the Company s revolving credit facility during fiscal year 2022, as the Company had no borrowings under its revolving credit facility during the 2021 period, and increased interest expense related to finance lease obligations. The Company had no borrowings under its revolving credit facility as of the end of fiscal year 2022. The provisions for income taxes for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were based on estimated annual effective income tax rates of 24.5 and 24.4 , respectively, adjusted for discrete events, such as benefits resulting from stock-based awards. The actual effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was 24.1 , which was higher than the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 , primarily attributable to state taxes and nondeductible executive compensation, partially offset by excess tax benefits realized on stock-based awards. The actual effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2021 was 24.0 , higher than the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily due to state taxes and nondeductible executive compensation, partially offset by excess tax benefits realized on stock-based awards. The actual effective income tax rate in fiscal year 2022 of 24.1 was lower than the estimated annual effective income tax rate of 24.5 , primarily due to excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based awards in fiscal year 2022. The actual effective income tax rate in fiscal year 2021 of 24.0 was lower than the 24.4 estimated annual effective income tax rate primarily due to excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based compensation arrangements in fiscal year 2021. Net income was 430,914,000, or 11.76 per diluted share, in fiscal year 2022. Net income was 381,524,000, or 9.98 per diluted share, in fiscal year 2021. 32 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2020 Revenue for fiscal year 2021 was 6,537,568,000, an increase of 2,404,587,000, or 58 , compared to fiscal year 2020. Transportation revenue increased 2,389,192,000, or 59 . The increase in transportation revenue was attributable to increased revenue per load of approximately 29 and an increased number of loads hauled of approximately 23 compared to fiscal year 2020. The significant increase in revenue in 2021 from 2020 was primarily related to two factors: (1) consumer demand for durable goods and e-commerce drove revenue during the 2021 period to record levels; and (2) ongoing supply chain disruptions in connection with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the U.S. economy. In particular, the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on demand for the Company s truck transportation services significantly accelerated during the last week of the Company s 2020 first fiscal quarter. However, following the demand lows experienced by the Company in April and May 2020, demand for the Company s truck transportation services sequentially increased throughout the remainder of the 2020 fiscal year and significantly accelerated in fiscal year 2021. This significant, rapid decrease in demand early in the pandemic was followed by a substantially longer and greater sequential increase in demand that was unprecedented in the history of the Company. Reinsurance premiums were 71,857,000 and 56,462,000 for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in revenue from reinsurance premiums was primarily attributable to increased premiums from a third party insurance company relating to unladen insurance provided to certain BCO Independent Contractors and an increase in the average number of trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. Truck transportation revenue generated by third party truck capacity providers for fiscal year 2021 was 5,963,218,000, representing 91 of total revenue, an increase of 2,147,437,000, or 56 , compared to fiscal year 2020. Revenue per load on loads hauled by third party truck capacity providers increased approximately 27 compared to fiscal year 2020, and the number of loads hauled by third party truck capacity providers increased approximately 23 over the same period. The increase in revenue per load on loads hauled via truck was primarily due to an extremely tight truck capacity environment experienced during fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2021, the demand for truck capacity, particularly with respect to van capacity, increased more rapidly than the supply of available truck capacity in the marketplace as the U.S. economy recovered from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic coupled with the impact of domestic supply chain disruptions. Revenue per load on loads hauled via van equipment increased 29 , revenue per load on loads hauled via unsided/platform equipment increased 22 , revenue per load on less-than-truckload loadings increased 7 and revenue per load on loads hauled via other truck transportation increased 30 as compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in the number of loads hauled via truck compared to fiscal year 2020 was due to a broad-based increase in demand for the Company s truck transportation services during fiscal year 2021, particularly those services provided via van equipment and other truck transportation loadings, primarily power-only, compared to fiscal year 2020. Loads hauled via van equipment increased 25 , loads hauled via unsided/platform equipment increased 14 , loads hauled via less-than-truckload increased 13 and loads hauled via other truck transportation increased 46 as compared to fiscal year 2020. Fuel surcharges billed to customers on revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors are excluded from revenue. Fuel surcharges on Truck Brokerage Carrier revenue identified separately in billings to customers and included as a component of Truck Brokerage Carrier revenue were 107,776,000 and 60,118,000 in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. It should be noted that billings to many customers of the Company s truck brokerage services include a single all-in rate that does not separately identify fuel surcharges on loads hauled via Truck Brokerage Carriers. Accordingly, the overall impact of changes in fuel prices on revenue and revenue per load on loads hauled via truck is likely to be greater than that indicated. Transportation revenue generated by multimode capacity providers for fiscal year 2021 was 487,134,000, or 7 of total revenue, an increase of 240,641,000, or 98 , compared to fiscal year 2020. Revenue per load on revenue generated by multimode capacity providers increased approximately 65 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, and the number of loads hauled by multimode capacity providers increased approximately 20 over the same period. Revenue per load on loads hauled by multimode capacity providers increased for all modes, primarily due to strong U.S. and global economic recoveries coupled with the impact of global supply chain disruptions which were particularly acute with respect to international ocean and air freight. Revenue per load on loads hauled via ocean, air and rail intermodal increased 86 , 54 and 24 , respectively, during fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020. Revenue per load on revenue generated by multimode capacity providers is influenced by many factors, including revenue mix among the various modes of transportation used, length of haul, complexity of freight, density of freight lanes, fuel costs and availability of capacity. The increase in the number of loads hauled by multimode capacity providers was due to a broad-based increase in demand across many customers for the Company s rail, air and ocean service offerings during fiscal year 2021. 33 

Table of Contents 

Purchased transportation was 78.2 and 77.3 of revenue in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to an increased percentage of revenue contributed by Truck Brokerage Carriers, which typically has a higher rate of purchased transportation than revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors, and an increased rate of purchased transportation on revenue generated by Truck Brokerage Carriers, partially offset by a decreased rate of purchased transportation paid on revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors due to (i) an increased percentage of revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors who use Landstar-owned trailers and (ii) the impact of COVID-19 pandemic relief incentive payments in fiscal year 2020. Under that program, for each load delivered by a BCO Independent Contractor with a confirmed delivery date from April 1, 2020 through May 30, 2020, the Company paid each of the BCO Independent Contractor who hauled the load and the independent commission sales agent who dispatched the load an extra 50. Commissions to agents were 7.8 and 8.2 of revenue in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in commissions to agents as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to an increased cost of purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue on revenue generated by Truck Brokerage Carriers and a decreased commission rate paid on revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors due to the elimination as of the end of the 2020 fiscal year of certain incentive commission arrangements formerly paid to agents relating to a discontinued BCO recruitment and retention program and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic relief incentive payments to agents included in fiscal year 2020. The Company paid a total of 12,593,000 in COVID-19 pandemic relief incentive payments during fiscal year 2020. Investment income was 2,857,000 and 3,399,000 in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in investment income was primarily attributable to lower average rates of return on investments during fiscal year 2021, partially offset by a higher average investment balance held by the insurance segment during fiscal year 2021. Other operating costs increased 6,068,000 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in other operating costs compared to the prior year was primarily due to increased trailing equipment maintenance costs, increased BCO recruiting and qualification costs, decreased gains on sales of used trailing equipment, the impact of the resumption of an event for the Company s BCO Independent Contractors that was cancelled in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and increased payments of up to 2,000 made to BCO Independent Contractors who tested positive for COVID-19 and were placed out of service. Insurance and claims increased 17,690,000 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in insurance and claims expense compared to the prior year was primarily due to an increase in insurance premiums, primarily for commercial trucking liability coverage, in fiscal year 2021, increased severity of current year trucking claims during the 2021 period and an increase in BCO miles traveled in fiscal year 2021, partially offset by a 5,000,000 charge for the Company s self-insured retention with respect to a tragic vehicular accident involving a fatality during fiscal year 2020 and a 3,500,000 charge relating to additional premium the Company was required to pay under the Initial Excess Policy in connection with certain aggregated losses incurred during fiscal year 2020. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020, insurance and claims costs included 9,708,000 and 9,196,000 of net unfavorable adjustments to prior years claims estimates, respectively. Selling, general and administrative costs increased 53,645,000 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in selling, general and administrative costs compared to prior year was attributable to increased stock-based compensation expense, an increased provision for incentive compensation and increased wages, partially offset by a decreased provision for customer bad debt. Included in selling, general and administrative costs was stock-based compensation expense of 27,537,000 and 4,639,000 for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, and incentive compensation expense of 29,361,000 and 7,841,000 for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation and amortization increased 3,754,000 in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. The increase in depreciation and amortization expenses was primarily due to increased depreciation on information technology assets. During the 2020 second fiscal quarter, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 2,582,000 in respect of certain assets, primarily customer contract and related customer relationship intangible assets, acquired on September 20, 2017, along with substantially all of the other assets of the asset-light transportation logistics business of Fletes Avella, S.A. de C.V. Fletes Avella ). There was no corresponding goodwill impairment charge recorded as the fair value of the Company s Mexico and cross-border reporting unit continued to significantly exceed its carrying value as of December 26, 2020. During the 2020 fourth fiscal quarter, the Company recorded commission program termination costs of 15,494,000 related to buyouts of certain incentive commission arrangements with several of its independent sales agents due to the Company s discontinuation of a truck owner-operator recruitment and retention program formerly involving those agents. 34 

Table of Contents 

Interest and debt expense in fiscal year 2021 increased 23,000 compared to fiscal year 2020. The provisions for income taxes for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were based on estimated annual effective income tax rates of 24.4 and 24.2 , respectively, adjusted for discrete events, such as benefits resulting from stock-based awards. The increase in the estimated annual effective income tax rate was primarily attributable to an increased provision for nondeductible executive compensation during the 2021 period. The actual effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2021 was 24.0 , which was higher than the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily attributable to state taxes and nondeductible executive compensation, partially offset by excess tax benefits realized on stock-based awards. The actual effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2020 was 22.8 , which was higher than the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily attributable to state taxes and the meals and entertainment exclusion, partially offset by excess tax benefits realized on stock-based awards, the favorable resolution of certain tax matters during the 2020 fiscal year and state tax refunds. The effective income tax rate in fiscal year 2021 of 24.0 was lower than the 24.4 estimated annual effective income tax rate primarily due to excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based compensation arrangements in fiscal year 2021. The effective income tax rate in fiscal year 2020 of 22.8 was lower than the 24.2 estimated annual effective income tax rate primarily due to excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based compensation arrangements, the favorable resolution of certain tax matters during the 2020 fiscal year and state tax refunds in the 2020 fiscal year. Net income was 381,524,000, or 9.98 per diluted share, in fiscal year 2021. Net income was 192,106,000, or 4.98 per diluted share, in fiscal year 2020. Net income during fiscal year 2020 was unfavorably impacted by 15,494,000, or 0.31 per diluted share, related to a one-time cost to buyout certain incentive commission arrangements with several agents, 12,593,000, or 0.25 per diluted share, related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic relief incentive payments and 2,582,000, or 0.05 per diluted share, of non-cash impairment charges related to certain assets, primarily customer contract and related customer relationship intangible assets of the Company s Mexico subsidiaries. Capital Resources and Liquidity Working capital and the ratio of current assets to current liabilities were 561,255,000 and 1.6 to 1, respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared with 512,917,000 and 1.5 to 1, respectively, at December 25, 2021, and 402,038,000 and 1.5 to 1, respectively, at December 26, 2020. Landstar has historically operated with current ratios within the range of 1.5 to 1 to 2.0 to 1. Cash provided by operating activities was 622,659,000, 276,740,000, and 210,717,000 in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2022 was primarily attributable to favorable net working capital impacts in connection with the timing of collections of receivables and payment of certain payables and increased net income. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2021 was primarily attributable to increased net income, partially offset by the 58 increase in revenue year-over-year, which increased net receivables, defined as accounts receivable less accounts payable. The Company declared and paid 1.10 per share, or 40,284,000 in the aggregate, in cash dividends during fiscal year 2022. During fiscal year 2022, the Company also paid 75,387,000 of dividends payable which were declared during fiscal year 2021 and included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 25, 2021. In addition, on December 6, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of 2.00 per share, or 71,854,000 in the aggregate, payable on January 20, 2023 to stockholders of record of its Common Stock as of January 6, 2023. Dividends payable of 71,854,000 related to this special dividend were included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. The Company declared and paid 0.92 per share, or 35,191,000 in the aggregate, in cash dividends during fiscal year 2021 and, during such period, also paid 76,770,000 of dividends payable which were declared during fiscal year 2020 and included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 26, 2020. The Company declared and paid 0.79 per share, or 30,557,000 in the aggregate, in cash dividends during fiscal year 2020 and, during such period, also paid 78,947,000 of dividends payable which were declared during fiscal year 2019 and included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 28, 2019. Since paying its first cash dividend in August 2005, the Company has paid approximately 728,000,000 in cash dividends in the aggregate to its stockholders, inclusive of the 2.00 per share special dividend paid on January 20, 2023. During fiscal year 2022, the Company purchased 1,900,826 shares of its Common Stock at a total cost of 285,983,000. During fiscal year 2021, the Company purchased 733,854 shares of its Common Stock at a total cost of 122,722,000. During fiscal year 2020, the Company purchased 1,178,970 shares of its Common Stock at a total cost of 115,962,000. The Company has used cash provided by operating activities to fund the purchases. Since January 1997, the Company has purchased approximately 2,200,000,000 of its Common Stock under programs authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company in open market and private block transactions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company may purchase in the aggregate up to 3,000,000 shares of its Common Stock under its authorized stock purchase programs. Long-term debt, including current maturities, was 103,400,000 at December 31, 2022, compared to 111,804,000 at December 25, 2021 and 100,774,000 at December 26, 2020. 35 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders equity was 887,221,000, or 90 of total capitalization (defined as long-term debt including current maturities plus equity), at December 31, 2022, compared to 862,010,000, or 89 of total capitalization at December 25, 2021 and 691,835,000, or 87 of total capitalization at December 26, 2020. The increase in shareholders equity was primarily the result of net income, almost entirely offset by purchases of shares of the Company s Common Stock and dividends declared by the Company in fiscal year 2022. The increase in shareholders equity in fiscal year 2021 was primarily the result of net income, partially offset by purchases of shares of the Company s Common Stock and dividends declared by the Company in fiscal year 2021. On August 18, 2020, Landstar entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8, 2022, Landstar entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement, dated July 1, 2022, with a bank syndicate led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that superseded and replaced the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement which matures July 1, 2027, provides for borrowing capacity in the form of a revolving credit facility of 300,000,000, 45,000,000 of which may be utilized in the form of letters of credit. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also includes an accordion feature providing for a possible increase of up to an aggregate amount of borrowing capacity of 600,000,000. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which superseded and replaced the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, is referred to herein as the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants that limit, among other things, the incurrence of additional indebtedness. The Company is required to, among other things, maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, as described in the Credit Agreement, and maintain a Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, below a specified maximum. The Credit Agreement provides for a restriction on cash dividends and other distributions to stockholders on the Company s capital stock to the extent there is a default under the Credit Agreement. In addition, the Credit Agreement under certain circumstances limits the amount of such cash dividends and other distributions to stockholders to the extent that, after giving effect to any payment made to effect such cash dividend or other distribution, the Leverage Ratio would exceed 2.5 to 1 on a pro forma basis as of the end of the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter. The Credit Agreement provides for an event of default in the event that, among other things, a person or group acquires 35 or more of the outstanding capital stock of the Company or obtains power to elect a majority of the Company s directors or the directors cease to consist of a majority of Continuing Directors, as defined in the Credit Agreement. None of these covenants are presently considered by management to be materially restrictive to the Company s operations, capital resources or liquidity. The Company is currently in compliance with all of the debt covenants under the Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings outstanding and 33,493,000 of letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2022, there was 266,507,000 available for future borrowings under the Credit Agreement. In addition, the Company has 76,567,000 in letters of credit outstanding as collateral for insurance claims that are secured by investments totaling 85,074,000 at December 31, 2022. Investments, all of which are carried at fair value, include primarily investment-grade bonds and asset-backed securities having maturities of up to five years. Fair value of investments is based primarily on quoted market prices. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further discussion on measurement of fair value of investments. Historically, the Company has generated sufficient operating cash flow to meet its debt service requirements, fund continued growth, both organic and through acquisitions, complete or execute share purchases of its Common Stock under authorized share purchase programs, pay dividends and meet working capital needs. As an asset-light provider of integrated transportation management solutions, the Company s annual capital requirements for operating property are generally for trailing equipment and information technology hardware and software. In addition, a significant portion of the trailing equipment used by the Company is provided by third party capacity providers, thereby reducing the Company s capital requirements. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company acquired 30,659,000, 48,674,000 and 31,633,000, respectively, of trailing equipment by entering into finance leases. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company also purchased 26,005,000, 23,261,000 and 30,626,000, respectively, of operating property. Included in the 23,261,000 of purchases of operating property during the 2021 fiscal year was 500,000 for which the Company accrued a corresponding liability in accounts payable as of December 26, 2020. Landstar anticipates acquiring either by purchase or lease financing approximately 78,000,000 in new trailing equipment, primarily to replace older trailing equipment in fiscal year 2023. Landstar anticipates spending approximately 19,000,000 on information technology hardware and software in fiscal year 2023, 14,000,000 of which relates to either building or buying software applications that enhance or add to the Company s technology ecosystem. In addition, Landstar anticipates spending approximately 13,000,000 on buildings and improvements. 36 

Table of Contents 

On April 1, 2022, Landstar Investment Holdco, LLC, a newly formed Delaware LLC and wholly owned subsidiary of Landstar System Holdings, Inc., purchased Class A units of Cavnue, LLC for approximately 4,999,000 in cash consideration. Cavnue, LLC is a privately held company focused on combining technology and road infrastructure to unlock the full potential of connected and autonomous vehicles. Further, on June 15, 2020, Landstar Blue completed the acquisition of an independent agent of the Company. Total cash consideration paid for the acquisition was approximately 2,934,000. Management believes that cash flow from operations combined with the Company s borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement will be adequate to meet Landstar s debt service requirements, fund continued growth, both internal and through acquisitions, pay dividends, complete the authorized share purchase program and meet working capital needs. Legal Proceedings The Company is involved in certain claims and pending litigation arising from the normal conduct of business. Many of these claims are covered in whole or in part by insurance. Based on knowledge of the facts and, in certain cases, opinions of outside counsel, management believes that adequate provisions have been made for probable losses with respect to the resolution of all such claims and pending litigation and that the ultimate outcome, after provisions therefor, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, but could have a material effect on the results of operations in a given quarter or year. Critical Accounting Estimates Landstar provides for the estimated costs of self-insured claims primarily on an actuarial basis. The amount recorded for the estimated liability for claims incurred is based upon the facts and circumstances known on the applicable balance sheet date. The ultimate resolution of these claims may be for an amount greater or less than the amount estimated by management. The Company continually revises its existing claim estimates as new or revised information becomes available on the status of each claim. Historically, the Company has experienced both favorable and unfavorable development of prior years claims estimates. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, insurance and claims costs included 11,331,000, 9,708,000 and 9,196,000 of net unfavorable adjustments to prior years claims estimates, respectively. The unfavorable development of prior years claims in the 2022 fiscal year was attributable to several specific claims. The unfavorable development of prior years claims in the 2021 fiscal year was primarily attributable to five claims. The unfavorable development of prior year s claims in the 2020 fiscal year was attributable to several specific claims as well as to actuarially determined adjustments to prior year commercial trucking loss estimates. It is reasonably likely that the ultimate outcome of settling all outstanding claims will be more or less than the estimated claims liability at December 31, 2022. Significant variances from management s estimates for the ultimate resolution of self-insured claims could be expected to positively or negatively affect Landstar s earnings in a given quarter or year. However, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these items, given a range of reasonably likely outcomes, will not significantly affect the long-term financial condition of Landstar or its ability to fund its continuing operations. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company is exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of its financing activities, primarily its borrowings on its revolving credit facility, if any, and investing activities with respect to investments held by the insurance segment. On August 18, 2020, Landstar entered into the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8, 2022, Landstar entered into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, with a bank syndicate led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which superseded and replaced the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, is referred to herein as the Credit Agreement. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement which matures July 1, 2027, provides for borrowing capacity in the form of a revolving credit facility of 300,000,000, 45,000,000 of which may be utilized in the form of letters of credit. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also includes an accordion feature providing for a possible increase of up to an aggregate amount of borrowing capacity of 600,000,000. 37 

Table of Contents 

The revolving credit loans under the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022, at the option of Landstar, bear interest at (i) a forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate plus 0.10 and an applicable margin ranging from 1.25 to 2.00 , or (ii) an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.25 to 1.00 , in each case with the applicable margin determined based upon the Company s Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, at the end of the most recent applicable fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered. The revolving credit facility bears a commitment fee, payable in arrears, of 0.20 to 0.30 , based on the Company s Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recent applicable fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 and during the entire fourth quarter of 2022 and all of fiscal year 2021, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Long-term investments, all of which are available-for-sale and are carried at fair value, include primarily investment-grade bonds and asset-backed securities having maturities of up to five years. Assuming that the long-term portion of investments remains at 104,575,000, the balance at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would not have a material impact on future earnings on an annualized basis. Short-term investments consist of short-term investment-grade instruments and the current maturities of investment-grade corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. Accordingly, any future interest rate risk on these short-term investments would not be material to the Company s operating results. Assets and liabilities of the Company s Canadian and Mexican operations are translated from their functional currency to U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and revenue and expense accounts are translated at average monthly exchange rates during the period. Adjustments resulting from the translation process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Transactional gains and losses arising from receivable and payable balances, including intercompany balances, in the normal course of business that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operation are recorded in the statements of income when they occur. The assets held at the Company s Canadian and Mexican subsidiaries at December 31, 2022 were collectively, as translated to U.S. dollars, approximately 4 of total consolidated assets. Accordingly, translation gains or losses of 35 or less related to the Canadian and Mexican operations would not be material. 38 

Table of Contents 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Dec. 31,

 2022

Dec. 25,

 2021

ASSETS

Current Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Short-term investments

Trade accounts receivable, less allowance of and 

Other receivables, including advances to independent contractors, less allowance of and 

Other current assets

Total current assets

Operating property, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of and 

Goodwill

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Current Liabilities

Cash overdraft

Accounts payable

Current maturities of long-term debt

Insurance claims

Dividends payable

Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt, excluding current maturities

Insurance claims

Deferred income taxes and other noncurrent liabilities

Shareholders Equity

Common stock, par value, authorized shares, issued and shares

Additional paid-in
 capital

Retained earnings

Cost of and shares of common stock in treasury

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 39

Table of Contents 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Fiscal Years Ended

December 31,

 2022

December 25,

 2021

December 26,

 2020

Revenue

Investment income

Costs and expenses:

Purchased transportation

Commissions to agents

Other operating costs, net of gains on asset sales/dispositions

Insurance and claims

Selling, general and administrative

Depreciation and amortization

Impairment of intangible and other assets

Commission program termination costs

Total costs and expenses

Operating income

Interest and debt expense

Income before income taxes

Income taxes

Net income

Diluted earnings per share

Average diluted shares outstanding

Dividends per common share

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 0

Table of Contents 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(Dollars in thousands)

Fiscal Years Ended

Dec. 31,

 2022

Dec. 25,

 2021

Dec. 26,

 2020

Net income

Other comprehensive (loss) income:

Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale

 investments, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), and 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation losses

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income

() 

() 

Comprehensive income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 1

Table of Contents 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended

Dec. 31,

 2022

Dec. 25,

 2021

Dec. 26,

 2020

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Non-cash
 interest charges

Provisions for losses on trade and other accounts receivable

Gains on sales/disposals of operating property

() 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment of intangible and other assets

Deferred income taxes, net

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Decrease (increase) in trade and other accounts receivable

() 

() 
 
 (Increase) decrease in other assets

() 

() 
 
 (Decrease) increase in accounts payable

() 

(Decrease) increase in other liabilities

() 

Increase (decrease) in insurance claims

() 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Net change in other short-term investments

Sales and maturities of investments

Purchases of investments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of operating property

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales of operating property

Consideration paid for acquisition

() 
 
 Purchase of non-marketable
 securities

() 

NET CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES

() 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

(Decrease) increase in cash overdraft

() 

Dividends paid

() 

() 

() 
 
 Payment for debt issue costs

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from exercises of stock options

Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued related to stock-based compensation plans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of common stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Principal payments on finance lease obligations

() 

() 

() 
 
 Payment of deferred consideration

() 

NET CASH USED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

() 

() 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 2

Table of Contents 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022, 

December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Common Stock

Additional Paid-In

Retained 

Treasury Stock at Cost

Accumulated Other Comprehensive

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Shares

Amount

(Loss) Income

Total

Balance December 28, 2019

() 

() 

Adoption of accounting standards (Note 17)

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Dividends per share)

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of common stock

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of stock related to stock-based compensation plans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive income

Balance December 26, 2020

() 

() 

Net income

Dividends per share)

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of common stock

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of stock related to stock-based compensation plans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Balance December 25, 2021

() 

() 

Net income

Dividends per share)

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of common stock

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of stock related to stock-based
 compensation plans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 3

Table of Contents 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

4 4

Table of Contents 

Truck Truck Brokerage Carriers

Rail intermodal

Ocean and air cargo carriers

Truck Equipment Type

Van equipment

Unsided/platform equipment

Less-than-truckload

Other truck transportation (1)

(1) 
 
 million per occurrence and maintains various third party insurance arrangements for liabilities in excess of its million self-insured retention. Effective May 1, 2019, the Company entered into a new three year commercial auto liability insurance arrangement for losses incurred between million and million (the Initial Excess Policy with a third party insurance company. The Company subsequently extended the Initial Excess Policy for one additional policy year, from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023. For commercial trucking claims incurred on or after May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023, the extended Initial Excess Policy provides for a limit for a single loss of million, with a remaining aggregate limit of million for the policy period ending April 30, 2023, and an option to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established
 amount of additional premium. If aggregate losses under the Initial Excess Policy exceed the aggregate limit for the period ending April 30, 2023, and the Company did not elect to increase such aggregate limit for a pre-established
 amount of additional premium, the Company would retain liability of up to million per occurrence, inclusive of its million self-insured retention for commercial trucking claims during the remainder of the policy period ending April 30, 2023. 
 The Company also maintains third party insurance arrangements providing excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of million. These third party arrangements provide coverage on a per occurrence or aggregated basis. In recent years, the Company has increased the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims in excess of million, including through the use of additional self-insurance, deductibles, aggregate loss limits, quota shares and other arrangements with third party insurance companies, based on the availability of coverage within certain excess insurance coverage layers and estimated cost differentials between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of excess insurance coverage. 
 Further, the Company retains liability of up to for each general liability claim, up to for each workers compensation claim and up to for each cargo claim. In addition, under reinsurance arrangements by Signature of certain risks of the Company s BCO Independent Contractors, the Company retains liability of up to , or with respect to certain occupational accident claims and up to with respect to certain workers compensation claims. 
 
 4 5

Table of Contents 
 ,000 of restricted cash held by the Company s insurance segment included in the short-term investments balance of ,000, providing collateral, along with certain other investments, for the letters of credit issued to guarantee payment of insurance claims. 

() 

Other receivables

() 

Other non-current
 receivables

() 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2021

Trade receivables

() 

Other receivables

() 

Other non-current
 receivables

() 

() 

() 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2020

Trade receivables

() 

Other receivables

() 

Other non-current
 receivables

() 

years. Trailing equipment is being depreciated over to years. Information technology hardware and software is generally being depreciated over to years. 
 
 4 6

Table of Contents 

reporting units within the transportation logistics segment that report goodwill. The Company reviews its goodwill balance annually for impairment for each reporting unit, unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments, and in accordance with ASU 2011-08,
 Testing Goodwill for Impairment

. ASU 2011-08
 permits an initial assessment, commonly referred to as step zero , of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount and also provides a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative analysis required by ASC Topic 350. In the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022, the Company performed the qualitative assessment of goodwill and determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of its reporting units would be greater than its carrying amount. Therefore, the Company determined it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Furthermore, there has been no historical impairment of the Company s goodwill. 
 options outstanding to purchase shares of Common Stock were antidilutive. Outstanding RSUs were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for all periods because the performance metric requirements or market condition for vesting had not been satisfied. 

4 7

Table of Contents 
 , the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of per share payable on to stockholders of record of its Common Stock as of . Dividends payable of ,000 related to this special dividend were included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 

 On , the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of per share payable on , to stockholders of record of its Common Stock as of . Dividends payable of ,000 related to this special dividend were included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 25, 2021. 

 ,000. In addition, the Company assumed approximately in liabilities consisting of additional contingent purchase price, of which ,000 was remitted during the Company s 2021 second fiscal quarter. The resulting goodwill arising from the acquisition was approximately . With respect to this goodwill, is expected to be deductible by the Company for U.S. income tax purposes. Pro forma financial information for prior periods is not presented as the Company does not believe the acquisition to be material to the Company s consolidated results. The results of operations for Landstar Blue are presented as part of the Company s transportation logistics segment. Transaction costs for the acquisition were insignificant. 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

Balance as of December 26, 2020

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 25, 2021

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to investment income due to the realization of previously unrealized gains and losses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income were not significant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020. 

4 8

Table of Contents 
 (the bond portfolio and money market investments. Investments in the bond portfolio are reported as available-for-sale

 and are carried at fair value. Investments maturing less than one year from the balance sheet date are included in short-term investments and investments maturing more than one year from the balance sheet date are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Management performs an analysis of the nature of the unrealized losses on available-for-sale

 investments to determine whether an allowance for credit loss is necessary. Unrealized losses, representing the excess of the purchase price of an investment over its fair value as of the end of a period, considered to be a result of credit-related factors, are to be included as a charge in the statement of income, while unrealized losses considered to be a result of non-credit-related
 factors are to be included as a component of shareholders equity. Investments whose values are based on quoted market prices in active markets are classified within Level 1. Investments that trade in markets that are not considered to be active, but are valued based on quoted market prices, are classified within Level 2. As Level 2 investments include positions that are not traded in active markets, valuations may be adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability,
 which are generally based on available market information. Any transfers between levels are recognized as of the beginning of any reporting period. Fair value of the bond portfolio was determined using Level 1 inputs related to U.S. Treasury obligations and money market investments and Level 2 inputs related to investment-grade corporate bonds, asset-backed securities and direct obligations of government agencies. Unrealized losses, net of unrealized gains, on the investments in the bond portfolio were at December 31, 2022, while unrealized gains, net of unrealized losses, on the investments in the bond portfolio were at December 25, 2021. 

Asset-backed securities

Corporate bonds and direct obligations of government agencies

U.S. Treasury obligations

Total

December 25, 2021

Money market investments

Asset-backed securities

Corporate bonds and direct obligations of government agencies

U.S. Treasury obligations

Total

49

Table of Contents 

Corporate bonds and direct obligations of government agencies

U.S. Treasury obligations

Total

December 25, 2021

Asset-backed securities

Corporate bonds and direct obligations of government agencies

Total

The Company believes unrealized losses on investments were primarily caused by rising interest rates rather than changes in credit quality. The Company expects to recover, through collection of all of the contractual cash flows of each security, the amortized cost basis of these securities as it does not intend to sell, and does not anticipate being required to sell, these securities before recovery of the cost basis. For these reasons, no losses have been recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

 Short-term investments include in current maturities of investments held by the Company s insurance segment at December 31, 2022. The non-current
 portion of the bond portfolio of is included in other assets. The short-term investments, together with of non-current
 investments, provide collateral for the of letters of credit issued to guarantee payment of insurance claims. 
 Investment income represents the earnings on the insurance segment s assets. Investment income earned from the assets of the insurance segment are included as a component of operating income as the investment of these assets is critical to providing collateral, liquidity and earnings with respect to the operation of the Company s insurance programs. 

State

Foreign

Total current

Deferred:

Federal

() 

() 

State

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred

() 

() 

Income taxes

5 0

Table of Contents 

Share-based payments

Self-insured claims

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Operating property

Goodwill

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

on income before income taxes and the provisions for income taxes (in thousands): 

Fiscal Years

2022

2021

2020

Income taxes at federal income tax rate

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit

Non-deductible
 executive compensation

Meals and entertainment exclusion

Share-based payments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Research and development credits

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other, net

Income taxes

The Company files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. The Company or its subsidiaries file state tax returns in the majority of the U.S. state tax jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company and its subsidiaries are no longer subject to U.S. federal or state income tax examinations by tax authorities for 2018 and prior years. The Company s wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Landstar Canada, Inc., is subject to Canadian income and other taxes. The Company s wholly-owned Mexican subsidiaries, Landstar Holdings, S. de R.L.C.V. and Landstar Metro, S.A.P.I. de C.V., are subject to Mexican income and other taxes. The Company s Canadian and Mexican subsidiaries also may each be subject to U.S. income and other taxes. 

 As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the Company had and , respectively, of net unrecognized tax benefits representing the provision for the uncertainty of certain tax positions plus a component of interest and penalties. Estimated interest and penalties on the provision for the uncertainty of certain tax positions is included in income tax expense. At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, there was and , respectively, accrued for estimated interest and penalties related to the uncertainty of certain tax positions. The Company does not currently anticipate any significant increase or decrease to the unrecognized tax benefit during fiscal year 2023. 

Gross increases related to current year tax positions

Gross increases related to prior year tax positions

Gross decreases related to prior year tax positions

() 

() 
 
 Lapse of statute of limitations

() 

() 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits end of the year

Landstar paid income taxes of in fiscal year 2022, in fiscal year 2021 and in fiscal year 2020. 

5 1

Table of Contents 

Buildings and improvements

Trailing equipment

Information technology hardware and software

Other equipment

Total operating property, gross

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

Total operating property, net

Included above is in fiscal year 2022 and in fiscal year 2021 of operating property under finance leases, and , respectively, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Landstar acquired operating property by entering into finance leases in the amount of in fiscal year 2022, in fiscal year 2021 and in fiscal year 2020. 

 of their base salary, subject to certain limitations. Landstar contributes an amount equal to of the first 3 and of the next of such contributions, subject to certain limitations. 

 The expense for the Company-sponsored defined contribution plan included in selling, general and administrative expense was in fiscal year 2022, in fiscal year 2021 and in fiscal year 2020. 

 outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 

 On , Landstar entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). 

 As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on July 8, 2022, Landstar entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement, dated July 1, 2022, with a bank syndicate led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that superseded and replaced the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which matures July 1, 2027, provides for borrowing capacity in the form of a revolving credit facility of , of which may be utilized in the form of letters of credit. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also includes an accordion feature providing for a possible increase of up to an aggregate amount of borrowing capacity of . 
 The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which superseded and replaced the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, is referred to herein as the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 

 The revolving credit loans under the Credit Agreement, at the option of Landstar, bear interest at (i) a forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate plus and an applicable margin ranging from to , or (ii) an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to , in each case with the applicable margin determined based upon the Company s Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, at the end of the most recent applicable fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered. The revolving credit facility bears a commitment fee, payable quarterly in arrears, of to , based on the Company s Leverage Ratio at the end of the most recent applicable fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered. 

5 2

Table of Contents 
 or more of the outstanding capital stock of the Company or obtains power to elect a majority of the Company s directors or the directors cease to consist of a majority of Continuing Directors, as defined in the Credit Agreement. None of these covenants are presently considered by management to be materially restrictive to the Company s operations, capital resources or liquidity. 

 The interest rates on borrowings under the revolving credit facility are typically tied to short-term interest rates and, as such, carrying value approximates fair value. Interest rates on borrowings under finance leases approximate the interest rates that would currently be available to the Company under similar terms and, as such, carrying value approximates fair value. 

 Landstar paid interest of in fiscal year 2022, in fiscal year 2021 and in fiscal year 2020. 

 lease with a purchase option for the applicable equipment at lease expiration. Substantially all of Landstar s operating lease right-of-use

 assets and operating lease liabilities represent leases for facilities maintained in support of the Company s network of BCO Independent Contractors and office space used to conduct Landstar s business. These leases do not have significant rent escalation holidays, concessions, leasehold improvement incentives or other build-out
 clauses. Further, the leases do not contain contingent rent provisions. Landstar also rents certain trailing equipment to supplement the Company-owned trailer fleet under month-to-month 

 lease terms, which are not required to be recorded on the balance sheet due to the less than twelve month lease term exemption. Sublease income is primarily comprised of weekly trailing equipment rentals to BCO Independent Contractors. 
 Most of Landstar s operating leases include one or more options to renew. The exercise of lease renewal options is typically at Landstar s sole discretion, and, as such, the majority of renewals to extend the lease terms are not included in the right-of-use

 assets and lease liabilities as they are not reasonably certain of exercise. Landstar regularly evaluates the renewal options, and when they are reasonably certain of exercise, Landstar includes the renewal period in the lease term. 
 As most of Landstar s operating leases do not provide an implicit rate, Landstar utilized its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments. Landstar has a centrally managed treasury function; therefore, based on the applicable lease terms and the current economic environment, the Company applies a portfolio approach for determining the incremental borrowing rate. 

Interest on lease liability

Total finance lease cost

Operating leases:

Lease cost

Variable lease cost

Sublease income

() 

Total net operating lease income

() 

Total net lease cost

5 3

Table of Contents 
 and in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Finance lease assets

Operating property, less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total lease assets

Liabilities: 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total future minimum lease payments

Less amount representing interest to 

Present value of minimum lease payments

Current maturities of long-term debt

Long-term debt, excluding current maturities

Other current liabilities 

Deferred income taxes and other noncurrent liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate

5 4

Table of Contents 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock were authorized for issuance under the 2011 EIP and shares of the Company s common stock were authorized for issuance under the 2022 DSCP. further grants can be made under the 2013 DSCP, including from the 

shares of the Company s common stock previously reserved for issuance, but not issued, under the 2013 DSCP. The 2011 EIP, 2013 DSCP and 2022 DSCP are each referred to herein as a Plan, and, collectively, as the Plans. 

Amount of related income tax benefit recognized during the period

() 

() 

() 

Net cost of the Plans during the period

Included in income tax benefits recognized in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 were excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of , and , respectively. 

 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of the Company s Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2022 DSCP and shares of the Company s Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2011 EIP. 

 Restricted Stock Units 

Granted

Shares earned in excess of target (1)

Vested shares, including shares earned in excess of target

() 

Forfeited

() 

Outstanding at December 26, 2020

Granted

Shares earned in excess of target (2)

Vested shares, including shares earned in excess of target

() 

Forfeited

() 

Outstanding at December 25, 2021

Granted

Shares earned in excess of target (3)

Vested shares, including shares earned in excess of target

() 

Forfeited

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

(1)

Represents additional shares earned under the February 2, 2017 RSU awards as fiscal year 2019 financial results exceeded target performance level. 

(2)

Represents shares earned in excess of target under the May 1, 2015 RSU award as total shareholder return exceeded the target under the award. 

(3)

Represents additional shares earned under each of the February 2, 2017, February 2, 2018 and February 1, 2019 RSU awards, as fiscal year 2021 financial results exceeded target performance level under each such award. 

5 5

Table of Contents 
 of the number of RSUs granted, and the maximum number of common shares available for issuance under the January 28, 2022, January 29, 2021 and January 31, 2020 grants equals of the number of RSUs credited to the recipient. In the event actual results exceed the target, the number of shares that will be granted will exceed the number of RSUs granted. The fair value of an RSU with a performance condition was determined based on the market value of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant, discounted for lack of marketability for a minimum post-vesting holding requirement. The discount rate due to lack of marketability used for RSU award grants with a performance condition for all periods was . With respect to RSU awards with a performance condition, the Company reports compensation expense over the life of the award based on an estimated number of units that will vest over the life of the award, multiplied by the fair value of an RSU at the time of grant. 
 The Company recognized approximately , and of share-based compensation expense related to RSU awards in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was a maximum of million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSU awards granted under the Plans with an expected average remaining life of approximately years. With respect to RSU awards with a performance condition, the amount of future compensation expense to be recognized will be determined based on future operating results. 

 Non-vested
 Restricted Stock and Deferred Stock Units 

 The 2011 EIP provides the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors with the authority to issue shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to certain vesting and other restrictions on transfer restricted stock ). 

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Non-vested
 at December 26, 2020

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Non-vested
 at December 25, 2021

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Non-vested
 at December 31, 2022

Th
e fair value of each share of non-vested
 restricted stock issued and Deferred Stock Unit granted under the Plans is based on the fair value of a share of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant. Shares of non-vested restricted stock are generally subject to vesting in three equal annual installments either on the first, second and third anniversary of the date of grant or the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the date of the grant, or on the first or fifth anniversary of the date of the grant. For restricted stock awards granted under the 2022 DSCP plan, each recipient may elect to defer receipt of shares and instead receive restricted stock units Deferred Stock Units ), which represent contingent rights to receive shares of the Company s Common Stock on the date of 

5 6

Table of Contents 
 on the first anniversary of the date of the grant. Deferred Stock Units do not represent actual ownership in shares of the Company s Common Stock and the recipient does not have voting rights or other incidents of ownership until the shares are issued. However, Deferred Stock Units do contain the right to receive dividend equivalent payments prior to settlement into shares. 

 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
 shares of restricted stock and Deferred Stock Units granted under the Plans. The unrecognized compensation cost related to these non-vested
 shares of restricted stock and Deferred Stock Units is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Stock Options 

 The Company did not grant any stock options during its 2020, 2021 or 2022 fiscal years. Options outstanding under the Plans generally become exercisable in either five equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant or on the fifth anniversary from the date of grant, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances. All options granted under the Plans expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. Under the Plans, the exercise price of each option equals the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant. 

 The fair value of each option grant on its grant date was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company utilized historical data, including exercise patterns and employee departure behavior, in estimating the term that options will be outstanding. Expected volatility was based on historical volatility and other factors, such as expected changes in volatility arising from planned changes to the Company s business, if any. The risk-free interest rate was based on the yield of zero coupon U.S. Treasury bonds for terms that approximated the terms of the options granted. 

Exercised

() 

Options at December 26, 2020

Exercised

() 

Options at December 25, 2021

Exercised

() 

Options at December 31, 2022

All stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 had an exercise price per share of and weighted average remaining contractual life of years. All were exercised 
 as of January 31
, 2023 , following which the Company had remaining issued and outstanding vested or unvested stock options

At December 31, 2022, the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was . The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
 stock options granted under the Plans. 
 Directors Stock Compensation Plan 

Directors of the Company who are not employees of the Company (each an Eligible Director are entitled under the 2022 DSCP to receive a grant of such number of restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock or Deferred Stock Units equal to the quotient of 
 divided by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date immediately following the date of each annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company (an Annual Meeting ). Each eligible Director was previously entitled under the 2013 DSCP to receive a grant of such number of restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock or Deferred Stock Units equal to the quotient of 
 divided by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date immediately following the date of each Annual Meeting. In fiscal year 2022, 
 restricted shares were granted to Eligible Directors. In fiscal year 2021, 
 restricted

5 7

Table of Contents 
 restricted shares and Deferred Stock Units were granted to Eligible Directors. Restricted shares and Deferred Stock Units granted in 2020, 2021 and 2022 vest on the date of the next Annual Meeting. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , respectively, of compensation cost was recorded for the grant of these restricted shares and Deferred Stock Units. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock from time to time in the open market and in privately negotiated transactions . 

On December 6, 2022, the Landstar System, Inc. Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase up to 
 additional shares of the Company s Common Stock from time to time in the open market and in privately negotiated transactions. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had authorization to purchase in the aggregate up to 
 shares of its Common Stock under these programs. No specific expiration date has been assigned to the December 
 7, 2021

 or 
 December 6, 2022 

authorizations. During fiscal year 2022, Landstar purchased a total of 
 shares of its Common Stock at a total cost of 
 ,000 pursuant to its previously announced stock purchase program.

 The Company has shares of preferred stock authorized and unissued. 

 letters of credit secured by investments, Landstar had of letters of credit outstanding under the Company s Credit Agreement. 

 The Company is involved in certain claims and pending litigation arising from the normal conduct of business. Many of these claims are covered in whole or in part by insurance. Based on knowledge of the facts and, in certain cases, opinions of outside counsel, management believes that adequate provisions have been made for probable losses with respect to the resolution of all such claims and pending litigation and that the ultimate outcome, after provisions therefor, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, but could have a material effect on the results of operations in a given quarter or year. 

 billion during the most recently completed fiscal year. The Company reports the results of operating segments: the transportation logistics segment and the insurance segment. 
 The transportation logistics segment provides a wide range of integrated transportation management solutions. Transportation services offered by the Company include truckload, less-than-truckload and other truck transportation, rail intermodal, air cargo, ocean cargo, expedited ground and air delivery of time-critical freight, heavy-haul/specialized, U.S.-Canada and U.S.-Mexico cross-border, intra-Mexico, intra-Canada, project cargo and customs brokerage. Examples of the industries serviced by the transportation logistics segment include automotive parts and assemblies, consumer durables, building products, metals, chemicals, foodstuffs, heavy machinery, retail, electronics and military equipment. In addition, the transportation logistics segment provides transportation services to other transportation companies, including third party logistics and less-than-truckload service providers. The independent commission sales agents market services provided by the transportation logistics segment. Billings for freight transportation services are typically charged to customers on a per shipment basis for the physical transportation of freight and are referred to as transportation revenue. The results of operations from Landstar Blue and Landstar Metro are presented as part of the Company s transportation logistics segment. 

single customer accounted for more than of the Company s consolidated revenue in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. Substantially all of the Company s revenue is generated in North America, primarily through customers located in the United States. 

Internal revenue

Investment income

Interest and debt expense

Depreciation and amortization

Operating income

Expenditures on long-lived assets

Goodwill

Finance lease additions

Total assets

2021

External revenue

Internal revenue

Investment income

Interest and debt expense

Depreciation and amortization

Operating income

Expenditures on long-lived assets

Goodwill

Finance lease additions

Total assets

2020

External revenue

Internal revenue

Investment income

Interest and debt expense

Depreciation and amortization

Operating income

Expenditures on long-lived assets

Goodwill

Finance lease additions

Total assets

59

Table of Contents 

Net income

Diluted earnings per share

The unfavorable development of prior years claims in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to several specific claims. The unfavorable development of prior years claims in the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021 was primarily attributable to five claims. The unfavorable development of prior years claims in the fiscal year ended December 26, 2020 was attributable to several specific claims as well as actuarially determined adjustments to prior year commercial trucking loss estimates. 

 ,000 in respect of certain assets, primarily customer contract and related customer relationship intangible assets, acquired on September 20, 2017, along with substantially all of the other assets of the asset-light transportation logistics business of Fletes Avella, S.A. de C.V. Fletes Avella ). During the 2020 second fiscal quarter negative macroeconomic trends in Mexico during the first half of 2020, including issues in the international oil and gas sector, caused significant disruptions in the Mexican economy. Accordingly, management performed impairment tests of the carrying values of certain assets that primarily relate to intra-Mexico business acquired as a part of the Fletes Avella acquisition. The impairment tests resulted in an impairment charge of ,000, as the negative macroeconomic trends in Mexico caused updated financial projections as of the end of the 2020 second quarter relating to these intangible assets to be substantially below those originally anticipated at the acquisition date. There was no corresponding goodwill impairment charge recorded as the fair value of the Company s Mexico and cross-border reporting unit continues to significantly exceed its carrying value as of December 31, 2022. 
 in cash consideration. Cavnue, LLC is a privately held company focused on combining technology and road infrastructure to unlock the full potential of connected and autonomous vehicles. 

 This non-controlling
 investment in units of Cavnue, LLC, is considered an investment in non-marketable
 equity securities without a readily determinable market value. The carrying value of our non-marketable
 equity securities going forward will be adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). 
 cumulative adjustment to retained earnings. 

6 0

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Landstar System, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Landstar System, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 

 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Self-insurance claims liability 

 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the liability for insurance claims includes the actuarially determined estimated costs of cargo, property, casualty, general liability, and workers compensation claims, both reported and for claims incurred but not reported, up to the Company s retained amount per claim, which is referred to as the self-insurance claims liability. The Company s estimated costs of insurance claims include assumptions regarding the frequency and severity of claims and are based upon the facts and circumstances known as of the applicable balance sheet date. The Company s liability for insurance claims as of December 31, 2022 was 109,104,000, which includes the self-insurance claims liability. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the evaluation of the self-insurance claims liability as a critical audit matter. Specialized skills were needed to evaluate the Company s estimate of the self-insurance claims liability. This evaluation included assumptions related to the potential for the development in future periods of claims both reported and incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date and the impact of those developments on the estimated liability associated with such claims. In addition, a higher degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company s estimate of the self-insurance claims liability due to the inherent uncertainty in the frequency and severity of claims. 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s self-insurance claims process, including a control related to the development of the assumptions used to estimate the self-insurance claims liability. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in assessing the actuarial model used by the Company, including the external actuarial report obtained by the Company, to estimate the self-insurance claims liability for consistency with generally accepted actuarial standards. The actuarial professionals also developed an estimate of the range of the self-insurance claims liability using the Company s historical claims data. We compared the estimated range of the self-insurance claims liability to the amount recorded by the Company. We tested a sample of the claims data used in the actuarial model by comparing the data to underlying claims details. For certain claims, we obtained letters received directly from the Company s external legal counsel to evaluate the liability recorded. Additionally, we assessed the development of the self-insurance claims liability in the current year compared to recent historical trends and considered the implications on the current year assumptions. We also assessed facts and circumstances received by the Company after the balance sheet date, but before the consolidated financial statements were issued, and the impact, if any, of such facts and circumstances on the self-insurance claims liability. 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. 

February 24, 2023 

6 2

Table of Contents 
 Item 9.

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None. 

Item 9A.

 Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 an evaluation was carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 

 In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, Company management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitation in any control system, no evaluation or implementation of a control system can provide complete assurance that all control issues and all possible instances of fraud have been or will be detected. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

(a) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Management, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was performed using the criteria established under the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and reporting and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based on the assessment performed using the criteria established by COSO, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

6 3

Table of Contents 
 (PCAOB ID: ), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Such report appears immediately below. 

 (b) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

6 4

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Landstar System, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited Landstar System, Inc. and subsidiary s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/KPMG LLP
 
 Jacksonville, Florida 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no significant changes in the Company s internal control over financi al 
reporting during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B.

 Other Information

On February 23, 2023, the Landstar Board of Directors adopted amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), effective as of such date. Changes to the Bylaws include revisions that (1) conform provisions concerning the list of stockholders to recent amendments to Section 219(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law and (2) make various other additional amendments and conforming changes that do not materially affect the substance of the Bylaws. 
 The foregoing is only a summary of the changes made to the Bylaws, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 9C.

 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable. 
 
 66

Table of Contents 
 PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this Item concerning the Directors (and nominees for Directors) and Executive Officers of the Company will be set forth under the captions Election of Directors, Directors of the Company, Information Regarding Board of Directors and Committees, and Executive Officers of the Company and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this Item concerning the Company s Audit Committee and the Audit Committee s Financial Expert will be set forth under the caption Information Regarding Board of Directors and Committees and Report of the Audit Committee in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to each of its directors and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller and all other employees performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on the Company s website at 
 www.landstar.com

under Investor Relations Corporate Governance. The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 
 8-K
 
regarding amendments to, or waivers from, a provision or provisions of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct by posting such information on its website at the web address indicated above.

 Item 11.

Executive Compensation

The information required by this Item will be set forth under the captions Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation of Directors, Compensation of Named Executive Officers, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Summary Compensation Table, Pay Versus Performance Table, Grants of Plan-Based Awards, Stock Vested, Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End, Nonqualified Deferred Compensation, Compensation Committee Reports and Key Executive Employment Protection Agreements in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by this Item pursuant to Item 201(d) of Regulation 
 S-K
 
is set forth under the caption Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in Part II, Item 5 of this report, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 The information required by this Item pursuant to Item 403 of Regulation 
 S-K
 
will be set forth under the caption Security Ownership by Management and Others in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

None, other than information required to be disclosed under this item in regard to Director Independence, which will be set forth under the caption Independent Directors in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

The information required by this item will be set forth under the caption Report of the Audit Committee and Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.

67

Table of Contents 
 PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1) 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Page

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

39

Consolidated Statements of Income 

40

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

41

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

42

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

43

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

44

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

61 

(2)
 
 Financial Statement Schedules

Financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto, or is not applicable or required. 

(3)
 
 Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description

(3)

Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws:

3.1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated March 6, 2006, including Certificate of Designation of Junior Participating Preferred Stock dated February 10, 1993. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

3.2 

The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, as further amended as of February 23, 2023. 

(4)

Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures:

4.1 P

Specimen of Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-57174))

4.2

Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 28, 2019 (Commission File No. 0-21238))

(10)

Material contracts:

10.1+

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, among Landstar System Holdings, Inc., the Company, the lenders named therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent (including exhibits and schedules thereto). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2022 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.2+

Landstar System, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.3+

First Amendment, dated as of November 1, 2018, to the Landstar System, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (as amended and restated as of January 1, 2015) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

68 

Table of Contents 

10.4+

Landstar System, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended through March 12, 2020, (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 6, 2020 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.5+

Landstar System, Inc. 2022 Directors Stock Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 29, 2022 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.6+

Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of the directors and Executive Officers of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2003 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.7+

Form of Key Executive Employment Protection Agreement between Landstar System, Inc. and each of the Executive Officers of the Company, in the form as amended as of December 26, 2015, (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 26, 2015 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.8+

Total Shareholder Return Performance Related Stock Award Agreement, between Landstar System, Inc. and James B. Gattoni, dated April 24, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2018 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.9+

Letter Agreement, dated May 20, 2021, between Landstar System, Inc. and Fred L. Pensotti (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2021 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

10.10+

Letter Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between Landstar System, Inc. and Fred L. Pensotti (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 28, 2022 (Commission File No. 0-21238)) 

(21)

Subsidiaries of the Registrant:

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

(23)

Consents of experts and counsel:

23.1 

Consent of KPMG LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

(24)

Power of attorney:

24.1 

Powers of Attorney 

(31)

Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002:

31.1 

Chief Executive Officer certification, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Chief Financial Officer certification, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

(32)

Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002:

32.1 

Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 

The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) Financial Statement Schedule.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

69 

Table of Contents 

+
 
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH, WITHOUT CHARGE, TO ANY SHAREHOLDER OF THE COMPANY WHO SO REQUESTS IN WRITING, A COPY OF ANY EXHIBITS, AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. ANY SUCH REQUEST SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC., ATTENTION: INVESTOR RELATIONS, 13410 SUTTON PARK DRIVE SOUTH, JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32224.

70

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ JAMES B. GATTONI 

James B. Gattoni 

President and

Chief Executive Officer

By: 
 
 /s/ JAMES P. TODD 

James P. Todd 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ JAMES B. GATTONI
 James B. Gattoni

President and Chief Executive Officer; Principal Executive Officer; Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ JAMES P. TODD
 James P. Todd

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary; Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Homaira Akbari

Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David G. Bannister

Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

James L. Liang

Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Diana M. Murphy

Chairman of the Board 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Anthony J. Orlando

Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

George P. Scanlon

Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Teresa L. White

Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

By:

/s/ MICHAEL K. KNELLER 
 
 Michael K. Kneller 

Attorney In Fact 

71 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 d428854dex32.htm
 EX-3.2

EX-3.2 

Exhibit 3.2 
 LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. 
 AMENDED RESTATED BYLAWS 
 As Adopted on February 23, 2023 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. 
 AMENDED RESTATED BYLAWS 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1.01. 
 
 Annual Meetings 

1 

Section 1.02. 
 
 Special Meetings 

1 

Section 1.03. 
 
 Participation in Meetings by Remote Communication 

1 

Section 1.04. 
 
 Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice 

1 

Section 1.05. 
 
 Proxies 

2 

Section 1.06. 
 
 Voting Lists 

2 

Section 1.07. 
 
 Quorum 

2 

Section 1.08. 
 
 Voting 

3 

Section 1.09. 
 
 Adjournment 

3 

Section 1.10. 
 
 Organization; Procedure 

3 

Section 1.11. 
 
 No Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

4 

Section 1.12. 
 
 Stockholder Meetings Nominations and Other Proposals 

4 

ARTICLE II 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 2.01. 
 
 General Powers 

7 

Section 2.02. 
 
 Number and Term of Office; Election of Directors 

7 

Section 2.03. 
 
 Regular Meetings 

7 

Section 2.04. 
 
 Special Meetings 

7 

Section 2.05. 
 
 Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice 

8 

Section 2.06. 
 
 Quorum; Voting 

8 

Section 2.07. 
 
 Action by Telephonic Communications 

8 

Section 2.08. 
 
 Adjournment 

8 

Section 2.09. 
 
 Action Without a Meeting 

9 

Section 2.10. 
 
 Regulations 

9 

Section 2.11. 
 
 Resignations of Directors 

9 

Section 2.12. 
 
 Removal of Directors 

9 

Section 2.13. 
 
 Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships 

9 

Section 2.14. 
 
 Compensation 

10 

Section 2.15. 
 
 Reliance on Accounts and Reports, etc 

10 

i 

ARTICLE III 

COMMITTEES 

Section 3.01. 
 
 Designation of Committees 

10 

Section 3.02. 
 
 Members and Alternate Members 

10 

Section 3.03. 
 
 Committee Procedures 

10 

Section 3.04. 
 
 Meetings and Actions of Committees 

11 

Section 3.05. 
 
 Resignations and Removals 

11 

Section 3.06. 
 
 Vacancies 

11 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 4.01. 
 
 Officers 

12 

Section 4.02. 
 
 Appointment of Officers 

12 

Section 4.03. 
 
 Removal and Resignation of Officers 

12 

Section 4.04. 
 
 Vacancies in Office 

12 

Section 4.05. 
 
 Compensation 

13 

Section 4.06. 
 
 Security 

13 

ARTICLE V 

CAPITAL STOCK 

Section 5.01. 
 
 Certificates of Stock, Uncertificated Shares 

13 

Section 5.02. 
 
 Signatures; Facsimile 

13 

Section 5.03. 
 
 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 

13 

Section 5.04. 
 
 Transfer of Stock 

14 

Section 5.05. 
 
 Registered Stockholders 

14 

Section 5.06. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 

14 

ARTICLE VI 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 6.01. 
 
 Indemnification 

14 

Section 6.02. 
 
 Advance of Expenses 

15 

Section 6.03. 
 
 Procedure for Indemnification 

15 

Section 6.04. 
 
 Burden of Proof 

16 

Section 6.05. 
 
 Contract Right; Non-Exclusivity; Survival 

16 

Section 6.06. 
 
 Insurance 

16 

Section 6.07. 
 
 Employees and Agents 

16 

Section 6.08. 
 
 Interpretation; Severability 

17 

ii 

ARTICLE VII 

OFFICES 

Section 7.01. 
 
 Registered Office 

17 

Section 7.02. 
 
 Other Offices 

17 

ARTICLE VIII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 8.01. 
 
 Dividends 

17 

Section 8.02. 
 
 Reserves 

18 

Section 8.03. 
 
 Execution of Instruments 

18 

Section 8.04. 
 
 Voting as Stockholder 

18 

Section 8.05. 
 
 Fiscal Year 

18 

Section 8.06. 
 
 Seal 

18 

Section 8.07. 
 
 Books and Records; Inspection 

18 

Section 8.08. 
 
 Electronic Transmission 

18 

Section 8.09. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 

18 

ARTICLE IX 

AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 

Section 9.01. 
 
 Amendment 

19 

ARTICLE X 

CONSTRUCTION 

Section 10.01. 
 
 Construction 

19 

iii 

LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. 
 AMENDED RESTATED BYLAWS 
 ARTICLE I MEETINGS OF
STOCKHOLDERS Section 1.01. Annual Meetings . An annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for the election of
directors and for the transaction of such other business as properly may come before such meeting shall be held each year either within or without the State of Delaware on such date and at such place and time as are designated by resolution of the
corporation s board of directors (the Board ). Section 1.02. Special Meetings . A special meeting of
the stockholders for any purpose may be called at any time by the Chairman or the President (or, in the event of his or her absence or disability, by any Vice President designated by the President) or by the Secretary pursuant to a resolution of the
Board, to be held either within or without the State of Delaware on such date and at such time and place as are designated by such officer or in such resolution. The stockholders of the corporation do not have the power to call a special meeting.
 Section 1.03. Participation in Meetings by Remote Communication . The Board, acting in its sole discretion, may establish
guidelines and procedures in accordance with applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as amended from time to time (the DGCL and any other applicable law for the participation by stockholders
and proxyholders in a meeting of stockholders by means of remote communications, and may determine that any meeting of stockholders will not be held at any place but will be held solely by means of remote communication. Stockholders and proxyholders
complying with such procedures and guidelines and otherwise entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be deemed present in person and entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place
or solely by means of remote communication. Section 1.04. Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice . 
 (a) The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary shall cause notice of each meeting of stockholders to be given in writing in a manner permitted by
the DGCL not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting, subject to such exclusions as are then permitted by the DGCL. The notice shall specify (i) the place, if
any, date and time of such meeting, (ii) the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, (iii) in the case of a special meeting, the
purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called, and (iv) such other information as may be required by law or as may be deemed appropriate by the President, the Vice President calling the meeting, or the Board. If the stockholder list
referred to in Section 1.06 of these bylaws is made accessible on an electronic network, the notice of meeting must indicate how the stockholder list can be accessed. 

(b) A written waiver of notice of meeting signed by a stockholder or a waiver by electronic
transmission by a stockholder, whether given before or after the meeting time stated in such notice, is deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a stockholder at a meeting is a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends
a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business at the meeting on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 Section 1.05. Proxies . 
 (a) Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent to or dissent from corporate action in writing without
a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. (b) A stockholder may authorize a valid proxy by
executing a written instrument signed by such stockholder, or by causing his or her signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including but not limited to by facsimile signature, or by transmitting or authorizing an electronic
transmission (as defined in Section 8.08 of these bylaws) setting forth an authorization to act as proxy to the person designated as the holder of the proxy, a proxy solicitation firm or a like authorized agent. Proxies by electronic
transmission must either set forth, or be submitted with, information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of a
writing or transmission created pursuant to this section may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used if such copy, facsimile
telecommunication or other reproduction is a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. (c) No proxy may be
voted or acted upon after the expiration of three years from the date of such proxy, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Every proxy is revocable at the pleasure of the stockholder executing it unless the proxy states that it is
irrevocable and applicable law makes it irrevocable. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by filing another duly executed
proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary. Section 1.06. Voting Lists . The officer of the corporation who has charge of
the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of the stockholders (and before any adjournment thereof for which a new record date has been set), a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. This list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for a period of ten
(10) calendar days ending on the day before the meeting date for any purpose germane to the meeting as required by the DGCL or other applicable law. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled by this
section to examine the list required by this section or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. Section 1.07.
 Quorum . Except as otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of record of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting. Shares held by brokers that such brokers are prohibited by law, 
 2 

regulation or rule of any stock exchange from voting (pursuant to their discretionary authority on behalf of beneficial owners of such shares who have not submitted a proxy with respect to such
shares) on some or all of the matters before the stockholders, but which shares would otherwise be entitled to vote at the meeting Broker Non-Votes shall be counted as present for the
purpose of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. A quorum, once established, is not broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 
 Section 1.08. Voting . Every holder of record of shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders is entitled to one vote for
each share outstanding in his or her name on the books of the corporation (a) at the close of business on the record date for such meeting, or (b) if no record date has been fixed, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day
on which notice of the meeting is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. At all meetings of stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present,
each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election, provided that if, as of the tenth (10th) day preceding the date the corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such
meeting to the stockholders of the corporation, the number of nominees for election as director exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. All other matters at any meeting at which
a quorum is present shall be decided by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast, unless otherwise expressly provided by express provision of law or the certificate of incorporation. The stockholders do not have the right to cumulate their
votes for the election of directors. For the avoidance of doubt, abstentions and Broker Non-Votes will not be counted as votes cast. 
 Section 1.09. Adjournment . Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to time, by the chairperson of the meeting or by
the vote of a majority of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting, to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the place, if any, and date and time
thereof (and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting) are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless the adjournment is
for more than 30 days or a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting after the adjournment, in which case notice of the adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 1.04 of these bylaws shall be given to each stockholder of record
entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 Section 1.10. Organization; Procedure . 
 (a) The President shall preside over each meeting of stockholders. If the President is absent or disabled, the presiding officer shall be
selected by the Board or, failing action by the Board, by a majority of the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy. The Secretary, or in the event of his or her absence or disability, an appointee of the presiding officer, shall act
as secretary of the meeting. The Board may make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to any such rules and regulations, the presiding officer of any
meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe rules, regulations and procedures for such meeting and to take all such actions as in the judgment of the presiding officer are appropriate for the proper conduct of such meeting. 
 3 

(b) Preceding any meeting of the stockholders, the Board may, and when required by law
shall, appoint one or more persons to act as inspectors of elections, and may designate one or more alternate inspectors. If no inspector or alternate so appointed by the Board is able to act, or if no inspector or alternate has been appointed and
the appointment of an inspector is required by law, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of an inspector, shall take and sign
an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall discharge their duties in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. 
 Section 1.11. No Stockholder Action by Written Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the
corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, and the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is specifically denied. 
 Section 1.12. Stockholder Meetings Nominations and Other Proposals . 
 (a) Annual Meetings . 
 (i) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and proposals of business to be considered by the stockholders at an
annual meeting of stockholders may be made only (x) as specified in the corporation s notice of meeting (or any notice supplemental thereto), (y) by or at the direction of the Board, or a committee appointed by the Board for such purpose,
or (z) by any stockholder of the corporation who or which (1) is entitled to vote at the meeting, (2) complies in a timely manner with all notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.12, and (3) is a stockholder of record
when the required notice is delivered and at the date of the meeting. A stockholder proposal must constitute a proper matter for corporate action under the DGCL. 
 (ii) Notice in writing of a stockholder nomination or stockholder proposal must be delivered to the attention of the Secretary
at the principal place of business of the corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the corporation s proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting or, if there was no
proxy statement issued for the prior year, by the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the current year s annual meeting is first made. If the number of directors to be elected to the
Board at an annual meeting is increased, and if the corporation does not make a public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board at least 70 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of
the corporation s proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting (or, if there was no proxy statement issued for the prior year, does not make such public announcement concurrently with or prior to the day on which public
announcement of the date of the current year s annual meeting is first made), then any stockholder nomination in respect of the increased number of positions shall be considered timely if delivered not later than the close of business on the
10th day following the day on which a public announcement naming all nominees or specifying the size of the increased Board is first made by the corporation. 
 4 

(iii) Notice of a stockholder nomination shall include, as to each person
whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, all information relating to such person required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors or is otherwise required, in each case
pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Rule 14A-11 thereunder, including such person s written consent to being named in
the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected. Notice of a stockholder proposal shall include a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal (including the text of
any resolutions proposed for consideration and if such business includes proposed amendments to the certificate of incorporation and/or bylaws of the corporation, the text of the proposed amendments), the reasons for conducting such business at the
meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made. 
 (iv) Notice of a stockholder nomination or proposal shall also set forth, as to the stockholder giving the notice and the
beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (w) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporation s books and records, and of such beneficial owner, (x) the class or series
and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (y) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation
entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination, and (z) a representation as to whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a
group which intends (1) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporation s outstanding capital stock required to elect the nominee or to approve or adopt the proposal and/or
(2) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination or proposal. The foregoing notice requirements shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the corporation of his or her intention
to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) promulgated under the Exchange Act and such stockholder s proposal has been included in a proxy
statement that has been prepared by the corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. (b) Special Meetings . 
 (i) Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting
pursuant to the corporation s notice of meeting pursuant to Section 1.04 of these bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting of stockholders may be made only (x) as specified in the
corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (y) by or at the direction of the Board, or a committee appointed by the Board for such purpose, if the corporation s 
 5 

notice of meeting indicated that the purposes of meeting included the election of directors and specified the number of directors to be elected, or (z) subject to the provisions of these
bylaws, by any stockholder of the corporation. A stockholder may nominate persons for election to the board (a stockholder nomination at a special meeting only if the stockholder (1) is entitled to vote at the meeting,
(2) complies in a timely manner with the notice procedures set forth in paragraph (ii) of this Section 1.12(b), and (3) is a stockholder of record when the required notice is delivered and at the date of the meeting. 
 (ii) Notice in writing of a stockholder nomination must be delivered to the attention of the Secretary at the principal place
of business of the corporation not later than the later of the 60th day prior to the date of the meeting and the close of business on the 10th day following the last to occur of the public announcement by the corporation of the date of such meeting
and the public announcement by the corporation of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting, and must comply with the provisions of Sections 1.12(a)(iii) and (iv) of these bylaws. 
 (c) General . 
 (i) Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the presiding officer of a meeting
of stockholders shall have the power and duty (x) to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.12, and (y) if any
proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with this Section 1.12, to declare that such defective nomination shall be disregarded or that such proposed business shall not be transacted. 
 (ii) The corporation may require any proposed stockholder nominee for director to furnish such other information as it may
reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation. If the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) making a nomination or proposal under this Section 1.12
does not appear at a meeting of stockholders to present such nomination or proposal, the nomination shall be disregarded and/or the proposed business shall not be transacted, as the case may be, notwithstanding that proxies in favor thereof may have
been received by the corporation. (iii) For purposes of this Section 1.12, public announcement shall mean
disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.12, a stockholder shall
also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.12. Nothing in this Section 1.12 shall be deemed to affect any rights of
(x) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (y) the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect
directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the certificate of incorporation or of the relevant preferred stock certificate or designation. 
 6 

(v) The announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual or
special meeting does not commence a new time period (and does not extend any time period) for the giving of notice of a stockholder nomination or a stockholder proposal. 
 ARTICLE II BOARD OF
DIRECTORS Section 2.01. General Powers . Except as may otherwise be provided by law or by the certificate of
incorporation, the affairs and business of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such. 
 Section 2.02. Number and Term of Office; Election of Directors . 
 (a) The Board shall be divided into three classes, designated Classes I, II and III, which shall be as nearly equal in number as possible.
Directors of Class I shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2012, directors of Class II shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2013 and
directors of Class III shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2011. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.12 and 2.13 of these bylaws, at each annual meeting of stockholders following such
initial classification and election, the respective successors of each class shall be elected for three year terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from time to time, in furtherance of the first sentence of this section, the Board may nominate one or
more persons for election, and the stockholders may elect such nominee, to a Class of directors having a term that expires less than three years after the annual meeting at which such person(s) is nominated to be elected as a director. 
 (b) The number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. In case of any increase in the number of directors in
advance of an annual meeting of stockholders, each additional director shall be elected by the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, to hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen
(as provided in the last sentence of this subsection (b)), or until his successor shall have been duly chosen. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Any newly created or eliminated directorships
resulting from an increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the three classes of directors so as to maintain such classes as nearly equal as possible. 
 Section 2.03. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board shall be held on such dates, and at such times and places, as are
determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. Section 2.04. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board shall
be held whenever called by the Chairman or the President or, in the event of his or her absence or disability, by any Vice President designated by the President, or by a majority of the directors then in office, at such place, date and time as may
be specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice of such meetings. Any business may be conducted at a special meeting. 
 7 

Section 2.05. Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice . 
 (a) Notices of special meetings shall be given to each director, and notice of each resolution or other action affecting the date, time or
place of one or more regular meetings shall be given to each director not present at the meeting adopting such resolution or other action, subject to Section 2.08 of these bylaws. Notices shall be given personally, or by telephone confirmed by
facsimile or email dispatched promptly thereafter, or by facsimile or email confirmed by a writing delivered by a recognized overnight courier service, directed to each director at the address from time to time designated by such director to the
Secretary. Each such notice and confirmation must be given (received in the case of personal service, or delivery of written confirmation) at least 24 hours prior to the time of a special meeting, and at least five days prior to the initial regular
meeting affected by such resolution or other action, as the case may be. (b) A written waiver of notice of meeting signed by a director or
a waiver by electronic transmission by a director, whether given before or after the meeting time stated in such notice, is deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a director at a meeting is a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the
director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business at the meeting on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 Section 2.06. Quorum; Voting . At all meetings of the Board, the presence of a majority of the total authorized number of directors
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be
the act of the Board. Section 2.07. Action by Telephonic Communications . Members of the Board may participate in a meeting of
the Board by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this provision shall constitute presence in
person at such meeting. Section 2.08. Adjournment . A majority of the directors present may adjourn any meeting of the Board
to another date, time or place, whether or not a quorum is present. No notice need be given of any adjourned meeting unless (a) the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting are not announced at the time of adjournment, in which case notice
conforming to the requirements of Section 2.05 of these bylaws applicable to special meetings shall be given to each director, or (b) the meeting is adjourned for more than 24 hours, in which case the notice referred to in clause
(a) shall be given to those directors not present at the announcement of the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting. 
 8 

Section 2.09. Action Without a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings
of the Board. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 Section 2.10. Regulations . To the extent consistent with applicable law, the certificate of incorporation and these bylaws, the
Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of the Board and for the management of the affairs and business of the corporation as the Board may deem appropriate. The Board may elect from among its members a chairperson and
one or more vice-chairpersons to preside over meetings and to perform such other duties as may be designated by the Board. 
 Section 2.11. Resignations of Directors . Any director may resign at any time by submitting an electronic transmission or by
delivering a written notice of resignation, signed by such director, to the President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect upon delivery unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the
happening of a specified event. A resignation conditioned upon the director s failure to obtain a specified vote for re-election as director is irrevocable. 
 Section 2.12. Removal of Directors . Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock, if any, to
elect additional directors pursuant to the certificate of incorporation, any director may be removed at any time, but only for cause, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the corporation
entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, acting at a stockholder meeting. Section 2.13. Vacancies and Newly
Created Directorships . (a) Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock, if any, to elect additional
directors pursuant to the certificate of incorporation, any vacancy in the Board caused by any removal of one or more directors pursuant to Section 2.12 of these bylaws may be filled at the stockholder meeting at which such removal is effected
by the stockholders entitled to vote for the election of the director so removed. If the stockholders do not so fill such vacancy, it may be filled in the manner provided in Section 2.13(b) of these bylaws. 
 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock, if any, to elect additional directors pursuant to the
certificate of incorporation, and except as provided in Section 2.13(a) of these bylaws, if any vacancies shall occur in the Board, by reason of death, resignation, removal or otherwise, or if the authorized number of directors shall be
increased, the directors then in office shall continue to act. Any such vacancies or newly created directorships may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. If a director
resigns effective at a future date, he or she may participate in the election of replacement directors provided for in the preceding sentence, with the election to take effect at the effective date of such resignation. A director elected to fill a
vacancy or a newly created directorship shall hold office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified. 
 9 

Section 2.14. Compensation . The Board may by resolution determine the
compensation of directors for their services and the expenses in the performance of such services for which a director is entitled to reimbursement. 
 Section 2.15. Reliance on Accounts and Reports, etc . A director, as such or as a member of any committee designated by the Board,
shall in the performance of his or her duties be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the corporation and upon information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the corporation by any of the corporation s
officers or employees, or committees designated by the Board, or by any other person as to the matters the member reasonably believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable
care by or on behalf of the corporation. ARTICLE III 
 COMMITTEES 
 Section 3.01. Designation of Committees . The Board shall designate such committees as may be required by applicable laws,
regulations or stock exchange rules, and may designate such additional committees as it deems necessary or appropriate. Each committee shall consist of such number of directors, with such qualifications, as may be required by applicable laws,
regulations or stock exchange rules, or as from time to time may be fixed by a majority of the total number of directors which the corporation would have if there were no vacancies on the Board (the whole Board ), and shall have
and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation to the extent delegated to such committee by resolution of a majority of the whole Board, which delegation shall include all
such powers and authority as may be required by applicable laws, regulations or stock exchange rules. No committee shall have any power or authority as to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter
(other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these bylaws or (c) as may otherwise be excluded by law or by the
certificate of incorporation, and no committee may delegate any of its power or authority to a subcommittee unless so authorized by a majority of the whole Board. 
 Section 3.02. Members and Alternate Members . The members of each committee and any alternate members shall be selected by a
majority of the whole Board, and shall serve at the pleasure of the Board or, if a majority of the whole Board shall so determine, for a stated term. An alternate member may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee.
An alternate member shall be given all notices of committee meetings and may attend any meeting of the committee, but may count towards a quorum and vote only if a member for whom such person is an alternate is absent or disqualified. Each member
(and each alternate member) of any committee shall hold office only until the end of such term, if any, as may have been fixed for such person by a majority of the whole Board, the time he or she shall cease to be a director, or his or her earlier
death, resignation or removal. Section 3.03. Committee Procedures . A quorum for each committee shall be a majority of its
members, unless the committee has only one or two members, in which case a quorum shall be one member, or unless a greater quorum is established by a majority of the whole Board. The vote of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting
at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report to the Board when required. A majority of the whole Board shall adopt a charter for each committee for which a
charter is required by applicable laws, regulations or stock exchange rules, may adopt a charter for any other committee, and may adopt other rules and regulations for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these
bylaws or any such charter, and each committee may adopt its own rules and regulations of government, to the extent not inconsistent with these bylaws or any charter or other rules and regulations adopted by a majority of the whole Board. 
 10 

Section 3.04. Meetings and Actions of Committees . Except to the extent that the
same may be inconsistent with the terms of any committee charter required by applicable laws, regulations or stock exchange rules, meetings and actions of each committee shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of
the following sections of these bylaws, with such bylaws being deemed to refer to the committee and its members in lieu of the Board and its members: 
 (a) Section 2.03 (to the extent relating to place and time of regular meetings); 
 (b) Section 2.04 (relating to special meetings); 
 (c) Section 2.05 (relating to notice and waiver of notice); 
 (d) Sections 2.07 and 2.09 (relating to telephonic communication and action without a meeting); and 
 (e) Section 2.08 (relating to adjournment and notice of adjournment). 
 Special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board. 
 Section 3.05. Resignations and Removals . Any member (and any alternate member) of any committee may resign from such position at
any time by delivering a written notice of resignation, signed by such member, to the President or the Secretary. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon delivery. Any member (and any alternate member) of any
committee may be removed from such position at any time, either for or without cause, by resolution adopted by a majority of the whole Board. 
 Section 3.06. Vacancies . If a vacancy occurs in any committee for any reason the remaining members (and any alternate members) may
continue to act if a quorum is present. A committee vacancy may only be filled by a majority of the whole Board. 
 11 

ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 4.01. Officers . The corporation shall have such officers as are from time to time determined by resolution of the Board,
including a President, who shall be the chief executive officer of the Company and who may be designated Chief Executive Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary, and such other officers as may be appointed
pursuant to Section 4.02(b) of these bylaws. The Board shall from time to time designate a Vice President to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the President s absence or disability. Any number of
offices may be held by the same person. An officer of the corporation may be, but need not be, a director of the corporation, and the chairperson of the Board may but need not be the President of the corporation. 
 Section 4.02. Appointment of Officers . 
 (a) The Board shall elect the officers of the corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 4.02(b) of these bylaws. (b) The Board from time to time may by resolution also empower the President (and one or more Vice
Presidents) to appoint and remove subordinate officers and to prescribe their respective rights, terms of office, authorities and duties to the extent not prescribed by the Board. 
 (c) An officer shall have such authority and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties (i) as may be required by law,
(ii) to the extent not inconsistent with law, as are specified in these bylaws, (iii) to the extent not inconsistent with law or these bylaws, as may be specified by resolution of the Board and (iv) to the extent not inconsistent with
any of the foregoing, as may be specified by the appointing officer with respect to a subordinate officer appointed pursuant to delegated authority under Section 4.02(b). Any action by an appointing officer may be superseded by action by the
Board. (d) Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the officers of the corporation need not be elected for a specified term but shall
serve at the pleasure of the board or the appointing officer or for such terms as may be agreed in the individual case by each officer and the corporation. Each officer, whether elected by the Board or appointed by an officer in accordance with
Section 4.02(b) of these bylaws, shall hold office until his or her successor has been elected or appointed and has qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. A failure to elect officers shall not dissolve or
otherwise affect the corporation. Section 4.03. Removal and Resignation of Officers . Any officer may be removed, either with
or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the Board at any regular or special meeting of the Board or, except in the case of an officer appointed by the Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the
Board. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the corporation, either in writing signed by such officer or by electronic transmission. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon delivery.
Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. The removal or resignation of an officer does not affect the rights of the corporation or such officer under his
or her contract of employment, if any. Section 4.04. Vacancies in Office . Any vacancy occurring in any office of the
corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise, may be filled by the Board or, if the vacant office was held by an officer appointed by another officer, by the appointing officer. 
 12 

Section 4.05. Compensation . The salaries and all other compensation of the
officers and other agents of the corporation shall be fixed by the Board or in the manner established by the Board. Section 4.06.
 Security . The Board may require any officer, agent or employee of the corporation to provide security for the faithful performance of his or her duties, in such amount and of such character as may be determined from time to time by the Board.
 ARTICLE V CAPITAL
STOCK Section 5.01. Certificates of Stock, Uncertificated Shares . The shares of the corporation shall be represented by
certificates, except to the extent that the Board has provided by resolution that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented
by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Every holder of stock in the corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have, and the Board may in its sole discretion permit a holder of uncertificated
shares to receive upon request, a certificate, signed by the appropriate officers of the corporation, representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Such certificate shall be in such form as the Board may determine, to the extent
consistent with applicable law, the certificate of incorporation and these bylaws. Section 5.02. Signatures; Facsimile . All
signatures on the certificates referred to in Section 5.01 of these bylaws may be in facsimile form, to the extent permitted by law. If any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon,
a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of
issue. Section 5.03. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . A new certificate (or uncertificated shares, if authorized as
contemplated by Section 5.01) may be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed only upon delivery to the corporation of an affidavit of the owner or owners (or their
legal representatives) of such certificate, setting forth such allegation, and a bond or other undertaking as may be satisfactory to a financial officer of the corporation designated by the Board to indemnify the corporation against any claim that
may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 13 

Section 5.04. Transfer of Stock . 
 (a) Transfers of certificated shares shall be made on the books of the corporation upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of
the corporation of a certificate for shares, duly endorsed or accompanied by appropriate evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer and otherwise in compliance with applicable law. Transfers of uncertificated shares shall be made on
the books of the corporation as provided by applicable law. Within a reasonable time after the transfer of uncertificated shares, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be
set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to Sections 151, 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the DGCL. Subject to applicable law, the provisions of the certificate of incorporation and these bylaws, the Board may prescribe such additional rules and
regulations as it may deem appropriate relating to the issue, transfer and registration of shares of the corporation. (b) The corporation
may enter into agreements with stockholders to restrict the transfer of stock of the corporation in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 Section 5.05. Registered Stockholders . Prior to due surrender of a certificate for registration of transfer, or due delivery of
instructions for the registration of transfer of uncertificated shares, the corporation may treat the registered owner as the person exclusively entitled to receive dividends and other distributions, to vote, to receive notice and otherwise to
exercise all the rights and powers of the owner of the shares represented by such certificate, and the corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or legal claim to or interest in such shares on the part of any other person, whether or
not the corporation shall have notice of such claim or interests. If a transfer of shares is made for collateral security, and not absolutely, this fact shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer if, when the certificates are presented to
the corporation for transfer or uncertificated shares are requested to be transferred, both the transferor and transferee request the corporation to do so. 
 Section 5.06. Transfer Agent and Registrar . The Board may appoint one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may
require all certificates representing shares to bear the signature of any such transfer agents or registrars. ARTICLE VI 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 6.01. Indemnification . 
 (a) In General . The corporation shall indemnify, to the full extent permitted by the DGCL and other applicable law, any person who was
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (each, a proceeding by reason of the fact that
(x) such person is or was serving or has agreed to serve as a director or officer of the corporation or (y) such person, while serving as a director or officer of the corporation, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of
the corporation as a director, officer, employee, manager or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise or (z) such person is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the corporation as a
director, officer or manager of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted by such person in such capacity, and who satisfies the applicable standard
of conduct set forth in the DGCL or other applicable law: 
 14 

(i) in a proceeding other than a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person or on such person s behalf in connection with such proceeding and any appeal
therefrom, or (ii) in a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, against
expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person or on such person s behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of such proceeding and any appeal therefrom. 
 (b) Indemnification in Respect of Successful Defense . To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the corporation has
been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any proceeding referred to in Section 6.01(a) or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified by the corporation against expenses (including
attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (c) Indemnification in Respect of
Proceedings Instituted by Indemnitee . Section 6.01(a) does not require the corporation to indemnify a present or former director or officer of the corporation in respect of a proceeding (or part thereof) instituted by such person on his or
her own behalf, unless such proceeding (or part thereof) has been authorized by the Board or the indemnification requested is pursuant to the last sentence of Section 6.03 of these bylaws. 
 Section 6.02. Advance of Expenses . The corporation shall advance all expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred
by a present or former director or officer in defending any proceeding prior to the final disposition of such proceeding upon written request of such person and delivery of an undertaking (which may be unsecured) by such person to repay such amount
if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. The corporation may authorize any counsel for the corporation to represent (subject to applicable conflict of interest considerations) such
present or former director or officer in any proceeding, whether or not the corporation is a party to such proceeding. Section 6.03.
 Procedure for Indemnification . Any indemnification under Section 6.01 of these bylaws or any advance of expenses under Section 6.02 of these bylaws shall be made only against a written request therefor (together with supporting
documentation) submitted by or on behalf of the person seeking indemnification or advance. Indemnification may be sought by a person under Section 6.01 of these bylaws in respect of a proceeding only to the extent that both the liabilities for
which indemnification is sought and all portions of the proceeding relevant to the determination of whether the person has satisfied any appropriate standard of conduct have become final. A person seeking indemnification or advance of expenses may
seek to enforce such person s rights to indemnification or advance of expenses (as the case may be) in the Delaware Court of Chancery to the extent all or any portion of a requested indemnification has not been granted within 60 days of, or to
the extent all or any portion of a requested advance of expenses has not been granted within 20 days of, the submission of such request. All expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by such person in connection with successfully
establishing such person s right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article, in whole or in part, shall also be indemnified by the corporation. 
 15 

Section 6.04. Burden of Proof . 
 (a) In any proceeding brought to enforce the right of a person to receive indemnification to which such person is entitled under
Section 6.01 of these bylaws, the corporation has the burden of demonstrating that the standard of conduct applicable under the DGCL or other applicable law was not met. A prior determination by the corporation (including its Board or any
committee thereof, its independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct does not itself constitute evidence that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 (b) In any proceeding brought to enforce a claim for advances to which a person is entitled under Section 6.02 of these bylaws, the person
seeking an advance need only show that he or she has satisfied the requirements expressly set forth in Section 6.02 of these bylaws. 
 Section 6.05. Contract Right; Non-Exclusivity; Survival . 
 (a) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Article shall be deemed to be separate contract rights between
the corporation and each director and officer who serves in any such capacity at any time while these provisions as well as the relevant provisions of the DGCL are in effect, and no repeal or modification of any of these provisions or any relevant
provisions of the DGCL shall adversely affect any right or obligation of such director or officer existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to any state of facts then or previously existing or any proceeding previously or
thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such state of facts. Such contract rights may not be modified retroactively as to any present or former director or officer without the consent of such director or
officer. (b) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
indemnification or advancement of expenses to which a present or former director or officer of the corporation seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled by any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or
otherwise. (c) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Article to any present or former director or
officer of the corporation shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. Section 6.06.
 Insurance . The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or
officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person or on such person s behalf in any such capacity, or arising out of such
person s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article. 
 Section 6.07. Employees and Agents . The Board, or any officer authorized by the Board generally or in the specific case to make
indemnification decisions, may cause the corporation to indemnify any present or former employee or agent of the corporation in such manner and for such liabilities as the Board may determine, up to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and other
applicable law. 
 16 

Section 6.08. Interpretation; Severability . Terms defined in Sections 145(h) or
(i) of the DGCL have the meanings set forth in such sections when used in this Article. If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless
indemnify each director or officer of the corporation as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, including an action by or in the right of the corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law. ARTICLE VII 
 OFFICES 
 Section 7.01. Registered Office . The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be located at the
location provided in the corporation s certificate of incorporation. Section 7.02. Other Offices . The corporation may
maintain offices or places of business at such other locations within or without the State of Delaware as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the corporation may require. 
 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL
PROVISIONS Section 8.01. Dividends . 
 (a) Subject to any applicable provisions of law and the certificate of incorporation, dividends upon the shares of the corporation may be
declared by the Board at any regular or special meeting of the Board and any such dividend may be paid in cash, property, or shares of the corporation s stock. 
 (b) A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the
records of the corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the director reasonably believes
are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the corporation, as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities and/or net profits of the corporation, or
any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of surplus or other funds from which dividends might properly be declared and paid. 
 17 

Section 8.02. Reserves . There may be set apart out of any funds of the
corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board from time to time may determine proper as a reserve or reserves for meeting contingencies, equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation or for such
other purpose or purposes as the Board may determine conducive to the interest of the corporation, and the Board may similarly modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 Section 8.03. Execution of Instruments . Except as otherwise required by law or the certificate of incorporation, the Board or any
officer of the corporation authorized by the Board may authorize any other officer or agent of the corporation to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name and on behalf of the corporation. Any such authorization must
be in writing or by electronic transmission and may be general or limited to specific contracts or instruments. Section 8.04.
 Voting as Stockholder . Unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board, the President or any Vice President shall have full power and authority on behalf of the corporation to attend any meeting of stockholders of any corporation in
which the corporation may hold stock, and to act, vote (or execute proxies to vote) and exercise in person or by proxy all other rights, powers and privileges incident to the ownership of such stock at any such meeting, or through action without a
meeting. The Board may by resolution from time to time confer such power and authority (in general or confined to specific instances) upon any other person or persons. 
 Section 8.05. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the corporation shall be the 52 or 53 week period ending the last Saturday in each
December or such other annual period as shall be fixed from time to time by the Board. Section 8.06. Seal . The seal of the
corporation shall be circular in form and shall contain the name of the corporation, the year of its incorporation and the words Corporate Seal and Delaware . The form of such seal shall be subject to alteration by the Board.
The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or reproduced, or may be used in any other lawful manner. 
 Section 8.07. Books and Records; Inspection . Except to the extent otherwise required by law, the books and records of the
corporation shall be kept at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as may be determined from time to time by the Board. 
 Section 8.08. Electronic Transmission . Electronic transmission , as used in these bylaws, means any form of
communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an
automated process. Section 8.09. Exclusive Forum . Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a
fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law or the Corporation s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or (d) any other action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 18 

ARTICLE IX 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 Section 9.01. Amendment . In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board is expressly
authorized to adopt, repeal, alter or amend the bylaws of the corporation by the vote of a majority of the entire Board. In addition to any requirements of law and any provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the stockholders of the
corporation may adopt, repeal, alter or amend any provision of the Bylaws upon the affirmative vote of the holders of 75 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors. ARTICLE X 
 CONSTRUCTION 
 Section 10.01. Construction . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of these bylaws as in effect from time to time
and the provisions of the certificate of incorporation of the corporation as in effect from time to time, the provisions of such certificate of incorporation shall be controlling. 
 19 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d428854dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF LANDSTAR SYSTEM, INC. 
 (as of December 31, 2022) 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

of Voting Securities Owned 

Subsidiary of Landstar System, Inc. 

Landstar System Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Subsidiaries of Landstar System Holdings, Inc. 

Landstar Inway, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Global Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Ligon, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Ranger, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Risk Management Claim Services, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Transportation Logistics, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Also d/b/a Landstar Carrier Services, Inc. 

Landstar Contractor Financing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Signature Insurance Company 
 
 Cayman Islands, BWI 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Canada Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar MH I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Blue LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar Investment Holdco, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Subsidiary of Landstar Canada Holdings, Inc. 

Landstar Canada, Inc. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 100 
 
 Also d/b/a Enterprise Landstar Canada in Quebec 

Subsidiary of Landstar Global Logistics, Inc. 

Landstar Express America, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Subsidiary of Landstar Ranger, Inc. 

Landstar Gemini, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Also d/b/a Landstar Less Than Truck Load 

Also d/b/a Landstar LTL 

Subsidiary of Landstar MH I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Landstar MH II LL 

Landstar Holdings, S. de R.L.C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 0.1 
 
 Subsidiary of Landstar MH II LLC 
 
 Mexico 
 
 99.9 
 
 Landstar Holdings, S. de R.L.C.V. 

Subsidiary of Landstar Holdings, S. de R.L.C.V. 

Landstar Metro, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 d428854dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-190411, No. 333-68454, No. 333-68452, No. 333-175890 and No. 333-267538) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Landstar System, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP Jacksonville, Florida 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 d428854dex241.htm
 EX-24.1

EX-24.1 

Exhibit 24.1 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY Landstar System, Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS,
that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with full power in each to act without the other, her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in her name, place and stead to execute on her behalf, as an officer and/or director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments which either of said
 attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of the SEC in respect
thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing whatsoever necessary or
appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as she might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming all that her said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set her hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ Homaira Akbari 

Homaira Akbari 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Landstar System, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with
full power in each to act without the other, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in his name, place and stead to execute on his behalf, as an officer and/or
director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments
which either of said attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of
the SEC in respect thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
whatsoever necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as he might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that his said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ David G. Bannister 

David G. Bannister 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Landstar System, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with
full power in each to act without the other, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in his name, place and stead to execute on his behalf, as an officer and/or
director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments
which either of said attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of
the SEC in respect thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
whatsoever necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as he might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that his said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ James L. Liang 

James L. Liang 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Landstar System, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with
full power in each to act without the other, her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in her name, place and stead to execute on her behalf, as an officer and/or
director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments
which either of said attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of
the SEC in respect thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
whatsoever necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as she might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that her said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set her hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ Diana M. Murphy 

Diana M. Murphy 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Landstar System, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with
full power in each to act without the other, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in his name, place and stead to execute on his behalf, as an officer and/or
director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments
which either of said attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of
the SEC in respect thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
whatsoever necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as he might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that his said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ Anthony J. Orlando 

Anthony J. Orlando 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Landstar System, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with
full power in each to act without the other, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in his name, place and stead to execute on his behalf, as an officer and/or
director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments
which either of said attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of
the SEC in respect thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
whatsoever necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as he might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that his said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ George P. Scanlon 

George P. Scanlon 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Landstar System, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/22 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint James P. Todd and Michael K. Kneller, and each of them, with
full power in each to act without the other, her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, in her name, place and stead to execute on her behalf, as an officer and/or
director of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company ), the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and file the same with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), and any and all other instruments
which either of said attorneys-in-fact and agents deems necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Act, the rules, regulations and requirements of
the SEC in respect thereof, giving and granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
whatsoever necessary or appropriate to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents as she might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that her said attorneys-in-fact and agents or substitutes may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set her hand on the date indicated below. 

/s/ Teresa L. White 

Teresa L. White 

DATED: January 27, 2023 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 d428854dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, James B. Gattoni,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Landstar System,
Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ James B. Gattoni 
 
 James B. Gattoni 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 d428854dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, James P. Todd,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Landstar System,
Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ James P. Todd 
 
 James P. Todd 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 d428854dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, James B. Gattoni, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James B. Gattoni 

James B. Gattoni 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 d428854dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of Landstar System, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, James P. Todd, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James P. Todd 

James P. Todd 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 lstr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 lstr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 lstr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 lstr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

COVER
 99
 filename99.htm

COVER 

February 24, 2023 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 450 5th Street, N.W. 
 Judiciary Plaza Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Dear Sirs: Pursuant to regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, submitted herewith for filing on behalf of Landstar System, Inc. is the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022. 
 This filing is being effected by direct transmission to the Commission s EDGAR System. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ James P. Todd 
 
 James P. Todd 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
 JPT/jp 

