<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1653087_0000950170-23-005111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14554034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>551077</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5030122</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5225091</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1412259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2101928</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005111.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alector, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				822933343
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38792
		FILM NUMBER:		23685676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		131 OYSTER POINT BLVD., SUITE 600
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-231-5660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		131 OYSTER POINT BLVD., SUITE 600
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alector LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005111.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 alec-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

(The Nasdaq Global Select Market) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act(15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock, as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022 of 10.16 per share. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 21, 2023 was . 

Alector, Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 45 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 97 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 97 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 97 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 97 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 98 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 99 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 99 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 107 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 108 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 130 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 130 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 131 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 131 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 132 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 132 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 132 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 132 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 132 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 133 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 133 

Signatures 
 
 136 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, product candidates, planned preclinical studies and clinical trials, results of clinical trials, research and development costs, regulatory approvals, timing and likelihood of success, as well as plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that are in some cases beyond our control and may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, would, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our plans relating to the development and manufacturing of our product candidates and research programs, including additional indications that we may pursue; 

the ability of our clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our product candidates, and other positive results; 

the beneficial characteristics, safety, efficacy, and therapeutic effects of our product candidates; 

the expected potential benefits of strategic collaborations with third parties and our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

our estimates of the number of patients in the United States who suffer from the diseases we are targeting and the number of patients that will enroll in our clinical trials; 

the timing and focus of our future clinical trials, and the reporting of data from those trials; 

our plans relating to commercializing our product candidates, if approved, including the geographic areas of focus and sales strategy; 

the size of the market opportunity for our product candidates in each of the diseases we are targeting; 

our ability to expand our product candidates into additional indications and patient populations; 

the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 

the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals, including our expectation to seek special designations, such as orphan drug designation, for our product candidates for various diseases; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

existing regulations and regulatory developments in the United States and other jurisdictions; 

our continued reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, and for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

our plans and ability to obtain or protect intellectual property rights, including extensions of existing patent terms where available; 

the need to hire additional personnel and our ability to attract and retain such personnel, especially in light of a competitive hiring and compensation environment; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, and additional financing needs; 

our financial performance, including potential volatility in our stock price; 

the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, including recent and new variants, on our business; 

1 

the effects of inflation; and 

the sufficiency of our existing cash and cash equivalents to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements.	 

We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about our business, the industry in which we operate and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, and these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or development. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 2 

PART I 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to develop therapies that empower the immune system to cure neurodegeneration and other diseases. 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company pioneering immuno-neurology, a novel therapeutic approach for the treatment of neurodegeneration. Immuno-neurology targets immune dysfunction as a root cause of multiple pathologies that are drivers of degenerative brain disorders. We are developing therapies designed to counteract these pathologies simultaneously by restoring healthy immune function to the brain. Supporting our scientific approach, our research and drug discovery platform enables us to advance a broad portfolio of product candidates, validated by human genetics, which we believe will improve the probability of technical success over shorter development timelines. As a result, we have identified over 100 immune system targets. Three product candidates, latozinemab (also referred to as AL001), AL002, and AL101 are in clinical development, and we continue to develop our preclinical and research pipeline. We recently completed a prioritization review, focusing our development resources on our progranulin and TREM2 programs and extending our cash runway through 2025. We are advancing our clinical product candidates and research pipeline with our existing resources and in collaboration with our partners, Glaxo Wellcome UK Limited, a subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) and AbbVie Biotechnology, Ltd. (AbbVie). 
 On July 1, 2021, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with GSK (GSK Agreement) to collaborate on the global development and commercialization of progranulin-elevating monoclonal antibodies, including latozinemab and AL101. Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, we received 700 million in upfront payments, of which 500 million was received in the third quarter of 2021 and 200 million was received in the first quarter of 2022. Together with GSK we are pursuing therapeutic candidates for frontotemporal dementia (FTD), Alzheimer s disease (AD), Parkinson s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). 
 Latozinemab modulates progranulin (PGRN), a key regulator of immune activity in the brain with genetic links to multiple neurodegenerative disorders. Latozinemab is in development to treat FTD, a severe, rapidly progressing neurodegenerative disorder that affects 50,000 to 60,000 people in the United States and roughly 110,000 people in the European Union. 
 Latozinemab is currently being studied in a global pivotal Phase 3 trial, INFRONT-3, for the potential treatment of adults at risk for or with symptomatic FTD due to a progranulin gene mutation (FTD- GRN ). We are preparing to engage with regulatory authorities in mid-2023. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss statistical analysis plans based on emerging knowledge in the field that may enable us to complete the pivotal INFRONT-3 clinical trial with fewer patients and/or a shorter treatment duration. The company is targeting a data readout from the INFRONT-3 trial in early 2025, pending regulatory feedback. In prior clinical studies, latozinemab successfully demonstrated elevation of progranulin levels back to the normal range and encouraging early signals of biomarker and clinical activity. Latozinemab has been well tolerated in healthy volunteers and FTD patients in our Phase 1a, Phase 1b, and Phase 2 clinical trials. 
 In 2021, we presented data for latozinemab from our ongoing open-label Phase 2 clinical trial, INFRONT-2 in patients with FTD- GRN . INFRONT-2 was designed to establish the safety and tolerability of chronic administration of latozinemab at therapeutic doses, and to measure biomarkers of disease and clinical outcomes. Treatment with latozinemab was well tolerated and restored PGRN in both plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) to levels seen in healthy volunteer age-matched controls for the duration of treatment. Disease relevant lysosomal, inflammatory, and astrogliosis biomarkers trended toward normalization over twelve months of treatment compared to baseline and age-matched controls, and mean levels of plasma and CSF neurofilament light chain (NfL), remained stable over twelve months. Volumetric MRI suggested slowing of ventricular enlargement and brain atrophy in latozinemab-treated patients compared to a matched historic control cohort of participants from the Genetic FTD Initiative (GENFI2) patient registry. Clinical outcome assessments using the CDR plus NACC FTLD-SB scale found that latozinemab treatment slowed clinical progression by 48 compared to the GENFI2 matched control cohort. 
 In March 2022, we presented additional data from the INFRONT-2 trial of latozinemab in FTD patients with a C9orf72 genetic mutation (FTD- C9orf72 ), building on the results in patients with FTD- GRN . Clinical outcome assessments using the CDR plus NACC FTLD-SB scale found that treatment of FTD- C9orf72 patients with 
 3 

latozinemab resulted in a trend toward a delay of approximately 54 in annualized disease progression compared to a matched control cohort from the ALLFTD consortium. In addition, latozinemab treatment was well tolerated and resulted in a two- to three-fold increase in progranulin above physiological levels in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and plasma respectively, and a decrease in the neurodegeneration biomarker GFAP. We intend to provide additional data updates on the FTD- C9orf72 cohort in the second half of 2023. 
 In September 2021, we initiated a Phase 2 study of latozinemab in ALS patients with a C9orf72 mutation. However, in light of the evolving ALS landscape, we closed that study to additional enrollment. We and GSK are currently evaluating plans for development of latozinemab in ALS. 
 AL101, the second product candidate in our PGRN portfolio, is designed to elevate progranulin levels, similar to latozinemab, for use in the treatment of larger indications including Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease. Mutations that moderately reduce the expression levels of PGRN are associated with increased risk of developing Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease. In animal models, increased PGRN levels have been demonstrated to be protective for these diseases. In 2021, we presented interim data from our Phase 1 clinical trial testing the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and bioavailability of single doses of intravenously or subcutaneously administered AL101 in healthy volunteers. AL101 increased progranulin levels in the periphery and the brain persisting for one month. AL101 was found to be well tolerated at all doses administered. We completed enrollment of additional cohorts to test multiple doses of AL101 administered intravenously and subcutaneously. 
 In November 2022, we presented data from the multiple-dose cohorts of the Phase 1 study. We demonstrated that AL101 was well tolerated and increased PGRN levels in plasma and CSF in a dose-dependent manner. The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles of AL101 support future development in larger indications such as AD and PD. We and GSK plan to advance the AL101 program in 2023, with the initiation of an Asian pharmacokinetic (PK) bridging study followed by a global Phase 2 clinical trial in early AD. 
 Our AL002 product candidate targets Triggering Receptor Expressed on Myeloid cells 2 (TREM2) to increase the functionality of TREM2 signaling and enhance microglia cell activation. We are currently developing AL002 for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease in collaboration with AbbVie. 
 In our Phase 1 clinical trial, AL002 demonstrated tolerability, target engagement, and proof-of-mechanism in the central nervous systems of healthy volunteers. In January 2021, we initiated INVOKE-2, a randomized, controlled Phase 2 clinical trial of AL002, in which we initially aimed to enroll approximately 265 participants with early Alzheimer s disease. We now plan to add up to an additional 64 participants in the ongoing INVOKE-2 trial to replace discontinuations, including APOE e4/e4 participants, from the study, as mentioned below. In January 2023, the first patient was enrolled and dosed in a long-term extension (LTE) of our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial. In February 2023, we and AbbVie amended the AbbVie agreement, which will result in our receiving a 17.8 million milestone payment for the dosing of the first patient in an LTE study. 
 Amyloid Related Imaging Abnormalities (ARIA) have been observed in our ongoing INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial in AD. ARIA are MRI findings suggestive of vasogenic edema or hemosiderin deposits. The incidence of ARIA has been shown to increase in AD patients with the administration of certain Alzheimer's disease therapeutics, namely anti- -amyloid antibodies. In our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial, most ARIA cases were asymptomatic and non-serious. However, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred almost exclusively in patients with the APOE e4/e4 genotype, as previously reported. To mitigate risks associated with ARIA, we voluntarily discontinued dosing and enrollment of APOE e4/e4 participants in our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial. Following these changes, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred in patients who are non-homozygous for the APOE e4 allele. We continue to implement earlier MRI monitoring, consistent with recently published guidelines for ARIA monitoring and management. We are conducting this study under the guidance of an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC), which is allowed to review unblinded data and to make trial recommendations. 
 AL044 targets membrane-spanning 4-domains subfamily A MS4A ), a major risk locus for Alzheimer s disease. MS4A gene family members encode a transmembrane receptor protein that is expressed selectively on myeloid cells in the brain and associated with control of microglia functionality and potentially with microglia viability. In September 2022, we commenced our first-in-human Phase 1 trial of AL044, with the intention of developing that candidate in Alzheimer s disease and potential orphan indications. Based on initial PK and tolerability data, we decided to close the trial. We are actively pursuing a back-up MS4A program to develop an IND-ready candidate with a potentially improved dosing and tolerability profile. 
 4 

The neuroimmune system of the brain is part of the body s innate immune system, and based on our pioneering work in immuno-neurology, we have identified potential oncology applications for several of our therapeutic programs. We believe that products focused on innate immune biology may complement and expand the efficacy of current immuno-oncology drugs that target the adaptive immune system. 
 AL009, is one of our innate immuno-oncology product candidates. AL009 is a multi Siglec inhibitor that is designed to enhance both the innate and adaptive immune system response to tumors by blocking a critical glycan checkpoint pathway that drives immune suppression. We continue to conduct preclinical studies and technical activities on AL009. We own worldwide rights to AL009. 
 AL008 is another of our innate immuno-oncology product candidates. AL008 is an antibody designed to inhibit the CD47-SIRP-alpha (SIRP pathway, a potent immune checkpoint pathway co-opted by tumors to evade the immune system. AL008 binds SIRP-alpha and has a novel dual mechanism of action that inhibits immune suppression and promotes immune stimulation. We entered into a licensing agreement with Innovent Biologics (Innovent) in 2020, under which Innovent would develop and commercialize AL008 in China, while Alector would retain development and commercialization rights in the rest of the world. Innovent will not be continuing development of AL008, and we intend to re-acquire the rights we granted to Innovent for the development and commercialization of AL008. Innovent submitted an IND with the Chinese regulatory authorities, and Alector is in the process of obtaining relevant materials and information from Innovent. Alector plans to evaluate data and documentation from that IND application to potentially support an IND submission in the U.S. 
 As part of our efforts to advance our programs through clinical development and execute on the strategic approach outlined in the section titled Business Our Strategy, Alector from time to time may execute partnerships with other biopharmaceutical companies. To date we have executed three licensing, co-commercialization, or co-development agreements for certain programs in our pipeline. 
 The Immune System is Central to Neurodegeneration 
 The loss of healthy immune function in the brain, due to cellular aging or mutations of genes that regulate key immune cells, underlies the onset and progression of multiple neurodegenerative disorders. Genomic analyses have shown that there is a strong correlation between genetic mutations that predispose individuals to neurodegeneration and dysfunction in the immune system. As a result of these genetic mutations, the brain s immune function deteriorates and subsequently would fail to carry out critical activities, which include: 
 clearing or counteracting pathological neurodegenerative proteins such as amyloid-beta, tau, alpha-synuclein, and TDP-43; 

providing metabolic and functional support to nerve cells; 

regulating synaptic connections; 

protecting nerve cells by stimulating the regeneration of myelin sheaths around nerve fibers; and 

controlling the neurotoxic activities of activated astrocytes and rogue microglia. 

We believe that restoring the immune system s ability to perform all of these vital functions in the brain is crucial to addressing neurodegeneration given that past approaches focusing on single degenerative pathologies have had limited or no impact on disease progression. 
 The brain s immune system undergoes gradual deterioration of functional characteristics as part of normal biological aging or due to harmful genetic mutations that are linked to neurodegeneration and are associated with accelerated senescence of the brain immune cells. Based on our understanding of the role of genetic mutations in neurodegeneration, we have designed our product candidates to target the mutated genes linked to neurodegeneration, with the goal of slowing or reversing the deterioration of the brain s immune cells to achieve therapeutic benefit. By restoring healthy immune function in the brain, we believe we can simultaneously counteract the multiple independent pathologies responsible for neurodegeneration. 
 5 

Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to develop therapies that harness the immune system to combat neurodegenerative diseases. The key tenets of our business strategy to achieve this goal include: 
 Building a leading, fully-integrated company focused on delivering innovative immuno-therapies, validated by human genetics, for the treatment of neurodegeneration. We believe that building a fully integrated research, development, and ultimately commercial company will enable us to develop therapies more rapidly and efficiently for patients and realize the full potential of our immuno-neurology approach and discovery capabilities. 

Applying our proprietary capabilities to rapidly advance our product candidates through clinical proof-of-concept studies and beyond. We are focused on maximizing the probability of success of our product candidates by leveraging immunology, neurobiology, and human genetics, as well as our state-of-the-art bioinformatics, to enable better and earlier target selection. In addition, we are also focused on a biomarker-driven approach, including proprietary tools and assays, to confirm target engagement, inform patient selection, and follow clinical outcomes. 

Maximizing the therapeutic potential of our targets and product candidates. Given the central physiological roles played by the distinct targets of our product candidates, we believe that there is significant potential for us to address multiple indications with single targets. Our goal is to expand the therapeutic and commercial potential of our targets and product candidates to additional indications, such as immuno-oncology. However, we will remain disciplined about advancing this strategy, leveraging our discovery capabilities to inform expansion areas of maximum value and highest probability of success. 

Continuing to focus on discovering new targets and product candidates, validated by human genetics, to fulfill the full potential of our insights and platform. Our discovery capabilities are central to our efforts to rapidly identify new product candidates with compelling clinical promise. We will continue to invest in our research and discovery efforts, including evolving our proprietary analytical tools and assays, to further investigate several of our identified immune system targets as well as generate additional targets and product candidates. 

Our Approach 
 The Role of the Innate Immune System and Microglia in Neurodegeneration 
 Significant evidence in the last decade has shown that neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, FTD, and ALS, are linked to a dysfunctional brain immune system. In contrast to the dual adaptive and innate components that characterize the broader human immune system, the brain s immune system consists primarily of innate immune cells, known as microglia. These brain resident macrophages account for 10 to 15 of all cells found within the brain and are responsible for many aspects of brain health and maintenance. As the key innate immune cells in the brain, microglia respond to infection and damage, clear cell debris and pathological proteins, nurture neurons and the brain support cells, and control the number and functionality of inter-neuronal connections. Microglia have been our focus and new scientific advances have made it possible to understand how these key innate immune cells in the brain represent a crucial focal point for potentially treating or preventing neurodegenerative diseases. 
 6 

Figure 1. Our clinical stage neurodegenerative disease programs 
 
 Significant Scientific Data Support Our Hypothesis 
 Understanding how the brain s immune cells affect its structure and function, in both normal and diseased states, is in our view, the key to understanding many neurological diseases. Human genetic evidence has supported the importance of the interactions between the brain and the innate immune system. For example, most of the top risk genes for Alzheimer s disease, identified using genetic linkage studies, candidate gene analysis, genome-wide association studies (GWAS), and whole-genome or whole-exome sequencing, regulate immune function in the brain. Many of these risk genes have been shown to express predominantly in microglia and to control the function of these cells. 
 Microglia have been shown to be key cells in overall brain maintenance, health, and function and are the brain s first line of immune defense. These innate immune cells are tooled with microglial sensomes which enable them to constantly survey brain cells to identify and respond to subtle signs of pathology or dysfunction. Microglia scavenge the brain for toxic misfolded proteins, cell debris, damaged or unnecessary nerve cells, dysfunctional or aged synapses, and infectious agents. In addition, microglia support the generation of new neurons and synapses and remodel neuronal circuits. Microglia also control the survival and function of astrocytes and oligodendrocytes, the main brain support cells which control brain metabolism and blood supply and replenish aged or damaged nerve fibers after injury. Further, microglia have been shown to modulate the permeability of the blood brain barrier allowing access to peripheral immune cells, to assist against infection or injury. Microglia can also change their morphology, functionality, and number in response to changing brain environment. 
 Analysis of gene transcription at the single-cell level in microglia from normal and diseased brains revealed that multiple microglia subtypes exist which may respond to specific disease pathologies in the brain. Our product candidates are designed to recruit microglia subtypes by targeting microglia check-point proteins that control their survival, proliferation, migration, and function. This allows us to differentially modulate microglia activity as needed to counteract a given degenerative brain disorder. 
 7 

Findings in the fields of human genetics, immunology, and neuroscience have indicated that as a result of normal aging or genetic mutations, the beneficial functions of the microglia deteriorate leading to dysfunction of neuronal connections, massive death of neurons and neurodegeneration. 
 We believe our therapies that focus on harnessing the power of microglia may improve neurodegenerative disease outcomes either as standalone therapies or in combination with anti-amyloid beta targeted therapies. Anti-amyloid beta antibodies mark misfolded aggregates and recruit microglia to remove them. Our therapies, including those in our progranulin franchise, are expected to enhance microglia's ability to remove misfolded proteins in conjunction with anti-amyloid beta antibodies that tag these proteins. 
 
 Figure 2. Our checkpoint therapies anticipated to act independently and in combination 
 Our Research and Discovery Platform 
 Our research and drug discovery platform leverages human genetic datasets, advanced tools in bioinformatics and imaging, and insights in neurodegeneration and immunology to: (1) identify immune system targets that play a critical role in the development of multiple neurodegenerative diseases, and rapidly develop antibody therapeutics to these targets, (2) interrogate and prioritize those targets for activity using biomarkers and related proprietary assays and preclinical models, and (3) clinically test product candidates, including in genetically defined patient populations that may be most likely to respond to treatment. We believe that these platform capabilities provide us with the tools to solve the conceptual and technical challenges associated with development of drug candidates for neurodegeneration. 
 We rely on proprietary immuno-neurology bioinformatics algorithms and methodologies to analyze large genetic datasets from diseased and healthy individuals, brain-based gene expression profiling and proteomics, and human pathology. These proprietary capabilities allow us to rapidly identify tractable targets, pharmacodynamic biomarkers, and patient populations associated with aberrant immune function which lead to neurodegeneration. Specifically, the priorities of our platform efforts are: 
 Target Selection . Our target selection capabilities address a wide array of factors that we believe inform efficient, optimized therapeutic outcomes, including genetic and mechanistic rationale. We leverage our bioinformatics expertise to identify genetic mutations in the brain immune system that we believe increase the risk of disease onset and progression. We combine our bioinformatic approaches with in-house functional genomics to discover and validate genetic mutations and targets of interest. We utilize state of the art techniques such as CRISPR Activation and Inhibition, single cell transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, microscopic and biochemical readouts in relevant in vitro systems such as hiPSC microglia and in vivo systems such as mouse/rat models to elucidate the 

8 

immune dysfunction caused by these mutations. We then seek to engineer immune modulating antibody product candidates to functionally counteract the harmful consequence of these genetic mutations. We leverage in vitro and in vivo functional tools to validate the activity of our product candidates and their ability to cross the blood brain barrier enough to be therapeutically effective. 

Biomarker Selection . We are able to identify and employ molecular biomarkers, assays, and imaging techniques that are tailored to our product candidates to confirm target engagement and quantify their impact, allowing us to potentially interpret the clinical impact of our compounds earlier than would be expected using traditional clinical measures. 

Patient Selection . We utilize genetic screening and biomarkers in certain orphan disease programs to better align a patient s specific diagnosis with the targeted intervention in our clinical studies. 

Biologics Discovery. We pursue a comprehensive antibody discovery strategy using in vivo (multiple species, hybridoma and single B cell technology) and in vitro directed evolution (phage and yeast display) approaches. We leverage our advanced antibody engineering capabilities to design and optimize biotherapeutics. 

We employ gene expression profiling, proteomics, brain imaging, and data on disease pathology as well as our own preclinical and clinical data to continually refine our proprietary immuno-neurology algorithms and methodologies. Using our drug discovery platform capabilities to identify targets that are validated by human genetics, disease biomarkers, and responsive patient populations, we believe that we are positioned for greater probability of technical success on more efficient timelines relative to historical drug development in neurodegeneration. 
 Our Pipeline Programs 
 Figure 3. The following table highlights our clinical programs, preclinical and research programs, BBB technologies, and IP portfolio. 
 
 Our clinical programs include latozinemab, AL101, and AL002. In addition, we continue to pursue a number of preclinical and research programs in our pipeline for indications including Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, and oncology. 
 9 

Our Progranulin Program 
 Our first development program is focused on modulating levels of PGRN, a key regulator of microglia function in the brain with strong genetic links to FTD and other neurodegenerative disorders. Individuals carry two copies of the PGRN gene that function together to produce healthy levels of PGRN throughout the body. Mutations in both copies of the PGRN gene lead to a neurodegenerative disease called neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis, which is typified by childhood dementia, vision loss, epilepsy, and death. Mutations in a single copy of the PGRN gene result in a drop of between 50 and 70 in the level of PGRN and consequently lead to development of FTD with about 90 penetrance by 75 years of age. Moreover, large scale human genetic studies suggest that regulatory mutations in the gene for PGRN, which lead to a more modest decrease in the level of PGRN, increases the risk for Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease, making PGRN a significant risk gene for these disorders as well. 
 Healthy levels of PGRN are associated with many cellular processes that include normal microglial activities, neuronal survival, and lysosome function. PGRN deficiency disrupts microglia-neuronal homeostasis in the brain and promotes neurodegeneration through the release of cytotoxic cytokines and complement factors by dysfunctional microglia. Moreover, these microglia activate astrocytes, which in turn, damage neurons. Thus, lack of PGRN leads to disrupted health and function of both neurons and microglia and if not corrected, leads to rapid neurodegeneration. 
 
 Figure 4. PGRN deficiency disrupts homeostasis between microglia and neurons and promotes neurodegeneration during aging. 
 SORT1 Controls PGRN Levels in the Body 
 Human and mouse genetic studies have identified the neurotrophic factor PGRN degrading receptor Sortilin (SORT1) as a major negative regulator of PGRN levels in plasma and the brain. SORT1 is a sorting receptor on the cell surface and on the endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi apparatus within the cell. SORT1 binds to extracellular PGRN in the plasma and brain and transports it into cells for degradation by the lysosome resulting in decreasing levels of extracellular PGRN. SORT1 deficiency increases PGRN plasma and brain levels by two to three-fold in mouse models, while variants that modestly reduce expression of SORT1 increase the level of PGRN in humans. 
 Moreover, genetic loss of SORT1 in mice does not lead to the adverse effects associated with genetic loss of PGRN, and PGRN continues to function as expected in the absence of SORT1. These studies and others have indicated to us that blocking SORT1 with a pharmacological agent could be a safe and effective approach in increasing the level of functional PGRN in the brain. 
 We have developed two distinct product candidates that target SORT1, latozinemab and AL101, designed to increase PGRN levels in the brain of patients to counteract the damage sustained due to low PGRN levels in neurodegenerative disorders. Our first product candidate, latozinemab, is intended to treat orphan disorders, including genetic forms of FTD such as in patients that are missing a functional copy of the PGRN gene (FTD- GRN ). Our second PGRN product candidate, AL101, is intended to treat widely prevalent neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease, in addition to FTD. We have partnered with GSK to 
 10 

develop and commercialize our PGRN product candidates. For more information on our collaboration with GSK see the section titled Business Strategic Alliance with GSK. 
 Latozinemab and AL101 received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of FTD, as well as Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with FTD-GRN. Generally, if a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. This means that the FDA may not approve any other NDA or BLA application to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity, if FDA revokes the orphan drug designation, or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not assured the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Even though the FDA has approved orphan drug status for latozinemab and AL101 for treatment of FTD, the FDA can still approve other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating FTD. Furthermore, orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug product for a different indication before the expiration of the orphan exclusivity period. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of therapies which treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. Programs with Fast Track designation may benefit from early and frequent communications with the FDA, potential priority review, and additionally, a rolling submission of the marketing application. 
 Latozinemab for the Treatment of FTD 
 Our first product candidate, latozinemab, is a human recombinant monoclonal antibody that increases the levels of PGRN in the brains of FTD- GRN patients. Administered via intravenous peripheral infusion, latozinemab functions by blocking the SORT1 degradation mechanism for PGRN and increasing the circulating half-life of the functional PGRN in the brain. We are initially developing latozinemab for the treatment of symptomatic FTD due to a progranulin gene mutation. 
 Overview of FTD 
 FTD is a rapidly progressing and severe degenerative brain disease with no approved treatment. FTD is a form of dementia found most frequently in individuals less than 65 years old at time of diagnosis. Patients with FTD exhibit a range of personality-related symptoms, including compulsive behavior, lack of restraint, apathy, and anxiety as well as language and behavioral problems. The rate of disease progression in FTD is faster than in Alzheimer's disease. Average life expectancy in FTD patients is seven to 10 years after the start of symptoms. FTD symptoms have an insidious onset with clinical symptoms usually appearing between 45 to 65 years of age at an average age of 58. Hence, FTD is considered an early-onset dementia as compared to late-onset Alzheimer s disease, and is more common than Alzheimer s disease in early-onset dementia under the age of 60 years. 
 
 Figure 5. MRI of frontal and temporal atrophy in FTD. 
 Although FTD was poorly understood and thought to be rare, over the past decade the scientific community has gained a knowledge about the biology of FTD as well as an awareness of disease prevalence. FTD affects roughly 50,000 to 60,000 people in the United States and roughly 110,000 in the European Union. There are 
 11 

multiple heritable forms of FTD; to date, researchers have identified over 70 inherited loss of function mutations in PGRN that lead to FTD. FTD- GRN patients represent 5 to 10 of all people with FTD. 
 
 Figure 6. Mutations in a single copy of PGRN result in a 50 or greater decrease in the level of PGRN and result in a greater than 90 probability of developing FTD. (1) Rhinn H, Tatton N, McCaughey S, Kurnellas M, Rosenthal A. Progranulin as a therapeutic target in neurodegenerative diseases. Trends in Pharmacological Sciences. 2022 Aug; 43(8):641-652. DOI: 10.1016/j.tips.2021.11.015. PMID: 35039149. (2) Dement Geriatr Cogn Disord Extra 2016;6:330-340 
 In FTD- GRN patients, inhibition of SORT1 through latozinemab represents a potential mechanism to compensate for the over 50 reduction of PGRN. Latozinemab is intended to reduce the ability of SORT1 to bind to and degrade PGRN, leading to increases in the levels of PGRN by increasing its circulating half-life. We have tested our PGRN program antibodies in various animal models, healthy volunteers, and FTD- GRN patients and have achieved significantly elevated, long-lasting levels of PGRN in the brain after intravenous administration. 
 
 Figure 7. Mechanism of action for our PGRN programs. Latozinemab binds to SORT1 and prevents degradation of PGRN, increasing its circulating half-life significantly. A similar mechanism of action is also applicable for AL101. 
 12 

Our PGRN Product Candidates Development Plan and Clinical Trial Results to Date 
 Latozinemab is currently being studied in a global pivotal Phase 3 trial in both at-risk and symptomatic participants with FTD- GRN , named INFRONT-3. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial currently plans to enroll up to 180 FTD- GRN mutation carriers across approximately 50 clinical sites in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia. Symptomatic and at-risk participants will be randomized to receive latozinemab or placebo intravenously every four weeks. Participants will also be given the option to continue receiving treatment in an open-label extension (OLE) study. In June 2022, the first participant from the INFRONT-3 study was enrolled in the optional OLE designed to assess the long-term safety, tolerability, and efficacy of latozinemab in participants who have completed 96 weeks in the INFRONT-3 study, and enrollment in the OLE continues. The primary endpoint of our pivotal Phase 3 trial is to measure the effect of latozinemab on clinical decline by utilizing the CDR plus NACC FTLD-SB assessment, which evaluates clinical impairments in behavior, language, memory, judgment, and functional activities in trial participants. In addition, our Phase 3 trial will assess secondary clinical endpoints, multiple biomarkers and safety. We are preparing to engage with regulatory authorities in mid-2023. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss statistical analysis plans based on emerging knowledge in the field that may enable us to complete the pivotal INFRONT-3 clinical trial with fewer patients and/or a shorter treatment duration. The company is targeting a data readout from the INFRONT-3 trial in early 2025, pending regulatory feedback. 
 In 2021, we presented data for latozinemab from our ongoing open-label Phase 2 INFRONT-2 clinical trial. INFRONT-2 was designed to establish the safety and tolerability of chronic administration of latozinemab at therapeutic doses, and the study also measured biomarkers of disease and clinical outcomes. Results from up to twelve symptomatic FTD- GRN patients treated over twelve months in an open-label study showed that latozinemab was well tolerated. Treatment with latozinemab restored PGRN in both plasma and CSF to levels seen in healthy volunteer age-matched controls for the duration of treatment. 
 
 Figure 8. Latozinemab restores PGRN in plasma and CSF to levels seen in healthy volunteer age-matched controls 
 In addition to assessing PGRN levels in plasma and CSF, we evaluated disease-associated proteins, including lysosomal (e.g., CTSD, LAMP1), complement (C1QB), and astrogliosis (GFAP) biomarkers along with NfL. In our Phase 2 trial results presented in 2021, many of these disease-relevant biomarkers of lysosomal function, complement activation, astrogliosis, and neuronal health trended toward normalization or remained stable over twelve months of treatment compared to baseline and age-matched controls. 

13 

Figure 9. Latozinemab treatment normalizes lysosomal and complement biomarkers in CSF symptomatic FTD- GRN patients enrolled in our Phase 2 trial. (1) The control group included N = 44 age-matched procured control samples, (2) at Baseline N = 11 FTD-GRN participants, (3) at 6 months treatment with latozinemab N = 9 FTD-GRN participants, and (4) at 12 months treatment with latozinemab N = 10 FTD-GRN participants 

Figure 10. Latozinemab treatment decreases Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein (GFAP) levels towards normal levels in plasma and CSF of asymptomatic FTD- GRN participants enrolled in our Phase 2 trial, suggesting a reduction in astrogliosis. 

Figure 11. NfL levels in plasma and CSF are stable over 12 months in latozinemab-treated symptomatic FTD- GRN participants enrolled in our Phase 2 trial. 
 To provide context for the clinical outcomes observed in the open-label INFRONT-2 trial, a matched control cohort of ten FTD- GRN participants from the GENFI2 consortium was created using the propensity score matching technique. These ten GENFI2 patients were identified based on the CDR NACC FTLD SB at baseline and further 
 14 

refined by matching based on age, NfL levels, and clinical diagnosis at baseline, all done on a blinded basis without access to longitudinal results. 
 Using volumetric MRI, we found a greater than 10 reduction in the atrophy rates in favor of the latozinemab treated FTD- GRN patient population for the whole brain and frontotemporal cortex measures, and an approximately 50 reduction in the rate of ventricular enlargement, relative to the matched control GENFI2 cohort of FTD- GRN . 

Figure 12. vMRI data suggest slowing of ventricular enlargement and brain atrophy in latozinemab treated FTD- GRN patients enrolled in our Phase 2 trial. 
 In our Phase 2 trial, we also assessed clinical outcomes using the CDR plus NACC FTLD-SB scale. The CDR plus NACC FTLD-SB is the Clinical Dementia Rating Scale plus National Alzheimer s Coordinating Center frontotemporal lobar degeneration sum of boxes rating scale developed for patients with FTD. Latozinemab treatment was estimated to slow disease progression by 48 in 12 patients at twelve months. 

Figure 13. Treatment with latozinemab showed a slowing of clinical progression in FTD- GRN patients enrolled in our Phase 2 trial relative to matched GENFI2 controls. Random Coefficient Model with Repeated Measurements including baseline all available post-baseline measurements up to 12 months. 
 In prior clinical trials, latozinemab was well tolerated and demonstrated proof of mechanism. In our Phase 1a trial (n=50) in healthy volunteers, latozinemab was well tolerated. In our Phase 1b portion of the trial (n=14) in FTD- GRN patients, there was a statistically significant increase in PGRN levels relative to baseline when compared to pooled placebo in plasma and in CSF at the prespecified follow-up time point. In addition, results from these 
 15 

Phase 1 studies showed that latozinemab was generally well tolerated, with no drug-related serious adverse events or dose-limiting adverse events reported in the trial. 
 
 Figure 14. Latozinemab restores PGRN levels in symptomatic and asymptomatic FTD- GRN patients back to the normal range as seen in healthy volunteers. 
 Potential Additional Applications for Our PGRN Program 
 In order to treat any other neurodegenerative diseases and the broader FTD patient population with latozinemab, we will be required to conduct additional clinical studies to obtain the applicable approvals for that specific patient population. We enrolled an additional genetic subset of FTD patients (FTD- C9orf72 in our open-label Phase 2 clinical trial of latozinemab and may expand to additional indications in the future. 
 In March 2022, we presented additional data from the INFRONT-2 trial of latozinemab in FTD patients with a C9orf72 genetic mutation (FTD- C9orf72 ), building on the results in patients with FTD- GRN . Clinical outcome assessments using the CDR plus NACC FTLD-SB scale found that treatment of FTD- C9orf72 patients with latozinemab resulted in a trend toward a delay of approximately 54 in annualized disease progression compared to a matched control cohort from the ALLFTD consortium. 
 
 Figure 15. Treatment with latozinemab showed a slowing of clinical progression in FTD- C9orf72 patients enrolled in our Phase 2 trial relative to matched ALLFTD controls. ALLFTD - One post-baseline timepoint at approximately 12 months. 
 16 

Figure 16.Latozinemab treatment decreases GFAP levels towards normal levels in plasma and CSF of FTD- C9orf72 participants enrolled in our Phase 2 trial. 
 Both decreased progranulin levels and mutations in the chromosome 9 open reading frame 72 C9orf72 gene are associated with abnormal accumulation of the TAR DNA-binding protein 43 (TDP-43). Excess aggregation of TDP-43 in brain cells is thought to lead to neuronal cell death and is associated with multiple neurodegenerative diseases, including both FTD- C9orf72 and ALS. 
 In 2021 we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of latozinemab in people with ALS who carry a C9orf72 mutation. In preclinical studies using multiple models of acute and chronic neurodegeneration, increasing progranulin levels has been shown in the literature to reverse and be protective against TDP-43 pathology. In light of the evolving ALS landscape, we closed that study to additional enrollment. We and GSK are currently evaluating plans for development of latozinemab in ALS. 
 Overview of ALS 
 ALS is a devastating, fatal, progressive neurodegenerative disorder. In ALS, the motor neurons in the brain and spinal cord die, resulting in weakness, muscle atrophy, paralysis and frequently, cognitive impairment, before resulting in death from respiratory failure. Each year, more than 5,000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with ALS and an estimated 31,000 patients in the U.S. are living with the disease. Mutations within multiple genes, including the C9orf72 gene, are believed to cause the disease. Such mutations can lead to an accumulation of TDP-43 in the cells resulting in neuronal death and an estimated 95 of ALS cases are linked to TDP-43 pathology. Approximately 40-50 of all familial ALS and up to 10 of sporadic ALS cases are attributed to the C9orf72 mutation. Currently approved medications for ALS confer only a modest survival benefit and new treatment options are urgently needed. 
 AL101 for the Treatment of Alzheimer s Disease and Parkinson s Disease 
 We are developing a second product candidate in our PGRN programs, AL101, a human recombinant monoclonal antibody that also targets SORT1 and is designed to elevate progranulin levels similar to latozinemab. We are developing AL101 to target large chronic neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease. 
 Polymorphic mutations that moderately reduce the expression levels of PGRN have been shown to increase the risk of developing Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease, and increased PGRN levels have been demonstrated to be protective for these diseases in animal models. 
 In 2022, we presented interim data from our Phase 1 clinical trial testing the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and bioavailability of single doses of intravenously or subcutaneously administered AL101 in healthy volunteers. AL101 increased progranulin levels in the periphery and the brain persisting for one month. AL101 was found to be well tolerated at all doses administered. We completed enrollment of additional cohorts to test multiple doses of AL101 administered intravenously and subcutaneously. AL101 was well tolerated and increased PGRN levels in plasma and CSF in a dose-dependent manner. In the two multiple dose 
 17 

(MD) cohorts, 27 healthy volunteers received either AL101 30 mg/kg IV every four weeks (q4w) for a total of four doses [n=11] or AL101 300 mg subcutaneously (SC) every two weeks (q2w) for a total of seven doses [n=13]. Three volunteers received MD IV placebo. AL101 was found to be generally well tolerated following MD IV (q4w) and SC (q2w) administrations. Consistent with previously presented data following single doses, AL101 was measurable in the CSF following multiple IV and SC doses. MD administration of AL101 increased plasma and CSF PGRN levels, with a higher elevation observed in the AL101 30 mg/kg MD IV group than in the AL101 300 mg MD SC group. Multiple IV doses of AL101 at 30 mg/kg increased and maintained the levels of PGRN at approximately 160 to 200 (2.6- to 3-fold) above baseline in plasma and approximately 80 (1.8-fold) above baseline in the CSF. The PK and PD profile of AL101 following single and multiple IV doses support future development in chronic neurodegenerative conditions such as AD and PD. 
 
 Figure 17. AL101 treatment increased PGRN levels in healthy volunteers enrolled in our Phase 1 trial. 
 Overview of Alzheimer s Disease 
 Alzheimer s disease is a chronic neurodegenerative disease that usually starts slowly in people over 65 years of age and worsens over time. It is the most common cause of dementia, accounting for 60 to 70 of all cases. The most common early symptom of Alzheimer s disease is difficulty in remembering recent events. As the disease advances, symptoms can include problems with language, disorientation, mood swings, loss of motivation, failure to manage self-care, and behavioral issues. As a person s condition declines, they often withdraw from family and society. Gradually, bodily functions are lost, leading to death. Although the speed of progression can vary, the typical life expectancy following diagnosis is eight to ten years. 
 While estimates of the prevalence of Alzheimer s disease vary, the Alzheimer s Association estimates that in 2022, there were more than 6.5 million Americans ages 65 and older suffering from Alzheimer s disease and that number is projected to nearly triple by 2060. Alzheimer s disease is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States and the fifth-leading cause of death for those ages 65 and older. 
 In addition to its debilitating effect on patients cognition and day-to-day functioning, Alzheimer s disease places a significant burden on the healthcare system. According to the Alzheimer s Association, the aggregate cost of care in 2022 for patients with Alzheimer s disease and other types of dementia in the United States was estimated to be 321 billion, nearly two-thirds of which is borne by the Medicare system. Total payments for health care, long-term care, and hospice care for people with Alzheimer s and other dementias in the United States are projected to increase to more than 1.1 trillion in 2050. 
 Overview of Parkinson s Disease 
 Parkinson s disease is a long-term degenerative disorder of the central nervous system that mainly affects the motor system. Early in the disease, the most obvious symptoms are shaking, rigidity, slowness of movement, and difficulty with walking. Cognitive and behavioral problems may also occur. Dementia becomes common in the advanced stages of the disease. Depression and anxiety are also common, occurring in more than a third of people with Parkinson s disease. Other symptoms include sensory, sleep, and emotional problems. Parkinson s disease 
 18 

typically occurs in people over the age of 60. The average life expectancy following diagnosis is between three to 10 years after the onset of symptoms. 
 There is no disease modifying treatment for Parkinson s disease, and the options for patients are limited to treatments that improve symptoms. Initial treatment is typically with the anti-Parkinson s drug medication levodopa, with dopamine agonists being used once levodopa becomes less effective. As the disease progresses and neurons continue to be lost, these medications become less effective while at the same time they produce a complication marked by involuntary writhing movements. 
 According to the Parkinson s Foundation, more than 10 million people worldwide are living with Parkinson s disease. Approximately 90,000 Americans are diagnosed with Parkinson s disease each year and an estimated 1.2 million Americans will be living with Parkinson s disease by the year 2030. According to the Parkinson s Foundation, the combined direct and indirect cost of Parkinson s, including treatment, social security payments and lost income, is estimated to be nearly 52 billion per year in the United States alone and is estimated to cost approximately 80 billion annually in the United States by 2037. 
 Our TREM2 Program 
 TREM2 is a transmembrane receptor protein that is expressed on a subset of innate immune cells and selectively on microglia in the brain. TREM2 on microglia cells is thought to promote improved cell migration to the site of injury, improved cell survival, increased phagocytosis, and increased cell proliferation. Rare individuals with homozygous TREM2 mutations, or mutations on both chromosomal copies, may develop neurodegeneration by the age of 40 with an average lifespan of 10 years following diagnosis. A gene variant in one of the two copies of TREM2 is found to increase the risk of Alzheimer s disease by three-fold. Not only do mutations in a single copy of TREM2 increase the risk of Alzheimer s disease significantly, but Alzheimer s disease patients with TREM2 mutations exhibit an earlier onset of symptoms by three years and an increased rate of brain volume loss compared to individuals without such mutations. Evidence also suggests that a gain of function mutation leading to increased expression of TREM2 confers a protective phenotype against Alzheimer s disease. 
 The discovery of strong genetic linkage of TREM2 to Alzheimer s disease in 2013 was one of the first examples in which large scale genomic analyses were used to identify a rare gene variation and link it to an increase in the risk of late-onset Alzheimer s disease. 
 TREM2 binds to membrane lipids and lipoproteins such as Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) which are normally found in the brain. Polymorphisms in the gene for ApoE are also known to significantly increase the risk of development of Alzheimer s disease and are the single highest risk factor for Alzheimer s disease. 
 AL002 for the Treatment of Alzheimer s Disease 
 Our product candidate, AL002, is a humanized, TREM2 activating, monoclonal antibody that is intended to be delivered by intravenous, peripheral infusion. AL002 is a microglia cell regulator that modulates the TREM2 receptor and is being developed for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease in collaboration with AbbVie. For more information on our collaboration with AbbVie see the section titled Business Strategic Alliance with AbbVie. 
 19 

Figure 18. Mechanism of action of our TREM2 activating product candidate AL002. 
 There are currently no cures for Alzheimer s disease. Two therapies directed at the underlying pathology of the disease have been approved by the FDA with evidence of reduction of amyloid beta plaques and potential clinical benefit. Other classes of approved therapies are for symptomatic treatment including, acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and glutamatergic modulators. These drugs are designed to help preserve neuronal communication, but only provide temporary benefit and do not slow or halt neuronal death. In addition, antidepressants and antipsychotics are often prescribed off-label to treat the symptoms of severe Alzheimer s disease in patients suffering from agitation, aggressive behaviors, psychosis, and depression. 
 Recent drug candidates under development for Alzheimer s disease include those focused on blocking synthesis, enhancing clearance or disaggregating misfolded amyloid-beta or tau proteins in the brain, reversing chronic inflammation, and repairing vascular dysfunction, metabolic dysregulation, as well as neurotoxicity. Almost all of these candidates were designed to target just one of the multiple Alzheimer s disease pathologies, and most of these drug candidates have so far failed to demonstrate significant benefit. 
 Although amyloid-beta plaques and tau protein in the brain represent physical pathologies of the disease and are believed to cause a loss of neuronal connectivity in the brain and neuronal death, recent scientific data paints a more complex picture. We believe more efficacious therapies will likely require addressing multiple pathologies including those associated with microglial failure. 
 Our TREM2 Clinical Program 
 In January 2021, we initiated our Phase 2 trial in Alzheimer s disease patients in early stages of the disease. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging, multi-center Phase 2 trial was intended to enroll approximately 265 participants with early AD at up to 90 sites globally, and we now plan to add up to an additional 64 participants in the ongoing INVOKE-2 trial to replace discontinuations, including APOE e4/e4 participants, from the study. The primary endpoint of our Phase 2 trial will measure disease progression utilizing the Clinical Dementia Rating Sum of Boxes (CDR-SB). The trial will also measure multiple fluid and imaging biomarkers, and assess several secondary clinical, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints, as well as safety to generate data enabling pivotal Phase 3 studies. In January 2023, the first participant from the INVOKE-2 study was enrolled and dosed in an LTE of our Phase 2 clinical trial. We plan to complete INVOKE-2 trial enrollment in the third quarter of 2023, with top-line data expected by the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 20 

ARIA have been observed in our ongoing INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial in AD. ARIA are MRI findings suggestive of vasogenic edema or hemosiderin deposits. The incidence of ARIA has been shown to increase in AD patients with the administration of certain Alzheimer's disease therapeutics, namely anti- -amyloid antibodies. In our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial, most ARIA cases were asymptomatic and non-serious. However, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred almost exclusively in patients with the APOE e4/e4 genotype, as previously reported. To mitigate risks associated with ARIA, we voluntarily discontinued dosing and enrollment of APOE e4/e4 participants in our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial. Following these changes, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred in patients who are non-homozygous for the APOE e4 allele. We continue to implement earlier MRI monitoring, consistent with recently published guidelines for ARIA monitoring and management. We are conducting this study under the guidance of an IDMC, which is allowed to review unblinded data and to make trial recommendations. 
 In 2019, we completed the Phase 1a portion (n=56) of a clinical trial in healthy volunteers with AL002. AL002 was well tolerated in the single ascending dose part of our Phase 1 trial. In addition, a dose dependent and statistically significant change in both soluble TREM2 (sTREM2) and downstream biomarkers for microglia functionality in CSF were observed upon treatment, indicating both target engagement and proof-of-mechanism in healthy volunteers. Based on the tolerability observed in our Phase 1a healthy volunteer trial, as well as encouraging biomarker data, we initiated the Phase 1b portion of the trial with AL002 in people with Alzheimer s disease. However, based on the data collected to date in preclinical studies as well as in healthy volunteers, and in alignment with our partner AbbVie, we closed enrollment in the Phase 1b trial, which was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and shifted to initiating our Phase 2 trial. In our Phase 1 clinical trial, AL002 demonstrated tolerability, target engagement, and proof-of-mechanism in the central nervous systems of healthy volunteers and Alzheimer's disease patients. 

Figure 19. In healthy volunteers, a dose dependent decrease in sTREM2 and an increase in CSF-1R, a biomarker of microglial activation was observed in our AL002 Phase 1 clinical trial. CSF samples were taken from the five highest dose cohorts. The data shown are derived from analysis of CSF samples from 34 healthy volunteers denotes p 
 Our TREM2 Preclinical Data 
 AL002 binds to TREM2 on the surface of microglia and is designed to optimize microglial activity through the phosphorylation of Spleen Associated Tyrosine Kinase (Syk). With prominent academic collaborators, we demonstrated that AL002s, an antibody that is functionally similar to AL002 but cross-reacts to the mouse TREM2, can normalize gene expression signature associated with Alzheimer s disease and reduce pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer s disease. Furthermore, AL002c, a form of AL002 with a murine Fc region, was shown to induce microglial proliferation, and amyloid plaque compaction and decrease dystrophic neurites associated with damaged neurons in a severe amyloid mouse model that expresses either the normal or genetic risk variant of the human TREM2. 
 21 

Figure 20. AL002s statistically significantly improves cognitive deficit in a mouse model of Alzheimer s disease. indicates p 
 Our MS4A Program 
 MS4A is among the most prominent genetic risk loci for late-onset Alzheimer s disease. Risk variants of the MS4A locus are associated with an increase in the prevalence of Alzheimer s disease and a decrease in the age of onset. MS4A gene family members encode a transmembrane receptor protein that is expressed selectively in microglia in the brain and is associated with control of microglia functionality and potentially with microglia viability. Our AL044 product candidate was designed to counteract the risk variants of the MS4A gene family and to functionally convert the risk variants of the MS4A gene family to the protective variant. In September 2022, we commenced our first-in-human Phase 1 trial of AL044, with the intention of developing that candidate in Alzheimer s disease and potential orphan indications. Based on initial PK and tolerability data, we decided to close the trial. We are actively pursuing a back-up MS4A program to develop an IND-ready candidate with a potentially improved dosing and tolerability profile. 
 Alector's Emerging Innate Immuno-oncology Pipeline 
 Immuno-oncology 
 We are also expanding our discovery platform to other indications, such as the field of immuno-oncology. We believe that products focused on innate immune biology will complement and expand the efficacy of current immuno-oncology drugs that target the adaptive immune system. Microglia display similar gene expression and function to the cells of the peripheral, or non-brain, innate immune system. These peripheral innate immune cells such as macrophages, monocytes, NK cells, and others, likely play a significant role in multiple chronic diseases including cancer, inflammation, and autoimmune disorders. We are leveraging our expertise in the innate immune system to develop additional innate immune checkpoint focused programs, including programs targeting the SIRP protein family and the Siglec protein family, for peripheral disorders, particularly cancer. 
 22 

Figure 21. Neurodegeneration and cancer converge at the innate immune system. We believe substantial functional overlap exists between tumor associated macrophages and microglia. 
 AL009, Our Multi Siglec Program 
 AL009, is one of our innate immuno-oncology product candidates. AL009 is a multi Siglec inhibitor that is designed to enhance both the innate and adaptive immune system response to tumors by blocking a critical glycan checkpoint pathway that drives immune suppression. AL009 is a targeted sialic acid trap that is designed to interrupt Siglec inhibitory signals preferentially on innate immune cells in order to confer therapeutic benefit in oncology indications. We continue to conduct preclinical studies and technical activities on AL009. We own worldwide rights to AL009. 
 AL008, Our SIRP-alpha Program 
 AL008 is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits SIRP-alpha. AL008's dual mechanism of action non-competitively antagonizes the CD47-SIRP-alpha pathway by inducing the internalization and degradation of the inhibitory receptor on macrophages to relieve immune suppression (shut down don't eat me signal while also engaging Fc gamma receptors to promote immuno-stimulatory pathways that drive anti-tumor immunity. By targeting the SIRP-alpha receptor, which is primarily expressed on myeloid cells, we believe AL008 may be able to avoid the antigen sink and on-target clinical adverse effects observed with certain CD47-targeting agents. Furthermore, AL008 is designed to bind selectively to SIRP-alpha without cross-reacting to other SIRP family members, such as SIRP-gamma. This specificity allows AL008 to antagonize the inhibitory CD47-SIRP-alpha pathway while preserving the T cell-activating CD47-SIRP-gamma pathway. We entered into a licensing agreement with Innovent in 2020, under which Innovent would develop and commercialize AL008 in China, while Alector would retain development and commercialization rights in the rest of the world. Innovent will not be continuing development of AL008, and we intend to re-acquire the rights we granted to Innovent for the development and commercialization of AL008. Innovent submitted an IND with the Chinese regulatory authorities, and Alector is in the process of obtaining relevant materials and information from Innovent. Alector plans to evaluate data and documentation from that IND application to potentially support an IND submission in the U.S. 
 Combination Therapies 
 Our therapies are also likely to act in conjunction with each other or with other experimental drugs that are designed to remove pathological proteins. Therapies such as antibodies against amyloid-beta, tau filaments or misfolded alpha-synuclein protein are designed to tag the pathological proteins and recruit microglia to dispose of the drug/pathological protein complex. Aging microglia are less likely to perform this function effectively, and our immuno-neurology therapies could ameliorate this deficiency. We intend to explore various combination strategies in preclinical models and will, in the future, consider moving this strategy into the clinic based upon results from preclinical models. 
 23 

Strategic Alliance with GSK 
 Overview 
 In July 2021, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with GSK, pursuant to which we and GSK will collaborate on the global development and commercialization of progranulin-elevating monoclonal antibodies, including latozinemab and AL101. The GSK Agreement became effective on August 17, 2021. 
 Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, we received 700 million in upfront payments, of which 500 million was received in August 2021 and 200 million was received in January 2022. In addition, we may be eligible to receive up to an additional 1.5 billion in clinical development, regulatory, and commercial launch-related milestone payments. In the United States, the parties will equally share profits and losses from commercialization of latozinemab and AL101. Outside of the United States, we will be eligible for double-digit tiered royalties. 
 The parties will jointly develop latozinemab and AL101, with GSK conducting Phase 3 clinical trials for Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease and other non-orphan indications. Development costs will be shared 60 by GSK and 40 by us, except that we will solely bear the development costs of the initial Phase 2 clinical trials under the development plan, and the parties will share manufacturing development costs equally. 
 In the United States, the parties will be jointly responsible for commercialization of latozinemab and AL101, with us leading the commercialization for orphan indications and GSK leading the commercialization for Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease and other non-orphan indications. Outside of the United States, GSK will be solely responsible for commercialization of latozinemab and AL101 for all indications. We may opt out of the sharing of development costs and of profit and losses from commercialization in the United States on a product-by-product basis. In such case, we will no longer conduct development or commercialization of that product and the Company will receive tiered royalties on net sales in the United States instead of a share of profits or losses. GSK may terminate the agreement with 180 days' notice at any time, but the Company does not need to repay any portion of the payments received. 
 Governance. The collaboration is governed by a joint steering committee (JSC). The JSC may establish additional subcommittees to oversee particular projects or activities. Subject to limitations specified in the GSK Agreement, if the applicable governance committee is unable to make a decision by consensus and the parties are unable to resolve the issue through escalation to specified senior executive officers of the parties, then the issue is escalated to an alternative dispute resolution subject to final decision-making rights retained by each party. 
 Exclusivity. During the term of the GSK Agreement, each of Alector and GSK are subject to exclusivity requirements prohibiting certain activities outside of the GSK Agreement directed to targets under the GSK Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property. Ownership of intellectual property created in connection with the GSK Agreement is generally determined on the basis of inventorship. Generally, we have the first right to control prosecution and maintenance of licensed patents, including patents developed solely by us or jointly by the parties, in the United States, and GSK has the first right to control prosecution and maintenance of such patents outside the United States. GSK has the first right to prosecute infringement of such patents by certain third-party products. The parties shall mutually agree on which party shall control the defense against claims that a product developed under either of the programs that are the subject of the GSK Agreement infringes third-party intellectual property rights, with the party against whom such claims have been filed having the first right to defend in the absence of such mutual agreement. 
 Term and Termination. At any point during the term of the GSK Agreement, after a specified notice period, GSK can terminate the GSK Agreement in its entirety for convenience. Additionally, GSK or we can terminate the GSK Agreement in connection with a material breach of the GSK Agreement by the other party that remains uncured for a specified period of time. 
 Strategic Alliance with AbbVie 
 Overview 
 In October 2017, we entered into the Co-Development and Option Agreement with AbbVie. The primary goal of our global strategic collaboration with AbbVie is to co-develop and commercialize therapeutics to treat Alzheimer s and other neurodegenerative diseases. 
 24 

Under the AbbVie Agreement, we granted AbbVie an exclusive option to global development and commercialization for our TREM2 and SIGLEC 3 programs. The terms of the AbbVie Agreement included initial upfront payments of 205.0 million and 20.0 million from the sale of shares of our stock. We are responsible for the design and execution of Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies, taking advantage of our significant in-house expertise in running clinical trials in Alzheimer s disease. In June 2022, AbbVie provided notice of termination with respect to the SIGLEC 3 program. In February 2023, we and AbbVie amended the AbbVie agreement, which will result in our receiving a 17.8 million milestone payment for the dosing of the first patient in a long-term extension study. If AbbVie exercises its option for the TREM2 program, we will receive 250.0 million. Additionally, under the terms of the AbbVie Agreement, we will be eligible to earn up to an additional 225 million in milestone payments related to the regulatory approval for up to three indications. Following AbbVie s option exercise for the TREM2 program, we may opt out of sharing in development costs and profits or and instead receive a tiered royalty on sales of products. Following AbbVie's exercise of an option for the TREM2 program, AbbVie would be responsible for certain development activities and global commercialization, taking advantage of its global clinical trial expertise and commercialization networks. Through this partnership, we aim to leverage the strengths of both organizations efficiently to best achieve the desired outcome. 
 Exercise of options. AbbVie may exercise its option for the TREM2 program at any time until the expiration of the option term. The option term ends following a fixed period after AbbVie s receipt of the data package after completion of Phase 2 clinical trials that includes certain information relating to the TREM2 program s research and development activities. If AbbVie fails to exercise its option during the option term for a product candidate, we will retain all rights to the TREM2 program. If AbbVie exercises its option for the TREM2 program, then AbbVie will lead development and commercialization activities worldwide. Once AbbVie opts in with respect to a given product candidate, AbbVie must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the corresponding product globally. 
 Governance. The collaboration is governed by a joint steering committee (JSC). The JSC may establish additional subcommittees to oversee particular projects or activities. Subject to limitations specified in the AbbVie Agreement, if the applicable governance committee is unable to make a decision by consensus and the parties are unable to resolve the issue through escalation to specified senior executive officers of the parties, then the issue is escalated to an alternative dispute resolution subject to final decision-making rights retained by each party. 
 Exclusivity. During the term of the AbbVie Agreement, we and AbbVie are subject to exclusivity requirements prohibiting certain activities outside of the AbbVie Agreement directed to targets under the AbbVie Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property. Ownership of intellectual property created in connection with the AbbVie Agreement is generally determined on the basis of inventorship. Generally, each party has the first right to prosecute and maintain its own patents. We generally have the first right to prosecute and maintain joint patents prior to AbbVie s exercise of its option for the program relating to such patent, and AbbVie has the right following its exercise of such option. AbbVie has the first right to prosecute any infringement of jointly held patents developed under the AbbVie Agreement and our patents that are licensed under the AbbVie Agreement. Additionally, AbbVie has the sole right to prosecute its own patents. AbbVie has the first right to defend against claims that a product developed under the TREM2 program that are the subject of the AbbVie Agreement infringe third-party intellectual property rights. 
 Term and Termination. At any point during the term of the AbbVie Agreement, including during the research, development, and clinical trial process, AbbVie can terminate the AbbVie Agreement in its entirety, or with respect to TREM2 program under the AbbVie Agreement, for convenience. In that event, all rights related to the TREM2 program revert to us. Additionally, AbbVie or we can terminate the AbbVie Agreement in connection with a material breach of the AbbVie Agreement by the other party that remains uncured for a specified period of time. 
 Adimab Collaboration Agreements 
 Overview 2014 Adimab Collaboration Agreement (2014 Adimab Agreement) 
 In 2014, we entered into the 2014 Adimab Collaboration Agreement (the 2014 Adimab Agreement). Under the 2014 Adimab Agreement, we are required to fund, and we and Adimab LLC (Adimab) are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct, certain research to discover and optimize antibodies directed against 
 25 

targets selected by us. We are developing antibodies discovered by Adimab in our latozinemab and AL101 product candidates, and we are developing an antibody optimized by Adimab in our AL002 product candidate. 
 Governance. Our collaboration with Adimab is governed by a research committee consisting of at least two representatives from each party. The research committee prioritizes among research programs and prepares and finalizes new proposed research plans, among other activities. If the research committee is unable to make a decision by consensus and the parties are unable to resolve the issue through escalation to specified senior executive officers of the parties, then either party may seek arbitration of the matter. 
 Exclusivity. Pursuant to the 2014 Adimab Agreement, each party is subject to limitations on its ability to use information or material provided by the other outside the scope of the collaboration. 
 Intellectual Property. Ownership of intellectual property arising from the research is generally owned by the party that invents or creates the applicable intellectual property, although certain categories of intellectual property are specifically assigned to one party or the other. For example, patent rights relating to improvements to Adimab s background platform technology that are invented in the course of the research are assigned to Adimab. Prior to our exercise of the option described below, we and Adimab each grant the other a non-exclusive license to the relevant intellectual property we own to allow each party to carry out its rights and obligations in connection with the research; and except for Adimab s retained rights to continue using and licensing its own libraries, each party agrees not to practice or license the patents arising out of the research that it owns for any purpose other than to carry out its rights and obligations in connection with the research. Generally, each party has the obligation to prosecute, maintain, defend, and enforce its own patents, but we are subject to certain contractual restrictions on our ability to prosecute, practice, and license certain of our patents that arose out of the research. These restrictions are lifted once we exercise the option described below as to such patents. 
 Exercise of Options. The 2014 Adimab Agreement granted us an exclusive option to obtain certain rights relating to a specified number of antibodies discovered or optimized by Adimab directed against the targets we selected. The option extended to ownership of patent rights specifically covering the sequences of such antibodies, and the right to obtain worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable licenses under certain technology owned or developed by Adimab to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import and export such antibodies and products based on such antibodies for all human therapeutic, prophylactic and diagnostic uses. These licenses are exclusive, except as to Adimab background and platform technology and Adimab s retained rights to continue using and licensing its own libraries, as to which the licenses are non-exclusive. We have confirmed with Adimab in writing that key patents we have filed relating to the programs partnered with AbbVie claim inventions owned solely by us, and do not include any such background or platform technology of Adimab. All of our options under the 2014 Adimab Agreement have either expired, are in the process of being exercised, or, with respect to multiple targets and hundreds of antibodies (including the target programs partnered with AbbVie), have already been exercised. Upon our exercise of the option with respect to a target, we are subject to an obligation to devote commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize products using the optioned rights to such target. The assigned and licensed patent rights we obtained from these option exercises are described in more detail above under the section titled Business Intellectual Property. 
 Financial terms. We fund Adimab s research in connection with our collaboration, in accordance with the terms and limitations described in the 2014 Adimab Agreement. We also have potential milestone payments per program for use of antibodies and low- to mid-single digit royalty payments for commercial sales of products incorporating such antibodies. However, if we enter into any transaction granting rights to the inventions or sell products created as a result of a collaboration with a third party, we have a choice to pay a share of the resulting revenue instead of royalties from such sales. 
 Term and Termination. We are able to terminate the 2014 Adimab Agreement, in its entirety or with respect to a products or antibodies directed to particular targets, on three months prior written notice to Adimab. In addition, either party can terminate the 2014 Adimab Agreement in its entirety, or, subject to certain limitations, with respect to specific optioned rights, for material breaches that remain uncured after 90 days notice to the breaching party. In the case of a termination before expiration of the 2014 Adimab Agreement, we would have certain continuing payment obligations to Adimab, or would be required to adhere to certain restrictions as to the fruits of the collaboration. The 2014 Adimab Agreement expires on the twelfth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the products created under the collaboration, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis. The licenses we and Adimab granted to each other do not survive, subject to certain limitations. 
 26 

Overview 2019 Adimab Collaboration Agreement (2019 Adimab Agreement) 
 In 2019, we entered into another Adimab collaboration agreement (the 2019 Adimab Agreement). Under the 2019 Adimab Agreement, we are required to fund, and we and Adimab are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct, certain research to discover and optimize antibodies directed against targets selected by us. We have not yet identified any research programs under the 2019 Adimab Agreement. 
 
 Governance. Our collaboration with Adimab is governed by a research committee consisting of at least two representatives from each party. The research committee facilitates communication regarding research under the 2019 Adimab Agreement and has the limited authority to amend a research plan in a manner not substantially affecting the resources required from a party. If the research committee is unable to make a decision by consensus, no decision will be taken. 
 Exclusivity. Pursuant to the 2019 Adimab Agreement, each party is subject to limitations on its ability to use information or material provided by the other outside the scope of the collaboration. 
 Intellectual Property. Ownership of intellectual property arising from the research is generally owned by the party that invents or creates the applicable intellectual property, although certain categories of intellectual property are specifically assigned to one party or the other. Certain intellectual property relating to Adimab s background platform technology including any improvements thereto that are invented in the course of the research are assigned to Adimab. Patents covering antibodies that are the subject of the collaboration are owned by us; however, prior to our exercise of the option described below, we are prohibited from practicing such patents for any purpose other than to perform our research obligations under the 2019 Adimab Agreement. Upon the expiration of the option term described below, in the event we elect not to exercise our option right with respect to an antibody, ownership of such patents is transferred to Adimab. Prior to our exercise of the option described below, we and Adimab each grant the other a non-exclusive license to the relevant intellectual property we own to allow each party to carry out its rights and obligations in connection with the research. Generally, each party has the obligation to prosecute, maintain, defend, and enforce its own patents, but we are subject to certain contractual restrictions on our ability to prosecute, practice, and license certain of our patents that arose out of the research. These restrictions are lifted once we exercise the option described below as to such patents. 
 Exercise of Options. The 2019 Adimab Agreement granted us an exclusive option to obtain certain rights relating to a specified number of antibodies discovered or optimized by Adimab directed against the targets we selected. The option extends to ownership of the applicable optioned antibody, and the right to obtain worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable non-exclusive licenses under certain technology owned or developed by Adimab to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import and export such antibodies and products based on such antibodies for all human therapeutic, prophylactic and diagnostic uses. Upon our exercise of the option with respect to a target, we are subject to an obligation to devote commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize products using the optioned rights to such target. 
 Financial terms. We fund Adimab s research in connection with our collaboration, in accordance with the terms and limitations described in the 2019 Adimab Agreement. We are also responsible for certain development fees and, in the event we exercise the option right, we are obligated to pay an option fee. We also have potential milestone payments per product for use of antibodies, subject to certain limitations on total payments owed on any given target, and low-single digit royalty payments for commercial sales of products incorporating such antibodies. 
 Term and Termination. We are able to terminate the 2019 Adimab Agreement, in its entirety or with respect to a products or antibodies directed to particular targets, on 60 days prior written notice to Adimab. In addition, either party can terminate the 2019 Adimab Agreement in its entirety for material breaches that remain uncured after 90 days notice to the breaching party. In the case of a termination before expiration of the 2019 Adimab Agreement, we would be prohibited from using the fruits of the collaboration. The 2019 Adimab Agreement expires, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, on the later of the twelfth anniversary of the first commercial sale of such product in such country and expiration of the last patent covering such product in such country, or, in the event no product is optioned under the 2019 Adimab Agreement, upon the last to expire option period. Upon expiration, the licenses Adimab granted to us with respect to products for which we have exercised our option will continue on a non-exclusive, royalty-free basis. 
 27 

Overview 2021 Adimab Collaboration Agreement (2021 Adimab Agreement) 
 In 2021, we entered into another Adimab collaboration agreement (the 2021 Adimab Agreement). Under the 2021 Adimab Agreement, we were required to fund antibody engineering research programs with respect to targets selected by us. The 2021 Adimab Agreement also granted us an exclusive option to obtain a specified number of engineered sequences discovered or optimized by Adimab and directed against the targets that we selected. We selected one target, which was the subject of a research program conducted by the parties. We did not exercise our option to obtain any engineered sequences in connection with that research program, and we did not nominate any additional targets for additional research programs. The 2021 Adimab Agreement expired at the end of the option period for the research program that was conducted. 
 Manufacturing 
 We must manufacture our product candidates for clinical trial use in compliance with cGMP regulations. The cGMP regulations include requirements relating to organization of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and drug product containers and closures, production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory controls, records and reports, and returned or salvaged products. The manufacturing facilities for our product candidates must meet cGMP requirements and FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority s satisfaction before any product is approved for human clinical trial use. Our third-party manufacturers will also be subject to periodic inspections of their respective facilities for general cGMP compliance by the FDA and other foreign authorities. These inspections may include review of procedures and operations used in the testing and manufacture of our products to assess compliance with applicable regulations. 
 We do not currently have the infrastructure or internal capability to manufacture our product candidates for use in clinical trials and commercialization. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party cGMP manufacturers or our collaboration partners for the production of our products for human clinical trials in compliance with FDA and other foreign authority regulations for such products. We rely on CDMOs to manufacture and supply our preclinical and clinical materials to be used during the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates. As part of our broad manufacturing strategy to expedite the manufacturing of our product candidates and minimize manufacturing risk, we currently have established relationships with several CDMOs for the manufacturing of our drug substance or product candidates. 
 We do not have long-term supply agreements and we purchase our required drug product through development manufacturing services agreement. We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers or our collaboration partners for the commercial supply of any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We have personnel with significant technical, manufacturing, analytical, quality, regulatory, including cGMP, and project management experience to oversee our third-party manufacturers and to manage manufacturing and quality data and information for regulatory compliance purposes. 
 Failure to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements subjects a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, including warning letters, the seizure or recall of products, injunctions, consent decrees placing significant restrictions on or suspending manufacturing operations and civil and criminal penalties. Contract manufacturers often encounter difficulties involving production yields, quality control and quality assurance, as well as shortages of qualified personnel. Any of these actions or events could have a material impact on the availability of our products. 
 Commercialization Plan 
 We do not currently have any approved drugs and we do not expect to have any approved drugs in the near term. Therefore, we have no sales, marketing or commercial product distribution capabilities and have no experience as a company in marketing drugs. When, and if any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization, we intend to develop a commercialization infrastructure for those products in the United States, Europe, Asia, and potentially in certain other key markets. We may also rely on partnerships, such as our AbbVie and GSK collaborations, to provide commercialization infrastructure, including sales and marketing and commercial distribution. 
 28 

Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our strategy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, pursuing and obtaining patent protection in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and product candidates that are important to the development and implementation of our business. Our patent portfolio is intended to cover our product candidates and related components, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, our proprietary reagents and assays and any other inventions that are commercially important to our business. We also rely on trademarks as well as trade secret protection of our confidential information and know-how relating to our proprietary technology, platforms and product candidates. We believe that we have substantial know-how and trade secrets relating to our technology and product candidates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio contains over 50 families, which include 42 issued patents and over 500 pending patent applications that are directed to over 20 different targets and/or technologies and that are solely owned or we have rights to exclusive licenses by us. For our product candidates, we generally pursue multilayered patent protection covering the composition of matter based on binding epitopes of the product candidates on the target protein, functional characteristics of the product candidates, degenerative sequence of the product candidates, and/or specific sequence of the product candidates. In addition to composition of matter coverage, we also generally pursue claims directed to methods of making, nucleic acids, formulations, and methods of use of the product candidates. The method of use claims further include claims directed to patient selection criteria, biomarkers, disease subgroups, pharmacodynamic and clinical end-points, and dosage regimes. As further described below, we intend to strengthen the patent protection of our product candidates and technologies through additional patent application filings. 
 PGRN Programs 
 We own six patent families directed to our PGRN programs, latozinemab and AL101, which include seven issued U.S. patents, covering the compositions and uses of our PGRN program product candidates. The first two patent families are expected to expire in 2036, the third patent family is expected to expire in 2039, the fourth patent family is expected to expire in 2040, the fifth patent family is expected to expire in 2041, and the sixth patent family is expected to expire in 2042, in all cases excluding any patent term adjustments and any patent term extensions. 
 TREM2 Program 
 We own seven patent families directed to the TREM2 program, which include two issued U.S. patents, covering the compositions and uses of our TREM2 program product candidates. The first patent family is expected to expire in 2035, the second patent family is expected to expire in 2036, the third patent family is expected to expire in 2038, the fourth patent family is expected to expire in 2040, the fifth and sixth patent families are expected to expire in 2041, and the seventh patent family, assuming that the necessary non-provisional patent applications are timely filed and all other applicable requirements are satisfied for the U.S. provisional patent application, is expected to expire in 2043, in all cases excluding any patent term adjustments and any patent term extensions. 
 MS4A Program 
 We own two patent families directed to the MS4A program covering the compositions and uses of our potential MS4A program product candidates. The first patent family is expected to expire in 2039 and the second patent family is expected to expire in 2040. 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are granted. In most countries, including the United States, the patent term is generally 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a patent s term may, in certain cases, be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in examining and granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (Hatch-Waxman Act) permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration date of a U.S. patent as partial compensation for the length of time the drug is under regulatory review while the patent is in force. A patent 
 29 

term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent applicable to each regulatory review period may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it, may be extended. 
 Similar provisions are available in the European Union and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our product candidates receive approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on issued patents covering those products, depending upon the length of the clinical trials for each drug and other factors. Expiration dates referred to above are without regard to potential patent term extension or other market exclusivity that may be available to us. 
 We also rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets to protect our technology. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including in the neurodegenerative disease field, are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, strong competition and an emphasis on intellectual property. We face substantial competition from many different sources, including large and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Some of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are currently pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the neurodegenerative disease indications for which we have research programs, including FTD, Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, and ALS, include large companies with significant financial resources, such as Biogen, Eli Lilly, Merck and Roche Holding AG. Some of these companies are pursuing product candidates for the same or similar indications to ours and in some cases acting on the same targets or through comparable mechanisms of action. We believe that the key competitive factors affecting the success of any of our product candidates will include efficacy, safety profile, method of administration, cost, time to market, level of promotional activity and intellectual property protection. 
 We anticipate our product candidates will compete with therapies approved for treating the symptoms of neurodegenerative diseases and therapies approved or currently in clinical studies intended to halt or slow the progression of neurodegenerative disease that are being developed by a number of companies and institutions. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug and biological products. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 U.S. Drug Development 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and biologics under the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act (PHSA). Both drugs and biologics also are subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or post-market may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement and civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 30 

Any future product candidates must be approved by the FDA through either a biologics license application (BLA) or new drug application (NDA) process before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: 
 Completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with GLP; 

Submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application (IND), which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

Approval by an independent Institutional Review Board (IRB), or ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice (GCP), requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 

Submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA; 

A determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to accept the filing for review; 

Satisfactory completion of a FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug or biologic will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP, requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug or biologic s identity, strength, quality, and purity; 

Potential FDA audit of the preclinical study and/or clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or BLA; 

FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug or biologic in the United States; and 

Compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. 

The data required to support an NDA or BLA are generated in two distinct developmental stages: preclinical and clinical. The preclinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for any future product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. 
 The preclinical developmental stage generally involves laboratory evaluations of drug chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate toxicity in animals, which support subsequent clinical testing. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans, and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. 
 Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 
 31 

Regulatory requirements for approval of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases are evolving. For example, two new agents, aducanumab and lecanemab, recently received accelerated approval from the FDA based on a surrogate endpoint, the reduction of amyloid beta plaque in the brain. Under the FDA s accelerated approval pathway, a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit to patients may serve as the basis for an accelerated approval, subject to subsequent confirmatory studies. By contrast, the FDA declined to grant accelerated approval for another product, donanemab, in AD, based on an insufficient number of patients with at least 12 months of drug exposure. FDA also recently granted accelerated approval for sodium phenylbutyrate/taurursodiol for treatment of ALS, based on efficacy data from a single 24-week Phase 2 study. The FDA advisory committee that voted in favor of approval was presented with survival data for the drug in that Phase 2 study as well as biomarker data from the drug in a separate Phase 2 AD study. In addition, a recent publication of disease progression models for genetically inherited forms of FTD, including FTD-GRN, may help inform the design of clinical trials for such forms of FTD based on more accurate estimations of sample size and the potential use of biomarkers as surrogate endpoints to reduce sample size. We are evaluating the applicability of these developments to our clinical programs, and based on that evaluation, we may engage with regulatory authorities to discuss the approval paths for our product candidates. 
 Clinical Trials 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative, and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of an NDA or BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the trial was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 Clinical trials in the United States generally are conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3, and may overlap. 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, tolerability and safety of the drug. 

Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. 

Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 

32 

Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug or biologic, findings from animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human volunteers and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug or biologic has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the trial. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug or biologic as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that our product candidates do not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 As a result of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA has issued various COVID-19 related guidance documents applicable to biopharmaceutical manufacturers and clinical trial sponsors. For example, in March 2020, the FDA issued a guidance, which the FDA subsequently updated, on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic, which describes a number of considerations for sponsors of clinical trials impacted by the pandemic, including the requirement to include in the clinical trial report contingency measures implemented to manage the clinical trial, any disruption of the clinical trial as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and impact of implemented contingency measures (e.g., participant discontinuation from investigational product and/or study, alternative procedures used to collect critical safety and/or efficacy data) on the safety and efficacy results reported for the clinical trial, among others. In 2020 and 2021, the FDA has published a number of industry guidance documents, including updates to previous guidance, related to Good Manufacturing Practices, remote interactive evaluations of drug manufacturing and bioresearch monitoring facilities, and drug product manufacturing and supply chain inspections, among others. These and future guidance documents and regulatory requirements, including future legislation, may require us to develop and implement new policies and procedures, make significant adjustments to our clinical trials, or increase the amount time and resources needed for regulatory compliance, which may impact our clinical development plans and timelines. The extent to which the COVID-19 public health emergency impacts our business, including non-clinical studies and clinical trials, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. 
 NDA/BLA Review Process 
 Following completion of the clinical trials, data is analyzed to assess whether the investigational product is safe and effective for the proposed indicated use or uses. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are then submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA, along with proposed labeling, chemistry and manufacturing information to ensure product quality and other relevant data. In short, the NDA or BLA is a request for approval to market the drug or biologic for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of safety and efficacy for a drug or safety, purity, and potency for a biologic. The application may include both negative and ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in 
 33 

quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of FDA. FDA approval of an NDA or BLA must be obtained before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States. 
 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), as amended, each NDA or BLA must be accompanied by a user fee. FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. According to the FDA s 2023 fee schedule for prescription drug user fees, which became effective on October 1, 2022, and will remain in effect through September 30, 2023, the user fee for an application requiring clinical data, such as an NDA or BLA, is approximately 3.2 million. PDUFA also imposes an annual program fee for each marketed human drug or biologic 369,413 in 2022) and an annual establishment fee on facilities used to manufacture prescription drugs and biologics. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs or BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 The FDA reviews all submitted NDAs and BLAs before it accepts them for filing, and may request additional information rather than accepting the NDA or BLA for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA or BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA or BLA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has 10 months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of a new molecular-entity NDA or original BLA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of a new molecular-entity NDA or original BLA designated for priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs or BLAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions on approval. The FDA likely will reanalyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. After the FDA evaluates an NDA or BLA, it will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data, additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. 
 Orphan Drugs 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. 
 Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the 
 34 

FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. This means that the FDA may not approve any other NDA or BLA application to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity, if FDA revokes the orphan drug designation, or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not assured the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Even though the FDA has approved orphan drug status for latozinemab and AL101 for treatment of FTD, the FDA can still approve other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating FTD. Furthermore, orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug product for a different indication before the expiration of the orphan exclusivity period. Orphan drug exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval before we do for the same product, as defined by the FDA, for the same indication we are seeking approval, or if a product candidate is determined to be contained within the scope of the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If one of our products designated as an orphan drug receives marketing approval for an indication for which it has not been granted orphan drug designation, it will not have orphan drug exclusivity in that non-orphan indication. Orphan drug status in the European Union has similar, but not identical, requirements and benefits. 
 In litigation in 2021, a court disagreed with the FDA s longstanding position that orphan drug exclusivity only applies to the approved use or indication within an eligible disease, and not to all uses or indications within the entire designated disease or condition. This appellate court decision created uncertainty in the application of orphan drug exclusivity. In January 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the applicable court ruling. The FDA intends to continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within the same orphan designated disease or condition that has not yet been approved. It is unclear how future litigation, legislation, agency decisions, and administrative actions will impact the scope of orphan drug exclusivity. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs and biologics that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biologics are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation applies to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor can request the FDA to designate the product for fast track status any time before receiving NDA or BLA approval, but ideally no later than the pre-NDA or pre-BLA meeting. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a fast track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Any product is eligible for priority review if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness compared to available therapies. 
 A product may also be eligible for accelerated approval, if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality (IMM), which is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biologic receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. If the FDA concludes that a drug or biologic shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use is restricted, it may require such post-marketing restrictions as it deems necessary to assure safe use of the product. 
 Additionally, a drug or biologic may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the product is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. The benefits of breakthrough 
 35 

therapy designation include the same benefits as fast track designation, plus intensive guidance from the FDA to ensure an efficient drug development program. Fast track designation, priority review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Abbreviated Licensure Pathway of Biological Products as Biosimilar or Interchangeable 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ACA, signed into law in 2010, includes the BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be highly similar to an FDA-licensed reference biological product. The BPCIA attempts to minimize duplicative testing, and thereby lower development costs and increase patient access to affordable treatments. An application for licensure of a biosimilar product must include information demonstrating biosimilarity based upon the following, unless the FDA determines otherwise: 
 analytical studies demonstrating that the proposed biosimilar product is highly similar to the approved product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components; 

animal studies (including the assessment of toxicity); and 

a clinical trial or trials (including the assessment of immunogenicity and pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic) sufficient to demonstrate safety, purity, and potency in one or more conditions for which the reference product is licensed and intended to be used. 

In addition, an application must include information demonstrating that: 

o the proposed biosimilar product and reference product utilize the same mechanism of action for the condition(s) of use prescribed, recommended or suggested in the proposed labeling, but only to the extent the mechanism(s) of action are known for the reference product; 

o the condition or conditions of use prescribed, recommended or suggested in the labeling for the proposed biosimilar product have been previously approved for the reference product; 

o the route of administration, the dosage form and the strength of the proposed biosimilar product are the same as those for the reference product; and 

o the facility in which the biological product is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure that the biological product continues to be safe, pure, and potent. 

Biosimilarity means that the biological product is highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components; and that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of the safety, purity, and potency of the product. In addition, the law provides for a designation of interchangeability between the reference and biosimilar products, whereby the biosimilar may be substituted for the reference product without the intervention of the healthcare provider who prescribed the reference product. The higher standard of interchangeability must be demonstrated by information sufficient to show that: 
 the proposed product is biosimilar to the reference product; 

the proposed product is expected to produce the same clinical result as the reference product in any given patient; and 

for a product that is administered more than once to an individual, the risk to the patient in terms of safety or diminished efficacy of alternating or switching between the biosimilar and the reference product is no greater than the risk of using the reference product without such alternation or switch. 

FDA approval is required before a biosimilar may be marketed in the United States. However, complexities associated with the large and intricate structures of biological products and the process by which such products are manufactured pose significant hurdles to the FDA s implementation of the law that are still being worked out by the FDA. For example, the FDA has discretion over the kind and amount of scientific evidence laboratory, preclinical and/or clinical required to demonstrate biosimilarity to a licensed biological product. 
 The FDA intends to consider the totality of the evidence provided by a sponsor to support a demonstration of biosimilarity and recommends that sponsors use a stepwise approach in the development of their biosimilar 
 36 

products. Biosimilar product applications thus may not be required to duplicate the entirety of preclinical and clinical testing used to establish the underlying safety and effectiveness of the reference product. However, the FDA may refuse to approve a biosimilar application if there is insufficient information to show that the active ingredients are the same or to demonstrate that any impurities or differences in active ingredients do not affect the safety, purity, or potency of the biosimilar product. In addition, as with BLAs, biosimilar product applications will not be approved unless the product is manufactured in facilities designed to assure and preserve the biological product s safety, purity, and potency. 
 The submission of a biosimilar application does not guarantee that the FDA will accept the application for filing and review, as the FDA may refuse to accept applications that it finds are insufficiently complete. The FDA will treat a biosimilar application or supplement as incomplete if, among other reasons, any applicable user fees assessed under the Biosimilar User Fee Act of 2012 have not been paid. In addition, the FDA may accept an application for filing but deny approval on the basis that the sponsor has not demonstrated biosimilarity, in which case the sponsor may choose to conduct further analytical, preclinical or clinical studies and submit a BLA for licensure as a new biological product. 
 The timing of final FDA approval of a biosimilar for commercial distribution depends on a variety of factors, including whether the manufacturer of the branded product is entitled to one or more statutory exclusivity periods, during which time the FDA is prohibited from approving any products that are biosimilar to the branded product. The FDA cannot approve a biosimilar application for 12 years from the date of first licensure of the reference product. Additionally, a biosimilar product sponsor may not submit an application for four years from the date of first licensure of the reference product. A reference product may also be entitled to exclusivity under other statutory provisions. For example, a reference product designated for a rare disease or condition (an orphan drug) may be entitled to seven years of exclusivity, in which case no product that is biosimilar to the reference product may be approved until either the end of the twelve-year period provided under the biosimilarity statute or the end of the seven-year orphan drug exclusivity period, whichever occurs later. In certain circumstances, a regulatory exclusivity period can extend beyond the life of a patent, and thus block biosimilarity applications from being approved on or after the patent expiration date. In addition, the FDA may under certain circumstances extend the exclusivity period for the reference product by an additional six months if the FDA requests, and the manufacturer undertakes, studies on the effect of its product in children, a so-called pediatric extension. 
 The first biological product determined to be interchangeable with a branded product for any condition of use is also entitled to a period of exclusivity, during which time the FDA may not determine that another product is interchangeable with the reference product for any condition of use. This exclusivity period extends until the earlier of: one year after the first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable product; 18 months after resolution of a patent infringement against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product, based on a final court decision regarding all of the patents in the litigation or dismissal of the litigation with or without prejudice; 42 months after approval of the first interchangeable product, if a patent infringement suit against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product is still ongoing; or 18 months after approval of the first interchangeable product if the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product has not been sued. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Following approval of a new product, the manufacturer and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and record-keeping requirements, requirements to report adverse experiences and comply with promotion and advertising requirements, which include restrictions on promoting drugs for unapproved uses or patient populations, known as off-label use , and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug or biologic, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA/BLA or NDA/BLA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for REMS, to assure the safe use of the product. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of 
 37 

these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market, or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters, or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 

applications, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs and biologics may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. 
 Other U.S. Regulatory Matters 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local governments. 
 For example, in the United States, sales, marketing and scientific and educational programs also must comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws. These laws include the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce or reward referrals, including the purchase, recommendation, order or prescription of a particular drug, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Violations of this law are punishable by up to five years in prison, criminal fines, administrative civil money penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Moreover, the ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. 
 
 Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 The distribution of biologic and pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 38 

The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. 
 Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: changes to our manufacturing arrangements; additions or modifications to product labeling; the recall or discontinuation of our products; or additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 U.S. Patent-Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of any future product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent-term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA. 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of a NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA), or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for a NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength or for 
 39 

a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity, or potency. Therefore, one must determine whether a new product includes a modification to the structure of a previously licensed product that results in a change in safety, purity, or potency to assess whether the licensure of the new product is a first licensure that triggers its own period of exclusivity. Whether a subsequent application, if approved, warrants exclusivity as the first licensure of a biological product is determined on a case-by-case basis with data submitted by the sponsor. 
 European Union Drug Development 
 Similar to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory controls. Although the EU Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC has sought to harmonize the EU clinical trials regulatory framework, setting out common rules for the control and authorization of clinical trials in the EU, the EU Member States have transposed and applied the provisions of the Directive differently. This has led to significant variations in the member state regimes. Under the current regime, before a clinical trial can be initiated it must be approved in each of the EU countries where the trial is to be conducted by two distinct bodies: the National Competent Authority (NCA), and one or more Ethics Committees (ECs). Under the current regime all suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions to the investigated drug that occur during the clinical trial have to be reported to the NCA and ECs of the Member State where they occurred. 
 The Clinical Trials Regulation EU No 536/2014, which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive and entered into application on January 31, 2022, is intended to simplify the current rules for clinical trial authorization and is aimed at harmonizing and streamlining clinical-trial authorization, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency. 
 European Union Drug Review and Approval 
 In the European Economic Area (EEA), which is comprised of the 27 Member States of the European Union (including Norway and excluding Croatia), Iceland and Liechtenstein, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization (MA). There are two types of marketing authorizations. 
 The Community MA is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP), of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicines such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. 

National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in another Member States through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State (RMS). The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics (SPC), and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Member States Concerned) for their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SPC, labeling or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Member States Concerned). 

40 

Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Sales of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance, and managed healthcare organizations. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug or biological products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 
 The United States government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement, and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal health care programs. Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. 
 The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1 of average manufacturer price (AMP), to 23.1 of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible for Medicaid drug benefits. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have proposed to expand Medicaid rebate liability to the territories of the United States as well. 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) established the Medicare Part D program to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan likely will be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 
 For a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. 
 41 

There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices, including U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, under the Trump administration, HHS and CMS issued various rules that were expected to impact, among others, price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers, manufacturer price reporting requirements under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including regulations that affect manufacturer-sponsored patient assistance programs subject to pharmacy benefit manager accumulator programs and Best Price reporting related to certain value-based purchasing arrangements. Multiple lawsuits have been brought against the HHS challenging various aspects of these new rules. The Biden administration and HHS have delayed the implementation or published rules rescinding some of these Trump-era policies. 
 Under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, effective January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than they receive on the sale of approved products, which could have a material impact on our business. Further, Congress is considering legislation that, if passed, could have significant impact on prices of prescription drugs covered by Medicare, including limitations on drug price increases and allowing Medicare to negotiate pricing for certain covered drugs. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. 
 Further, many states have proposed or enacted legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as by requiring biopharmaceutical manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information or to place a maximum price ceiling on pharmaceutical products purchased by state agencies. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products candidates. Such initiatives and legislation may affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the demand for any such product candidate, if approved. 
 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. An increasing emphasis on cost containment measures in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 In addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 42 

Scientific Advisory Board 
 We have assembled a highly qualified scientific advisory board comprised of advisors who have, collectively, deep expertise in neurodegenerative diseases, genomics, protein engineering, drug development, and drug discovery as well as translational medicine. Our scientists work in collaboration with these advisors to identify new disease targets, develop a biomarker strategy, and accelerate discovery and development. 

Name 
 Affiliated Entity 

Adam Boxer, M.D., Ph.D. 
 Department of Neurology at University of California, San Francisco 

Aaron Gitler, Ph.D. 
 Department of Genetics at Stanford University 

Stephen Hauser, M.D. 
 Department of Neurology at University of California, San Francisco 

Michael Heneka, M.D. 
 Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine at University of Luxembourg 

Martin Kampmann, Ph.D. 
 Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of California, San Francisco Weill Institute for Neurosciences 

Lewis Lanier, Ph.D. 
 Department of Microbiology and Immunology at University of California, San Francisco 

Liqun Luo, Ph.D. 
 National Academy of Sciences and Department of Biology at Stanford University 

Richard Scheller, Ph.D. 
 National Academy of Sciences and National Institute of Medicine 

Thomas Christian S dhof, M.D., Ph.D. 
 Departments of Molecular and Cellular Physiology and Neurosurgery at Stanford University 

Robert Vassar, Ph.D. 
 Department of Neurology at Northwestern University 

Berislav Zlokovic, M.D., Ph.D. 
 Department of Physiology and Neuroscience at University of Southern California 

Employees and Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 273 full-time employees, over 78 of whom were engaged in research and development activities. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors, and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. Over the last several years, the employment market in the United States has been subject to a competitive hiring and compensation environment, which in turn, has led to certain employee attrition. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants, we focused our health and safety efforts on protecting our employees and their families. We implemented changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees and the communities in which we operate, and which are aligned with guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and in compliance with applicable state and local regulations. This includes having some of our employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were initially formed as a limited liability company in Delaware in May 2013 under the name Alector LLC and completed our restructuring to a Delaware corporation in October 2017 under the name Alector, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 131 Oyster Point Boulevard, Suite 600, South San Francisco, California 94080. Our telephone number is 415-231-5660. Our website address is www.alector.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other filings we make with the SEC. 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). 
 43 

These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make this information available on or through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 We use Alector, the Alector logo, and other marks as trademarks in the United States and other countries. This report contains references to our trademarks and service marks and to those belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this report, including logos, artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other entities trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other entity. 
 Channels for Disclosure of Information 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://investors.alector.com), SEC filings, webcasts, press releases, corporate decks provided on our website, and conference calls. We use these mediums, including our website, to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our products, and other issues. It is possible that the information that we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage our investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our website. 
 
 44 

Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in our other public filings, in evaluating our business. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company, as more fully described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky include, among others: 
 We are in the clinical stages of drug development and have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 

We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. 

Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. 

We will need to obtain substantial additional financing to complete the development and any commercialization of our product candidates, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate our commercialization efforts, product development, or other operations. 

Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. Moreover, we may expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product candidate or fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Research and development of biopharmaceutical products is inherently risky, and our business is heavily dependent on the successful development of our product candidates, which are in preclinical and clinical development, so we cannot give any assurance that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory, including marketing, approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates from our research and drug discovery platform or to develop commercially successful products. If we fail to successfully identify and develop additional product candidates from our research and drug discovery platform, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to carry out our obligations under our collaborations for our product development and research programs; for instance, without limitation, failure to complete in a timely manner or at all our contractual obligations to GSK and AbbVie. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to expand indications for approved product candidates. 

We have concentrated a substantial portion of our research and development efforts on the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, a field that has seen both limited success in drug development and evolving standards for regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates are based on new approaches and novel technology, and we must identify and develop new biomarkers that are signs of a disease or condition and that can measure the impact of our product candidates on disease progression, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. 

45 

We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct or complete our clinical trials on the timelines we expect, if at all. 

Our clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events, toxicities, or other side effects and may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay, or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 

We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating, and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our operations and financial results could continue to be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the effects of subsequent variants, in the United States and the rest of the world, including potential supply chain issues and concerns. 

The market price of our common stock may continue to experience volatility or decline, which could result in substantial losses for investors and could negatively impact our ability to conduct additional fundraising in the public markets. 

Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Condition, and Capital Requirements 
 We are in various stages of drug development and have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, focused primarily on developing therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases, including FTD, Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, and ALS, as well as oncology therapeutics that focus on innate immune biology. We commenced operations in May 2013. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and upfront payments received in connection with our collaboration arrangements with AbbVie and GSK. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We are in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials for one product candidate, latozinemab, are in Phase 2 clinical trial for one product candidate, AL002, and we have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial for AL101. We decided to close the Phase 1 clinical trial for our AL044 product candidate based on initial PK and tolerability data. In addition, AbbVie decided to terminate the CD33 collaboration program, after AbbVie and Alector collaboratively reviewed next steps for AL003, the asset being developed under that program, and concluded that further development of AL003 was not warranted. To date, we have not completed a pivotal clinical trial, obtained marketing approval for any product candidates, manufactured a commercial scale product, or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our limited operating history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. 
 We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by clinical-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. 
 We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We have incurred net losses in almost every reporting period since our inception. We incurred net losses of 133.3 million, 36.3 million, and 190.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 579.7 million. 
 We have invested significant financial resources in research and development activities, including for our preclinical and clinical product candidates. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales for several years, if at all. The revenue we currently generate from our collaboration arrangements with AbbVie and GSK is variable and limited in amount. For our collaborations with AbbVie and GSK, we recognize collaboration revenue by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance of obligation measured as the program costs are incurred. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the level of our future expenditures and revenue. Moreover, our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. 
 46 

On July 1, 2021, we entered into an agreement with GSK to collaborate on the global development and commercialization of progranulin-elevating monoclonal antibodies, including latozinemab and AL101. Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, we received 700 million in upfront payments, of which 500 million was received in August 2021 and 200 million was received in January 2022. In addition, we will be eligible to receive up to an additional 1.5 billion in clinical development, regulatory, and commercial launch-related milestone payments for latozinemab and AL101. 
 Developing our product candidates is expensive, and we expect to continue to spend substantial amounts as we fund our early-stage research projects and continue to advance our programs through preclinical and clinical development. Even if we are successful in developing our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approvals and launching and commercializing any product candidate will require substantial additional funding. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasingly higher operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 continue our research and discovery activities; 

advance our research and drug discovery platform, including our target, patient, and biomarker selections; 

progress our current and any future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development; 

initiate and conduct additional preclinical, clinical, or other studies for our product candidates; 

work with our contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) to scale up the manufacturing processes for our product candidates or, in the future, establish and operate a manufacturing facility; 

change or add contract manufacturers or suppliers; 

seek regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; 

establish sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we obtain approval; 

make milestone, royalty, or other payments due under any license or collaboration agreements; 

take steps to seek protection of our intellectual property and defend our intellectual property against challenges from third parties; 

obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property portfolio, including intellectual property obtained through license and collaboration agreements; 

attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel, especially in light of a competitive hiring and compensation environment; 

provide additional internal infrastructure to support our continued research and development operations and any planned commercialization efforts in the future; 

implement additional internal systems and infrastructure related to cybersecurity; 

meet the requirements and demands of being a public company; 

withstand periods of rising rates of inflation; and 

defend against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products. 

Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. In any particular quarter or quarters, our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale. To obtain revenues from the sales of our product candidates that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability, we must succeed, either alone or with third 
 47 

parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, and marketing therapies with significant commercial success. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on many factors, including: 
 completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 

addressing impacts on our clinical trials resulting from factors related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants; 

obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development and clinical trials; 

developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, as well as establishing and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and commercial demand of our product candidates; 

identifying, assessing, acquiring, and/or developing new product candidates; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements into which we may enter; 

launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure; 

obtaining and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our products are commercialized; 

obtaining adequate reimbursement for our product candidates from payors; 

obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; 

addressing any competing technological and market developments; 

receiving milestones and other payments under our current and any future collaboration arrangements; 

maintaining, protecting, expanding, and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, and know-how; and 

attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel, especially in light of a recent very competitive compensation environment. 

To date, clinical development of two of our product candidates has been terminated. AbbVie decided to terminate the CD33 collaboration program, after AbbVie and Alector collaboratively reviewed next steps for AL003, the asset being developed under that program, and concluded that further development of AL003 was not warranted. Additionally, we decided to close the Phase 1 clinical trial for our AL044 product candidate based on initial PK and tolerability data. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies, to perform studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our or our current or future collaborators clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with launching and commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. 
 We will need to obtain substantial additional financing to complete the development and any commercialization of our product candidates, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate our commercialization efforts, product development, or other operations. 
 Our operations have required substantial amounts of cash since inception, and we expect our expenses to increase significantly in the foreseeable future. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and upfront payments received in connection with our collaboration arrangements with AbbVie 
 48 

and GSK. Developing our product candidates and conducting clinical trials for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, including FTD, Alzheimer s disease, ALS, and Parkinson s disease, and in oncology, will require substantial amounts of capital. We will also require a significant amount of capital for the further development of our product candidates, and if any of such product candidates are approved, to commercialize any approved products. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 712.9 million. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our projected operations through 2025. Our estimate as to how long we expect our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities to be available to fund our operations is based on assumptions that may be proved inaccurate, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. In addition, changing circumstances, including periods of a rising rate of inflation, may cause us to increase our spending significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. We may need to raise additional funds sooner than we anticipate if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate. 
 Global markets recently have experienced volatility and instability in connection with macroeconomic downturns stemming from increased inflation, supply chain and other economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, among other matters. In addition, the public market for and stock prices of biotechnology companies have experienced a significant downturn over the last few years. Our ability to raise money in the public markets may be severely impacted for the foreseeable future due to these factors. Additional capital may not be available when we need it, on terms acceptable to us or at all. If adequate capital is not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue our research and development programs or the commercialization of any product candidates, if approved, or be unable to continue or expand our operations, or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may be unfavorable terms, including interest rates and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements with pharmaceutical partners, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs, or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our product candidates, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. Moreover, we may expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product candidate or fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 We have identified over 100 immune system targets. Three of our product candidates, latozinemab, AL002, and AL101, are in clinical development, and we continue to develop our research pipeline. The development of one of our product candidates, AL003, was terminated in June 2022. Together, the development of these programs and product candidates requires significant capital investment. Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs and product candidates, we must focus our programs and product candidates on specific diseases and disease pathways and decide which product candidates to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our drug development strategy is to clinically test and seek regulatory approval for our product candidates in indications in which we believe there is the most evidence that we will be able to quickly generate proof-of-concept data. We then intend to expand to clinical testing and seek regulatory approvals in other neurodegenerative indications based on genetic and mechanistic overlap with the primary indication. 
 However, even if our product candidates are able to gain regulatory approval in one indication, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain approval in other indications, and we may expend significant resources in seeking such approvals. In addition, we may focus resources on pursuing indications outside of neurodegeneration based on the same genetic and mechanistic rationale we utilize in determining on which of our discovery programs to focus. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management, and 
 49 

financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. For example, Innovent will not be continuing development of AL008, and we intend to re-acquire the rights we granted to Innovent for the development and commercialization of AL008. Innovent submitted an IND with the Chinese regulatory authorities, and Alector is in the process of obtaining relevant materials and information from Innovent. Alector plans to evaluate data and documentation from that IND application to potentially support an IND submission in the U.S. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate, or collaborate with third parties in respect of certain programs may subsequently also prove to be suboptimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our programs or product candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for neurodegenerative diseases, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. Our reliance on genetic screening and use of biomarkers to align patient risk profiles with targeted intervention may eventually require us to develop and use companion diagnostics, which could impact product development costs and timelines depending on the specific diagnostic and any applicable regulatory requirements that would need to be met to enable its use. 
 Risks Related to the Discovery, Development, and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 Research and development of biopharmaceutical products is inherently risky. Our business is heavily dependent on the successful development of our product candidates, which are in various stages of preclinical and clinical development. We cannot give any assurance that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory, including marketing, approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized. 
 We are in the clinical stages of development of many of the product candidates currently in our programs. To date, we have invested substantially in our efforts and financial resources to identify, procure intellectual property for, and develop our programs and product candidates, and provide general and administrative support for these operations. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize our product candidates, and we may fail to do so for many reasons, including the following: 
 our product candidates may not successfully complete preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

a product candidate may on further study be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

our competitors may develop therapeutics that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 

the product candidates that we develop may not be sufficiently covered by intellectual property for which we hold exclusive rights; 

the product candidates that we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other intellectual property or exclusive rights; 

the market for a product candidate may change so that the continued development of that product candidate is no longer reasonable or commercially attractive; 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in sufficient quantities for development or commercialization at an acceptable cost, or at all; 

if a product candidate obtains regulatory approval, we may be unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities, or successfully market such approved product candidate, to gain market acceptance; and 

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors, if applicable. 

50 

If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. For example, after completing the Phase 1 trial for AL003 and reviewing the collaboration program with us, AbbVie decided to terminate the CD33 collaboration program, under which AL003 was being developed. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to further develop our current product candidates. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Most of our product candidates are in the early stages of development and all will require significant additional clinical development, management of preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval, adequate manufacturing supply, a commercial organization, and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from product sales, if at all. 
 
 We have never completed a clinical development program. We are in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials for one product candidate, latozinemab, are in Phase 2 clinical development for one product candidate, AL002, and we have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial for AL101. Further, we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials. For any product candidates we have advanced into clinical trials, we may terminate such trials or the clinical program prior to their completion. 
 If any of our product candidates successfully complete clinical trials, we generally plan to seek regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States, the European Union, and in additional foreign countries where we believe there is a viable commercial opportunity. We have never commenced, compiled or submitted an application seeking regulatory approval to market any product candidate. We may never receive regulatory approval to market any product candidates even if such product candidates successfully complete clinical trials, which would adversely affect our viability. To obtain regulatory approval in countries outside the United States, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such other countries regarding safety, efficacy, manufacturing and controls, clinical trials, commercial sales, pricing, and distribution of our product candidates. We may also rely on our collaborators or partners to conduct the required activities to support an application for regulatory approval, and to seek approval, for one or more of our product candidates. We cannot be sure that our collaborators or partners will conduct these activities or do so within the timeframe we desire. Even if we (or our collaborators or partners) are successful in obtaining approval in one jurisdiction, we cannot ensure that we will obtain approval in any other jurisdictions. If we are unable to obtain approval for our product candidates in multiple jurisdictions, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our growth prospects could be negatively affected. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, whether for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases or other diseases, we cannot be assured that any such product candidate will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development involves significant risk that any product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, and become commercially viable. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of our product candidates through the development process or, if approved, successfully commercialize any of our product candidates. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates from our research and drug discovery platform or to develop commercially successful products. If we fail to successfully identify and develop additional product candidates from our research and drug discovery platform, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 One of our strategies is to identify and pursue clinical development of additional product candidates. Identifying, developing, obtaining regulatory approval, and commercializing additional product candidates for the treatment of neurodegenerative and other diseases will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully identify or acquire additional product candidates, advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process, successfully commercialize any such additional product candidates, if approved, or assemble sufficient resources to identify, acquire, develop, or, if approved, commercialize additional product candidates. If we 
 51 

are unable to successfully identify, acquire, develop, and commercialize additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to obtain approval for additional or expanded indications for our approved product candidates. 
 Our drug development strategy is to clinically test and seek regulatory approval for our product candidates in indications in which we believe there is the most evidence that we will be able to quickly generate proof-of-concept data. We then intend to expand to clinical testing and seek regulatory approvals in other neurodegenerative indications based on genetic and mechanistic overlap with the primary indication. Conducting clinical trials for additional indications for our product candidates requires substantial technical, financial, and human capital resources and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in our effort to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates for additional indications even if we obtain approval for an initial indication. 
 We do not have any products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. 
 We have concentrated a substantial portion of our research and development efforts on the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, a field that has seen limited success in drug development. Further, our product candidates are based on new approaches and novel technology, and we must identify and develop new biomarkers that are signs of a disease or condition and that can measure impact on disease progression of our product candidates, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. 
 We have focused a substantial portion of our research and development efforts on addressing neurodegenerative diseases. Collectively, efforts by biopharmaceutical companies in the field of neurodegenerative diseases have seen limited success in drug development. There are limited currently approved therapeutic options available for patients with FTD, Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, ALS, and other neurodegenerative diseases. Our future success is highly dependent on the successful development of our product candidates for treating neurodegenerative diseases. Developing product candidates and, if approved, commercializing our products for treatment of neurodegenerative diseases subjects us to a number of challenges, including obtaining disease modifying activity and efficacious dose in target tissue and obtaining regulatory approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities who have only a limited set of precedents to rely on. 
 Our approach to the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases aims to identify and select targets enriched in microglia and other myeloid immune cells which are genetically associated with neurodegenerative diseases. We identify and develop product candidates that are designed to cross the blood brain barrier in sufficient quantity and potency to enable efficacious dosing in the brain and engage the intended target, and we must be able to identify and develop biomarkers and biomarker assays that can accurately identify signs of a disease or condition, assist us in selecting the right patient population, and demonstrate target engagement, pathway engagement, and measure the impact on disease progression of our product candidates. This strategy may not prove to be successful. We cannot be sure that our approach will yield satisfactory therapeutic products that are safe and effective, scalable, or profitable. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials or may not be able to conduct or complete our clinical trials on the timelines we expect, if at all. 
 Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming, and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND or a clinical trial application (CTA) will result in the FDA or EMA, as applicable, allowing clinical trials to begin in a timely manner, if at all. Moreover, even if these trials begin, issues may arise that could suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing, and our future clinical trials may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely initiation or completion of clinical trials include: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 

52 

delays in confirming target engagement, patient selection, or other relevant biomarkers to be utilized in preclinical and clinical product candidate development; 

delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations (CROs) and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays in identifying, recruiting, and training suitable clinical investigators; 

delays in obtaining required IRB/EC approval at each clinical trial site; 

imposition of delays to clinical trials, including as a result of temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons (see for example our discussions of ARIA in other risks described in this Risk Factors section), including: 

after review of an IND or amendment, CTA or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; 

as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; 

as a result of modifications to clinical trial protocols or related documentation; 

a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical trial operations or study sites; or 

the finding that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

delays in identifying, recruiting, and enrolling suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials, and delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 

difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure by our CROs, other third parties, or us to adhere to clinical trial requirements; 

failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s current good clinical practices (cGCPs) requirements, or applicable EMA or other regulatory guidelines in other countries; 

occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 

clinical trials of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs; and 

delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials or the inability to do any of the foregoing. 

Any inability to successfully initiate or complete clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may be required to or we may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 53 

For example, we had been developing AL003 with AbbVie to treat patients with Alzheimer s disease but on June 30, 2022, AbbVie provided written notice to us formalizing the decision to terminate the CD33 collaboration program , under which AL003 was being developed. Additionally, Innovent will not be continuing development of AL008, and we intend to re-acquire the rights we granted to Innovent for the development and commercialization of AL008. Innovent submitted an IND with the Chinese regulatory authorities, and Alector is in the process of obtaining relevant materials and information from Innovent. Alector plans to evaluate data and documentation from that IND application to potentially support an IND submission in the U.S. Furthermore, we decided to close the Phase 1 clinical trial for our AL044 product candidate based on initial PK and tolerability data. 
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the data safety monitoring board for such trial or by the FDA, EMA, or any other regulatory authority, or if the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted suspend or terminate the participation of their clinical investigators and sites subject to their review. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants. 
 We may in the future advance product candidates into clinical trials and terminate such trials prior to their completion, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Delays in the completion of any clinical trial of our product candidates will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and delay, or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 We may encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, and our clinical development activities could thereby be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We continue to pursue measures to enroll our Phase 3 INFRONT-3 and Phase 2 INVOKE-2 trials. For example, we are opening additional clinical trial sites and expanding recruitment efforts to enroll the INFRONT-3 trial. However, we may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including: 
 the size and nature of the patient population; 

the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, including biomarker-driven identification and/or certain highly-specific criteria related to stage of disease progression, which may limit the patient populations eligible for our clinical trials to a greater extent than competing clinical trials for the same indication that do not have biomarker-driven patient eligibility criteria; 

the size of the study population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of patients to a trial site; 

the design of the trial; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

delays in enrolling patients in our clinical trials caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants; 

competing clinical trials for similar therapies or targeting patient populations meeting our patient eligibility criteria; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and side effects of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies and product candidates; 

54 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will not complete such trials or that we may not be able to collect data from such patients for any reason. 

Enrollment of patients in our clinical trials and maintaining patients in our ongoing clinical trials have been, and may continue to be, delayed or limited due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants. In addition, if additional COVID-19 concerns or restrictions arise, including as a result of any new COVID-19 variants, patients may not be able or willing to visit clinical trial sites for dosing or data collection purposes due to additional limitations on travel new physical distancing imposed or recommended by federal or state governments or patients reluctance to visit the clinical trial sites during the pandemic. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is lessening, the effects resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants could continue to delay or prevent the anticipated readouts from our clinical trials. 
 Our clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events, toxicities, or other side effects and may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay, or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex, and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. For those product candidates that are subject to regulation as biological drug products, we will need to demonstrate that they are safe, pure, and potent for use in their target indications. Each product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of early-stage or later-stage clinical trials, and results of early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. The results of clinical trials in healthy volunteers or one set of patients or disease indications may not be predictive of those obtained in another. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen, and other clinical trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Open-label or long-term extension studies may also extend the timing and cost of a clinical program substantially. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. This is particularly true in neurodegenerative diseases, where failure rates historically have been higher than in many other disease areas. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. 
 For example, in our ongoing INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial in Alzheimer s disease, cases of ARIA have been observed. ARIA are MRI findings suggestive of vasogenic edema or hemosiderin deposits. The incidence of ARIA has been shown to increase in AD patients with the administration of certain Alzheimer's disease therapeutics, namely anti- -amyloid antibodies. In our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial, most ARIA cases were asymptomatic and non-serious. However, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred almost exclusively in patients with the APOE e4/e4 genotype, as previously reported. To mitigate risks associated with ARIA, we voluntarily discontinued dosing and enrollment of APOE e4/e4 participants in our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial. Following these changes, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred in patients who are non-homozygous for the APOE e4 allele. We continue to implement earlier MRI monitoring, consistent with recently published guidelines for ARIA monitoring and management. We are conducting this study under the guidance of an IDMC, which is allowed to review unblinded data and to make trial recommendations. 
 We have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support marketing approval. We cannot be certain that our current clinical trials or any other future clinical trials will be successful. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in those and other indications, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 55 

In addition, even if such clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend 
 significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for any of our product candidates, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of our product candidates, which may also limit its commercial potential. 
 Our operations and financial results could be adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants in the United States and the rest of the world. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including recent variants that spread throughout the world, has adversely impacted global commercial activity. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is lessening, such events have contributed to significant volatility and instability in financial markets, including a rising rate of inflation. The COVID-19 pandemic and government responses created disruption in global supply chains and adversely impacted many industries. The pandemic could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions, including a continued rapid increase in inflation rates, and lead to a further extended period of global economic slowdown. We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic closely. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our operations or financial results is uncertain. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce, such as worker shortages; supply chain issues and disruptions; facilities and production suspensions; increases in inflation rates; and spikes in demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies. While the extent of the impact of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results is uncertain, a continued and prolonged public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic and any new variants that may later arise, we may experience disruptions, especially supply chain disruptions, that could have severe impacts on our business and clinical trials, such as: 
 the size and nature of the patient populations for our clinical trials; 

delays or difficulties in recruiting, enrolling, and maintaining patients in our clinical trials; 

delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of clinical trials; 

interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to new limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others; 

limitations in resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our business or our clinical trials, including because of sickness or the desire to avoid contact with large groups of people or as a result of government-imposed shelter in place or similar working restrictions; 

delays in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 

delays in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our clinical trials; 

interruption in global shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial materials, such as investigational drug product used in our clinical trials; 

changes in regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical trials are conducted, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether, or which may result in unexpected costs; 

delays in necessary interactions with regulators, IRBs/ECs and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government or contractor personnel; and 

56 

refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies outside the United States. 

We may be required to develop, implement, and maintain additional clinical trial policies and procedures designed to help protect subjects from the COVID-19 virus, which may delay our anticipated timelines for clinical studies and regulatory approval and increase our costs for clinical studies. For example, in March 2020, the FDA issued a guidance, which the FDA subsequently updated, on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic, which describes a number of considerations for sponsors of clinical trials impacted by the pandemic. In 2020 and 2021, the FDA issued guidance on good manufacturing practice considerations for responding to COVID-19 infection in employees in drug and biological products manufacturing, remote interactive evaluations of drug manufacturing and bioresearch monitoring facilities; and manufacturing, supply chain, and drug and biological product inspections, among others. In light of the spread of COVID-19 variants, the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulators may issue additional guidance and policies that may materially impact our business and clinical development timelines. Further changes to existing policies and regulations could increase our compliance costs or delay our clinical plans. To the extent our clinical studies are delayed or data from our clinical studies become compromised due to COVID-19 related factors, we may be required to expend additional resources to conduct additional studies and/or enroll more participants, which could adversely affect our business operations and delay regulatory approval. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the extent to which may impact our business, preclinical studies, and clinical trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions, social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions, the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease, and the possibility of new variants. We may also suffer from any of the foregoing disruptions if the COVID-19 virus and subsequent variants continue to develop and experience a resurgence in any particular country or region in the future. 
 The spread of COVID-19 and its subsequent variants has caused us to modify our business practices including by employing more remote workers and operating under hybrid work model. In addition, we may take actions as required by government authorities and regulations or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. Many of our employees continue to work remotely. Our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. We may incur incremental expenses in connection with travel for remote employees, which we will continue to monitor; such expenses could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Additionally, certain third parties with whom we engage, including our collaborators, contract organizations, third party manufacturers, suppliers, clinical trial sites, regulators and other third parties with whom we conduct business have similarly adjusted their operations and assessed their capacity in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of subsequent variants. If these third parties experience shutdowns or business disruptions, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively impacted. 
 For example, certain of our clinical trial sites experienced clinical trial visit delays, and we are aware that for a period of time, some participants in our then ongoing trials did not receive scheduled doses or assessments on time. These events could negatively impact the integrity, reliability, or robustness of the data from our clinical trials. We and our CROs made certain adjustments to the operation of such trials in an effort to ensure the monitoring and safety of patients and minimize risks to trial integrity during the pandemic in accordance with the guidance issued by the FDA, and we may be required to make further adjustments in the future due to any resurgence of COVID-19. 
 To the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other disease outbreaks adversely affect our operations and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological and scientific change, and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are safer, more advanced, or more effective than ours, which may negatively impact our ability to successfully market or commercialize any product candidates we may develop and ultimately harm our financial condition. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. Moreover, the neurodegenerative field is characterized by strong and increasing competition, and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We may face competition with respect to any of our product candidates that we seek to develop or commercialize in the future from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and 
 57 

biotechnology companies worldwide. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization. 
 There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are currently pursuing the development of products for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, including FTD, Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson's disease, and ALS, as well as for the treatment of cancer. Many of these current or potential competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. For example, in January 2023, FDA approved lecanemab, an anti-amyloid beta protofibril antibody for the treatment of Alzeimer s disease developed by Eisai Co., Ltd. (Eisai) and Biogen Inc. (Biogen). Eisai has also filed marketing authorization applications in Japan and Europe. Additionally, in July 2022, Biogen announced that the FDA accepted a NDA for tofersen, an drug for ALS associated with mutations in superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), and in September 2022, Amylyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that the FDA approved RELYVRIO (sodium phenylbutyrate and taurursodiol) for the treatment of adults with ALS. Other competitors are pursuing product candidates that act on the same targets or through comparable mechanisms of action. 
 Furthermore, mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient enrollment in clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Furthermore, currently approved products could be discovered to have application for treatment of neurodegenerative disease indications, which could give such products significant regulatory and market timing advantages over any of our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, EMA, or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours and may obtain orphan drug exclusivity from the FDA for indications our product candidates are targeting, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, products or technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing any product candidates we may develop against competitors. 
 In addition, we could face litigation or other proceedings with respect to the scope, ownership, validity, and/or enforceability of our patents relating to our competitors products and our competitors may allege that our products infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate their intellectual property. The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. 
 The manufacture of our product candidates is complex, and we may encounter difficulties in production. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers encounter such difficulties, or fail to meet rigorously enforced regulatory standards, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical trials or our products for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. 
 The processes involved in manufacturing our product candidates are complex, expensive, highly-regulated, and subject to multiple risks. Further, as product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials. 
 In order to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, or supply commercial products, if approved, we will need to manufacture them in large quantities. Our CDMOs may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any of our product candidates in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If our CDMOs are unable to successfully scale up the 
 58 

manufacture of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, the development, testing, and clinical trials of that product candidate may be delayed or become infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any resulting product may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. The same risk would apply to our internal manufacturing facilities, should we in the future decide to build internal manufacturing capacity. In addition, building internal manufacturing capacity would carry significant risks in terms of being able to plan, design, and execute on a complex project to build manufacturing facilities in a timely and cost-efficient manner. 
 In addition, the manufacturing process for any products that we may develop is subject to FDA, EMA, and foreign regulatory authority approval processes, and continuous oversight, and we will need to contract with manufacturers who can meet all applicable FDA, EMA, and foreign regulatory authority requirements, including complying with current good manufacturing practices (cGMPs) on an ongoing basis. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to reliably produce products to specifications acceptable to the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities, including recent FDA guidance on good manufacturing practice considerations for responding to COVID-19 infection in employees in drug and biological products manufacturing, as well as any future guidance and regulations, we may not obtain or maintain the approvals we need to commercialize such products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance that either we or our CDMOs will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product, or to meet potential future demand. Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any product candidates we may develop, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing, or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales, marketing, and commercial support infrastructure to sell, or participate in commercial activities with our collaborators for, some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 There are risks involved with both establishing our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force or reimbursement specialists is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize any approved product on our own include: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales, marketing, reimbursement, customer service, medical affairs, and other support personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future approved products; 

our inability to negotiate arrangements for formulary access, reimbursement, and other acceptance by payors; 

the inability to price our products at a sufficient price point to ensure an adequate and attractive level of profitability; and our ability to recognize revenue from such prices; 

restricted or closed distribution channels that make it difficult to distribute our products to segments of the patient population; 

59 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent commercialization organization. 

If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, commercial support, and distribution services, our product revenue or the profitability of product revenue may be lower than if we were to market and sell any products we may develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to commercialize our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish commercialization capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if approved. 
 Even if any product candidates we develop receive marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 The commercial success of any of our products will depend upon its degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. Even if any product candidates we may develop receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidates we may develop, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the efficacy and safety as demonstrated in clinical trials and published in peer-reviewed journals; 

the potential and perceived advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 

sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement; 

the ability to offer appropriate patient access programs, such as co-pay assistance; 

the extent to which physicians recommend our products to their patients; 

convenience and ease of dosing and administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by FDA, EMA, or other regulatory agencies; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA, EMA, or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including any limitations, contraindications, or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; 

restrictions on how the product is distributed; 

the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

If any product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue, and we may not become profitable. 
 60 

Any products we commercialize may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices, or healthcare reform initiatives, which would harm our business. 
 The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing, and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. In the United States, recently enacted or potential future legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if any product candidates we may develop obtain marketing approval. 
 Our ability to successfully commercialize any products that we may develop also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Government authorities currently impose mandatory discounts for certain patient groups, such as Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans Affairs hospitals, and may seek to increase such discounts at any time. Future regulation may negatively impact the price of our products, if approved. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In order to get reimbursement, physicians may need to show that patients have superior treatment outcomes with our products compared to standard of care drugs, including lower-priced generic versions of standard of care drugs. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement levels for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time consuming and costly process that may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA, EMA, or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale, and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products we may develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize product candidates, and our overall financial condition. 
 Current and future CMS coverage restrictions on classes of drugs that encompass our product candidates, including our candidates for treating Alzheimer s disease, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, generate revenue and attain profitability. It is unclear how future CMS coverage decisions and policies will impact our business. 
 61 

Our product candidates for which we intend to seek approval may face biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated. 
 Even if we are successful in achieving regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate ahead of our competitors, our product candidates may face competition from biosimilar products. In the United States, our product candidates are regulated by the FDA as biologic products and we intend to seek approval for these product candidates pursuant to the BLA pathway. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA) created an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biologic products. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to an existing brand product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years after the original branded product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 We believe that any of our product candidates approved as a biologic product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to Congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar product, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is analogous to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. In addition, a competitor could decide to forego the biosimilar approval path and submit a full BLA after completing its own preclinical studies and clinical trials. In such cases, any exclusivity to which we may be eligible under the BPCIA would not prevent the competitor from marketing its product as soon as it is approved. 
 In Europe, the European Commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilar products pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. In Europe, a competitor may reference data supporting approval of an innovative biological product, but will not be able to get it on the market until 10 years after the time of approval of the innovative product. This 10-year marketing exclusivity period will be extended to 11 years if, during the first eight of those 10 years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an approval for one or more new therapeutic indications that bring significant clinical benefits compared with existing therapies. In addition, companies may be developing biosimilar products in other countries that could compete with our products, if approved. 
 If competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing our product candidates, if approved, such products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and potential adverse consequences. Such competitive products may be able to immediately compete with us in each indication for which our product candidates may have received approval. 
 Any legal proceedings or claims involving or against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our reputation regardless of the outcome. 
 We may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property, data privacy, product liability, employment, class action or derivative, whistleblower and other litigation claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources, cause us to incur significant expenses or liability, or require us to change our business practices. In addition, the expense of litigation and the timing of this expense from period to period are difficult to estimate, subject to change, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of the potential risks, expenses, and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we have meritorious claims or defenses, by agreeing to settlement agreements. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 62 

If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk when and if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit testing and commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased or interrupted demand for our products; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing, or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; and 

the inability to commercialize any product candidate. 

Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical, or other studies. We have not submitted for, or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate, and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Further, development of our product candidates and/or regulatory approval may be delayed for reasons beyond our control. For example, the U.S. federal government has experienced and may in the future experience shutdown 
 63 

or budget sequestration, which could result in significant reductions to the FDA s budget, employees, and operations, which may lead to slower response times and longer review periods, potentially affecting our ability to progress development of our product candidates or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. To the extent FDA and other regulatory authorities experience any delays or limited resources in reviewing our regulatory applications or requests for meetings and/or guidance, and inspection of manufacturing facilities prior to regulatory approval due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other reasons, we may experience significant delays in our anticipated timelines for our clinical studies and/or seeking regulatory approvals, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval in an initial or subsequent indication for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: 
 the FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation, or the interpretation of the results of our clinical trials; 

the FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may determine that our product candidates are not safe and effective, only moderately or insufficiently effective or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities, or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use; 

the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval 

the FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA, BLA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate s risk-benefit ratio, on its own or when compared to the standard of care, is acceptable; 

the FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures, and specifications, or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval or resulting in delays in our regulatory approval, including, for example, in connection with the FDA s approval of Biogen s Aduhelm in Alzheimer s disease amid questions regarding the underlying data, as well as the ongoing government investigation of the FDA s approval process for Aduhelm. 

This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential, or result in significant negative consequences. 
 Adverse events or other undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA, EMA, or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment, the ability of enrolled patients to complete the study, and/or result in potential product liability claims. We are required to maintain product liability insurance pursuant to certain of our development and commercialization agreements. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could adversely affect our results of operations, business, and 
 64 

reputation. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in impairment of our business reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants, costs due to related litigation, distraction of management s attention from our primary business, initiation of investigations by regulators, substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants, the inability to commercialize our product candidates, and decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 
 ARIA have been observed in our ongoing INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial in AD. ARIA are MRI findings suggestive of vasogenic edema or hemosiderin deposits. The incidence of ARIA has been shown to increase in AD patients with the administration of certain Alzheimer's disease therapeutics, namely anti- -amyloid antibodies. In our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial, most ARIA cases were asymptomatic and non-serious. However, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred almost exclusively in patients with the APOE e4/e4 genotype, as previously reported. To mitigate risks associated with ARIA, we voluntarily discontinued dosing and enrollment of APOE e4/e4 participants in our INVOKE-2 Phase 2 clinical trial. Following these changes, a small number of ARIA-related serious adverse events occurred in patients who are non-homozygous for the APOE e4 allele. We continue to implement earlier MRI monitoring, consistent with recently published guidelines for ARIA monitoring and management. We are conducting this study under the guidance of an IDMC, which is allowed to review unblinded data and to make trial recommendations. 
 Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects or adverse events caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including but not limited to: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product and cause us to recall our products; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label; 

we may be required to change the way the product is administered, monitor patients over the course of treatment, or conduct additional clinical trials or post-approval studies; 

we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy plan, which could include a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, a communication plan for healthcare providers, requiring pre-prescription screening or ongoing monitoring for ARIA and/or other adverse events, and/or other elements, such as boxed warning on the packaging, to assure safe use; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We currently are and may continue in the future to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates outside the United States, and the FDA, EMA, and applicable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials. 
 We currently are and may continue in the future choose to conduct one or more of our clinical trials outside the United States, including in Europe, Latin America, Asia or Australia. The acceptance of study data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States or another jurisdiction by the FDA, EMA, or applicable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the United States population and United States medical practice; and (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to cGCP regulations. Additionally, the FDA s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory bodies have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA, EMA, or any applicable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction, as regulatory authorities in different jurisdictions may impose different requirements for approval, 
 65 

including requirements with respect to trial design or trial diversity. If the FDA, EMA, or any applicable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval or clearance for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. Our reliance on genetic screening and use of biomarkers to align patient risk profiles with targeted intervention may eventually require us to develop and use companion diagnostics, which could result in additional regulatory requirements that would need to be met to enable its use. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA or EMA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing, and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to regulatory approval. 
 Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties, and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we or any partner we work with fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced, and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products will remain subject to extensive post-marketing requirements and regulatory scrutiny. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive requirements imposed by the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA, BLA, or marketing authorization application (MAA). Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, and quality control. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed and promoted or to the conditions of approval (including any requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy), or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. The FDA and other agencies, including the Department of Justice, closely regulate and monitor the post-approval marketing and promotion of products to ensure that they are manufactured, marketed, and distributed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. We will have to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. As such, we may not promote our products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. The holder of an approved NDA, BLA, or MAA must submit new or 
 66 

supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing clinical trials to verify the safety and efficacy of our products in general or in specific patient subsets. If original marketing approval was obtained via the accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical trial to confirm clinical benefit for our products. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: 
 issue warning letters that would result in adverse publicity; 

impose civil or criminal penalties; 

suspend or withdraw regulatory approvals; 

suspend any of our ongoing clinical trials; 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us; 

impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers facilities; 

seize or detain products; or 

require a product recall. 

Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 We have received orphan drug designation from the FDA for latozinemab and AL101 for treatment of FTD and may seek orphan drug designation for some of our other product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain such designations or to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug status, including market exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug or biologic in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. While we have obtained orphan drug designation from the FDA for latozinemab and AL101 for treatment of FTD, we may be unable to reap the benefits associated with orphan drug status. In addition, we plan to seek orphan drug designations for some of our other product candidates in the future but may be unable to obtain an orphan drug designation for any additional product candidates. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. This means that the FDA may not approve any other NDA or BLA application to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity, if FDA revokes the orphan drug designation, or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not assured the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Even though the FDA has 
 67 

approved orphan drug status for latozinemab and AL101 for treatment of FTD, the FDA can still approve other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating FTD. Furthermore, orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug product for a different indication before the expiration of the orphan exclusivity period. 
 As discussed above, in litigation in 2021, a court disagreed with the FDA s longstanding position that orphan drug exclusivity only applies to the approved use or indication within an eligible disease, and not to all uses or indications within the entire designated disease or condition. This appellate court decision created uncertainty in the application of orphan drug exclusivity. In January, 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the applicable court ruling. The FDA intends to continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within the same orphan designated disease or condition that has not yet been approved. It is unclear how future litigation, legislation, agency decisions, and administrative actions will impact the scope of orphan drug exclusivity. 
 We have received Fast Track designation from the FDA for latozinemab and AL101 for the treatment of patients with FTD carrying specific genetic mutation in the granulin gene, but we may be unable to obtain or maintain the benefits associated with the Fast Track designation. 
 Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of therapies which treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. Programs with Fast Track designation may benefit from early and frequent communications with the FDA, potential priority review, and the ability to submit a rolling application for regulatory review. Fast Track designation applies to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. 
 In December 2019, the FDA granted Fast Track designation for latozinemab and in January 2020, the FDA granted Fast Track designation for AL101, each for the treatment of patients with FTD carrying specific genetic mutations in the granulin gene. If our clinical development program does not continue to meet the criteria for Fast Track designation, or if our clinical trials are suspended or terminated, or put on clinical hold due to unexpected adverse events or issues with clinical supply, we may not realize all the benefits associated with the Fast Track program. Furthermore, Fast Track designation does not change the standards for approval. Fast Track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA s priority review procedures. 
 Healthcare legislative measures aimed at reducing healthcare costs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Third-party payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. 
 In particular, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or Affordable Care Act (ACA) was enacted, which, among other things, subjected biologic products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs, and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research. In June 2021, the United States Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. It is unclear how this Supreme Court decision, future litigation, or healthcare measures promulgated by the Biden administration will impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, effective January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than they receive on the sale of approved 
 68 

products, which could have a material impact on our business. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. 
 Many states have proposed or enacted legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as by requiring biopharmaceutical manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information or to place a maximum price ceiling on pharmaceutical products purchased by state agencies. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products candidates. Such initiatives and legislation may affect the prices we may obtain or demand for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. 
 Further, in April 2022, CMS released a national policy for coverage of aducanumab and any future monoclonal antibodies directed against amyloid approved by the FDA with an indication for use in treating Alzheimer s disease. CMS reiterated this policy in January 2023 in connection with the approval of lecanemab. According to the two-part National Coverage Determination (NCD), Medicare will cover monoclonal antibodies that target amyloid (or plaque) for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease that receive traditional approval from the FDA when furnished in accordance with the coverage criteria specified below under coverage with evidence development. CMS will also provide enhanced access and coverage for Medicare patients participating in CMS-approved studies, such as a data collection through routine clinical practice or registries. Additionally, for drugs that FDA has not determined to have shown a clinical benefit or that received an accelerated approval, Medicare will provide coverage in FDA or National Institutes of Health approved clinical trials. Current and future CMS coverage restrictions on classes of drugs that encompass our product candidates could have a material adverse impact on our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, generate revenue and attain profitability. It is unclear how future CMS coverage decisions and policies will impact our business . 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. A number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products. 
 We are unable to predict the future course of federal or state healthcare legislation in the United States directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. These and any further changes in the law or regulatory framework that reduce our revenue or increase our costs could also have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations, and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect: 
 the demand for our product, if we obtain regulatory approval; 

our ability to receive or set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 

our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; 

the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and 

the availability of capital. 

69 

We expect that the above healthcare reform measures and others that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, lower reimbursement, and new payment methodologies. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. This could lower the price that we receive for any approved product. The Biden administration and the states may pass further legislation and regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. Any denial in coverage or reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar denial or reduction in payments from private payors, which may prevent us from being able to generate sufficient revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud, misconduct, or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, and negligent conduct that fails to: 
 comply with the laws of the FDA, EMA, and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

provide true, complete, and accurate information to the FDA, EMA, and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

comply with clinical or manufacturing standards; 

comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or 

report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. 

If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. In particular, research, sales, marketing, education, and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, educating, marketing and promotion, sales and commission, certain customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements generally. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 If we fail to comply with healthcare laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations, and financial conditions could be adversely affected. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our operations will be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws. The laws that may impact our operations include the following: 
 Among other things the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, prohibits, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order, or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have 

70 

actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. 

Federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the False Claims Act, impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil qui tam or whistleblower actions, against individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation. 

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH) and their respective implementing regulations, impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization. 

The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, created under the ACA, and its implementing regulations, require applicable manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under the Open Payments Program, information related to payments and other transfers of value made to covered recipients, including physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician healthcare professionals (such as nurse practitioners and physician assistants, among others) and teaching hospitals, and information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians (as defined by law) and their immediate family members. 

Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 

Analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state and foreign anti-kickback, false claims, consumer protection, and unfair competition laws may apply to pharmaceutical business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales, and marketing arrangements, as well as submitting claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers. 

State laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines, and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government that otherwise restricts payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources. 

State laws also require drug manufacturers to file reports with states regarding pricing and marketing information, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration, and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities. 

71 

State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could, despite our efforts to comply, be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 If we or any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage fail to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We and any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures; the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, and water; and employee health and safety. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party facilities. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, product development, and manufacturing efforts. In addition, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to security, privacy and data protection. These laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, or monetary penalties, and otherwise may harm our business. 
 A wide variety of state, national, and international laws and regulations apply to security and cybersecurity requirements and the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These security and data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. We are continually working to comply with these laws, and we anticipate needing to devote significant additional resources to our compliance efforts. It is possible that the new legislation may impose new obligations and requirements on similarly 
 72 

situated companies, and these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or inconsistent with our current policies and practices. Our actual or perceived failure to adequately comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to security, privacy and data protection, or to protect our systems, personal data and other data we process or maintain, could result in regulatory fines, investigations and enforcement actions, penalties and other liabilities, claims for damages by affected individuals, and damage to our reputation, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. In the past, the U.S. government has experienced budgetary shutdowns and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 Our business activities may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, and other regulations. 
 Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations, or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. The FCPA generally prohibits offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action, or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, the healthcare providers who engage in our clinical trials or prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these investigators, prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. 
 Recently the SEC and Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. 
 73 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We expect to depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development, and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. 
 We currently use and expect to continue to use third-party collaborators for the research, development, and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop, including our arrangements with AbbVie, GSK, and Adimab. 
 Our likely collaborators for any other collaboration arrangements include large and mid-sized pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and academic institutions. Such arrangements with any third parties, generally provide us with shared or limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or potential commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements with commercial entities will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot predict the success of our current collaborations or any collaboration that we may enter into. 
 Collaborations involving our research programs, or any product candidates we may develop, pose risks to us including the following: 
 collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

collaborators may decide to not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates we develop or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities or collaborators may elect to fund or commercialize a competing product; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, provide insufficient quantities of materials for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborations may be terminated in their entirety or with respect to certain product candidates or technologies and, if so terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates or technologies; 

collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce, or defend intellectual property or proprietary rights relating to our product candidates or research programs or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings, including proceedings challenging the scope, ownership, validity, and enforceability of our intellectual property; 

collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our product candidates or research and development programs that results from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we may not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property or such product candidates or research programs; 

we may need the cooperation of our collaborators to enforce or defend any intellectual property we contribute to or that arises out of our collaborations, which may not be provided to us; 

collaborators may control certain interactions with regulatory authorities, which may impact our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development, or commercialization of our product candidates or research programs or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

74 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates or research programs if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

collaborators may restrict us from researching, developing, or commercializing certain products or technologies without their involvement; 

collaborators with manufacturing, marketing, or distribution rights to one or more product candidates may not commit sufficient resources to the manufacture, marketing, or distribution of such product candidates; 

we may lose certain valuable rights under circumstances identified in our collaborations, including if we undergo a change of control; 

collaborators may grant sublicenses to our technology or product candidates or undergo a change of control, and the sublicensees or new owners may decide to take the collaboration in a direction which is not in our best interest; 

collaborators may become bankrupt, which may significantly delay our research or development programs, or may cause us to lose access to valuable technology, know-how, or intellectual property of the collaborator relating to our products, product candidates, or research programs; 

key personnel at our collaborators may leave, which could negatively impact our ability to productively work with our collaborators; 

collaborations may require us to incur short and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our stockholders, or disrupt our management and business; 

if our collaborators do not satisfy their obligations under our agreements with them, if they terminate our collaborations with them, or if we fail to satisfy our obligations to our collaborators, we may not be able to develop or commercialize product candidates as planned; 

collaborations may require us to share in development and commercialization costs pursuant to budgets that we do not fully control, and our failure to share in such costs could have a detrimental impact on the collaboration or our ability to share in revenue generated under the collaboration and; 

collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our development or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished, or terminated. 

For example, AbbVie, after reviewing the CD33 collaboration program with us, decided to terminate the CD33 collaboration program, under which AL003 was being developed. Additionally, Innovent will not be conducting the AL008 first in human studies in China, Innovent will not be continuing development of AL008, and we intend to re-acquire the rights we granted to Innovent for the development and commercialization of AL008. Innovent submitted an IND with the Chinese regulatory authorities, and Alector is in the process of obtaining relevant materials and information from Innovent. Alector plans to evaluate data and documentation from that IND application to potentially support an IND submission in the U.S. 
 
 We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborations. For example business combinations among biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have resulted in a reduced number of potential collaborators. In addition, the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us 
 75 

on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 We may not realize the benefit of collaborations if we or our collaborator elects not to exercise the rights granted under the agreement or if we or our collaborator are unable to successfully integrate a product candidate into existing operations and company culture. In addition, if our agreement with any of our collaborators terminates, our access to technology and intellectual property licensed to us by that collaborator may be restricted or terminate entirely, which may delay our continued development of our product candidates utilizing the collaborator s technology or intellectual property or require us to stop development of those product candidates completely. We may also find it more difficult to find a suitable replacement collaborator or attract new collaborators, and our development programs may be delayed or the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. Many of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval, and commercialization described in this Risk Factors section also apply to the activities of our collaborators and any negative impact on our collaborators may adversely affect us. 
 We expect to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and some aspects of our research and preclinical testing, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research, or testing. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, and clinical investigators, to conduct some aspects of our research and preclinical testing and our clinical trials. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us or be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our product development activities. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with cGCPs for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible, reproducible, and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We also are required to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored databases within certain timeframes. We may also be exposed to additional liabilities if our contracted third parties engage in activities associated with improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for our clinical trials, cGCP noncompliance or noncompliance under applicable privacy laws, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation and business operations. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity, and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for any product candidates we may develop and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our medicines. 
 We also expect to rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors, including with the shipment of any drug supplies, could delay clinical development or marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop or commercialization of our medicines, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 We contract with third parties for the manufacture of materials for our research programs, preclinical studies, clinical trials, and for commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. Additionally, GSK, and AbbVie, have certain product manufacturing rights under their respective agreements. This reliance on third parties carries and may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of such materials, product candidates, or any medicines that we may develop and commercialize, or that such supply will not be available to us at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent, or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We do not have any manufacturing facilities. We currently rely on CDMOs for the manufacture of our materials for preclinical studies and clinical trials and expect to continue to do so for preclinical studies, clinical trials, and for commercial supply of any product candidates that we may develop. We currently have established relationships with several CDMOs, for the manufacture of each of our product candidates, as well as with GSK , and 
 76 

AbbVie, for latozinemab and AL101 , and for AL002, respectively. We may be unable to establish any further agreements with CDMOs or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on CDMOs entails additional risks, including: 
 the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us; 

reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance, quality assurance, safety, and pharmacovigilance and related reporting; and 

the inability to produce required volume in a timely manner and to quality standards. 

Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our CDMOs or collaboration partners to comply with applicable regulations could result in clinical holds on our trials, sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocations, seizures, or recalls of product candidates or medicines, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our medicines and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Any medicines that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 
 Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future third-party manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. If any one of our current contract manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace that manufacturer and may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement. Furthermore, securing and reserving production capacity with contract manufacturers may result in significant costs. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of any product candidates we may develop or medicines may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any medicines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 We, and the CDMO partners on which we rely, depend on third-party suppliers for key raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, and the loss of these third-party suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate raw materials, whether due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could harm our business. 
 We and the CDMO partners on which we rely depend on third-party suppliers for the supply of the raw materials required for the production of our product candidates, and we expect to continue to depend on third-party manufacturers for the commercial supply of any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. The dependence on these third-party suppliers and the challenges faced in obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials involve several risks, including supply chain issues caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, limited control over pricing, the availability of such materials, the quality of such materials, and delivery schedules. As a small company, our negotiation leverage is limited, and we are likely to get lower priority than our competitors who are larger than we are. We do not have long-term supply agreements, and we purchase our required drug product on a development manufacturing services agreement or purchase order basis. We cannot be certain that the suppliers will continue to provide the quantities of these raw materials that are required or satisfy the anticipated specifications and quality requirements. Any supply interruption in limited or sole sourced raw materials, including those caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants could materially harm our ability to manufacture our product candidates until a new source of supply, if any, can be identified and qualified. In such an event, we may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms. Any performance failure on the part of the suppliers could delay the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates, including limiting supplies necessary for clinical trials and regulatory approvals, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 77 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any product candidates we develop, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize any product candidates we may develop may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary product candidates and other technologies we may develop. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad relating to our core programs and product candidates, as well as other technologies that are important to our business. As our product candidates enter and progress through clinical development, we continue to pursue intellectual property protection with respect to certain aspects of those product candidates. For example, we have filed or intend to file patent applications on aspects of our technology and core product candidates; however, there can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents. Furthermore, in cases in which we have only filed provisional patent applications on certain aspects of our technology and product candidates, each of those provisional patent applications is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of the filing date of the applicable provisional patent application. Any failure to file a non-provisional patent application within this timeline could cause us to lose the ability to obtain patent protection for the inventions disclosed in the associated provisional patent applications. Furthermore, in some cases, we may not be able to obtain issued claims covering compositions relating to our core programs and product candidates, as well as other technologies that are important to our business, and instead may need to rely on filing patent applications with claims covering a method of use and/or method of manufacture for protection of such core programs, product candidates, and other technologies. There can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents, and even if they do issue, such patent claims may be insufficient to prevent third parties, such as our competitors, from utilizing our technology. Any failure to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to our core programs and product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If any of our patent applications, or those of our collaborators, do not issue as patents in any jurisdiction, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish our ability to protect our inventions, obtain, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patents or those of our collaborators with respect to our product candidates. With respect to both our intellectual property and that of our collaborators related to our product candidates, we cannot predict whether the patent applications we and our collaborators are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient protection from competitors or other third parties. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming, and complex, and we or our collaborators may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce, or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, CDMOs, consultants, advisors, and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow our inventions to be patentable over the prior art. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our collaborators were first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 78 

If the scope of any patent protection we obtain is not sufficiently broad, or if we lose any of our patent protection, our ability to prevent our competitors from commercializing similar or identical technology and product candidates would be adversely affected. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our or our collaborators pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our product candidates or other technologies or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. 
 Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we or our collaborators license or own currently or in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents to which we or our collaborators have rights may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether product candidates or other technologies will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. We or our collaborators may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) or foreign patent offices or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review, inventorship dispute, or interference proceedings or other similar proceedings challenging our or our collaborators patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding, or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable, such patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our product candidates or other technologies and compete directly with us, without payment to us. Moreover, we, or any one of our collaborators, may have to participate in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, in which a third party challenges the features of patentability with respect to our or our collaborators patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection for our product candidates and other technologies. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. If we or our collaborators are unsuccessful in any such proceeding or other inventorship dispute, we may be required to obtain and maintain licenses from third parties. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain such licenses, we may need to cease the development, manufacture, and commercialization of one or more of the product candidates we may develop. The loss of exclusivity or the narrowing of our owned and licensed patent claims could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products. 
 In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with rights to exclude others for sufficient period of time from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Some of our patents and patent applications may be co-owned with third parties. In addition, collaborators or future licensors may co-own their patents and patent applications with other third parties with whom we do not have a direct relationship. Our rights to certain of these patents and patent applications may be dependent, in part, on inter-institutional or other operating agreements between the joint owners of such patents and patent applications, who are not parties to our license agreements. If our collaborators or future licensors do not have exclusive control of the grant of licenses under any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications or we are otherwise unable to secure such exclusive rights, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology to the extent such products and technology are not also covered by our intellectual property. In addition, we may need the 
 79 

cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our rights to develop and commercialize are subject, in part, to the terms and conditions of agreements with others, including terms and conditions regarding intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our product candidates, and development and commercialization of our product candidates are subject to the terms and conditions of certain collaboration agreements with third parties. For example, in 2014 we entered into the Adimab Collaboration Agreement with Adimab. Under the 2014 Adimab Collaboration Agreement, we are developing antibodies discovered by Adimab in our latozinemab and AL101 product candidates, and we are developing an antibody optimized by Adimab in our AL002 product candidate. In August 2019, we entered into a new collaboration agreement with Adimab for development of antibodies for use in future programs. In 2021, we entered into another collaboration agreement with Adimab, which grants us an exclusive option to obtain a specified number of engineered sequences . discovered or optimized by Adimab and directed against targets that we select. Additionally, in October 2017, we entered into an agreement with AbbVie to co-develop and commercialize medicines with AbbVie to treat Alzheimer s disease and other neurodegenerative diseases. In July 2021, we entered into the GSK Agreement to collaborate on the global development and commercialization of the progranulin-elevating monoclonal antibodies, latozinemab and AL101. 
 Our agreements with Adimab, AbbVie, GSK, and other agreements we enter into in the future may not provide exclusive rights to use certain intellectual property and technology retained by the collaborator in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors or other third parties from developing and commercializing competitive products that utilize technology retained by such collaborators to the extent such products are not also covered by our intellectual property. 
 In addition, subject to the terms of any such agreements, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution, and maintenance, and we may not have the right to control the enforcement and defense of certain patents and patent applications relating to or affecting our development candidates. In addition, the GSK Agreement provides GSK with certain rights with respect to preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement, and defense of certain patents and patent applications. 
 We cannot be certain that patents and patent applications as to which preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement, or defense are controlled by our collaborators will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our collaborators fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, our rights as to such patents may be reduced or eliminated, our right to develop and commercialize any of our product candidates that are subject of such rights could be adversely affected, and we may have a reduced ability to prevent competitors from making, using, and selling competing products. In addition, even where we have the right to control prosecution of patent applications we have licensed to and from collaborators, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our collaborators that took place prior to the date upon which we assumed control over patent prosecution. 
 Furthermore, our or our collaborators patents may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, we received an award from the National Institute of Health in support of our research into the production and characterization of novel therapeutic antibodies against the neurotrophic factor PGRN degrading receptor SORT1. As a result, the U.S. government may have certain rights to resulting intellectual property. When new technologies are developed with U.S. government funding, the U.S. government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the U.S. government to use the invention or to have others use the invention on its behalf. The U.S. government s rights may also permit it to disclose the funded inventions and technology to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use the technology developed using U.S. government funding. The U.S. government may exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve the practical application of the government funded technology, or because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in facilities in the United States in certain 
 80 

circumstances and if this requirement is not waived. Any exercise by the U.S. government of such rights or by any third party of its reserved rights could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we option or license intellectual property rights from our collaborators or future licensors or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our collaborators or future licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 
 We have entered into agreements with our collaborators to option or license certain intellectual property and may need to obtain additional intellectual property rights from others to advance our research or allow commercialization of product candidates we may develop. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain additional intellectual property rights at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, product candidates, or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current technology, manufacturing methods, product candidates, or future methods or products resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to our future sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 In addition, each of our agreements with collaborators do, and we expect our future agreements will, impose various economic, development, diligence, commercialization, and other obligations on us. Certain of our collaboration agreements also require us to meet development timelines, or to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products. In spite of our efforts, our collaborators might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under such agreements and might therefore terminate or seek damages under the agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these agreements. If termination of these agreements causes us to lose the rights to certain patents or other intellectual property, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products similar to or identical to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a collaboration agreement, including: 
 the scope of the option or license rights granted under the agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the collaborator that is not subject to the option or license rights granted under the agreement; 

the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations under the agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 

the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our collaborators and us and our other partners. 

In addition, the agreements under which we currently have rights to option or license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have optioned or licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the 
 81 

affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on our product candidates and other technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 
 Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in or into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products, and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert counterclaims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patents. If we, our collaborators or any of our future licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on patents and applications will be due to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our owned or licensed patents and applications. In certain circumstances, we rely on our collaborators or licensing partners to pay these fees due to U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We also are dependent on our collaborators or licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including the sanctions targeting Russia, could interfere with filing of patent applications, prosecution of applications, and maintenance of issued patents in Russia, Ukraine, and via the Eurasian Patent Office. For example, the conflict and sanctions could interfere with payment of filing fees, extension fees, and annuities. The conflict and sanctions could also interfere with enforcement or defense of patents issued in Russia, Ukraine, and via the Eurasian Patent Office. The conflict and associated sanctions could 
 82 

therefore increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of any future issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. For example, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the America Invents Act), the first inventor to file a patent application in the United States is entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether another party was the first to invent the claimed invention. Therefore, a third party that filed a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013, but before us, could be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This possibility requires us to be cognizant of the time from invention to the time of filing a patent application. Because patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates or other technologies. 
 Certain procedures at the USPTO under the America Invents Act could affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Rulings from the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 Issued patents covering our product candidates and other technologies could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad. 
 If we initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our product candidates or other technologies, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, written description, or enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may raise claims challenging the validity or enforceability of our patents before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates or other technologies. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we or our licensing partners and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third 
 83 

party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates or other technologies. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar extensions as compensation for patent term lost during regulatory review processes are also available in certain foreign countries and territories, such as in Europe under a Supplementary Protection Certificate. However, we may not be granted an extension in the United States and/or foreign countries and territories because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is shorter than what we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants, or others who are involved in developing our product candidates or other technologies. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership of our patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property. If the defense of any such claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our product candidates and other technologies. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patents for our product candidates and other technologies, we also rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. We consider trade secrets and know-how to be one of our primary sources of intellectual property. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We expect our trade secrets and know-how to over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles describing the methodology, and the movement of personnel from academic to industry scientific positions. 
 We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate and academic collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, CDMOs, consultants, advisors, and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, train our employees not to bring or use proprietary information or technology from former employers to us or in their work, and remind former employees when they leave their employment of their confidentiality obligations. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite our efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able 
 84 

to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining, through acquisitions or otherwise, necessary rights to our product candidates or other technologies. 
 Many pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and academic institutions that are competing with us in the field of neurodegeneration therapy may have patents and have filed and are likely filing patent applications potentially relevant to our business. In order to avoid infringing these third-party patents, we may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses to such patents from such third-party intellectual property holders. We may also require licenses from third parties for certain technologies for use with future product candidates. In addition, with respect to any patents we co-own with third parties, we may wish to obtain licenses to such co-owners interest to such patents. However, we may be unable to secure such licenses or otherwise acquire any rights to compositions, methods of use, processes, or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our future product candidates. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources, and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of the relevant program or product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees, consultants, and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors and potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or other violation against us or our collaborators may prevent or delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates and other technologies. 
 The field of discovering treatments for neurodegenerative diseases is highly competitive and dynamic. Due to the focused research and development that is taking place by various companies, including us and our competitors, in this field, the intellectual property landscape is in flux, and it may remain uncertain in the future. Additionally, the 
 85 

technology used in our product candidates is still in development and no products utilizing similar technology have yet reached the market. As such, there may be significant intellectual property related litigation and proceedings relating to our, and other third party, intellectual property and proprietary rights in the future. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our and our collaborators ability to develop, manufacture, market, and sell any product candidates that we develop and to use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating, and otherwise violating the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of complex litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and we may become subject to, or threatened with, such actions in the future, regardless of their merit. In addition, we may undertake costly administrative proceedings for challenging third party patents, including post-grant, derivation, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates and other technologies may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. We cannot be assured that our product candidates and other technologies that we have developed, are developing, or may develop in the future will not infringe existing or future patents owned by third parties. We may not be aware of patents that have already been issued and that a third party, for example, a competitor in the fields in which we are developing product candidates, and other technologies might assert are infringed by our current or future product candidates or other technologies, including claims to compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods of use or treatment that cover our product candidates or other technologies. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our product candidates or other technologies, could be found to be infringed by our product candidates or other technologies. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or other technologies may infringe. 
 Third parties may have patents or obtain patents in the future and claim that the manufacture, use or sale of our product candidates or other technologies infringes upon these patents. In the event that any third - party claims that we infringe their patents or that we are otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and initiates litigation against us, even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that such patents are valid, enforceable, and infringed by our product candidates or other technologies. In this case, the holders of such patents may be able to block our ability to manufacture or commercialize the applicable product candidate or technology unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, we may be unable to commercialize our product candidates or other technologies, or such commercialization efforts may be significantly delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. 
 Defense of infringement claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and other employee resources from our business, and may impact our reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be enjoined from further developing or commercializing our infringing product candidates or other technologies. In addition, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties, and/or redesign our infringing product candidates or technologies, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates or other technologies, which could harm our business significantly. 
 Engaging in litigation to defend against third parties alleging that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their patents or other intellectual property rights is very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and 
 86 

continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings against us could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, or to defend against allegations of patent infringement, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensing partners, or we may be required to defend against claims of infringement. In addition, our patents or the patents of our licensing partners also may become involved in inventorship, or validity disputes. To counter or defend against such claims can be expensive and time consuming. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent in which we have an interest is invalid or unenforceable, the other party s use of our patented technology falls under the safe harbor to patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. 271(e)(1), or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we license or may own; 

our future licensors or collaborators, might not have been the first to invent the claimed inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we license in the future; 

87 

we, or our current or future licensors or collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or licensed intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our current or future pending owned or licensed patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties; 

our competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of others may harm our business; and 

we may choose not to file a patent application in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such intellectual property. 

Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating, and retaining highly qualified personnel, especially in light of a competitive hiring and compensation environment, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific, and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our leadership, including our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Arnon Rosenthal. The loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to either find suitable replacements in the event of such loss or to attract senior management personnel to fill open positions, especially in light of a highly competitive hiring and wage environment, could result in delays in the development of our product candidates and harm our business. 
 We conduct our operations at our facility in South San Francisco, California, in a region that is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high, especially in light of recent competitive hiring and wage environment, which may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. We expect that we may need to recruit talent from outside of our region and doing so may be costly and difficult. 
 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided and will continue to provide restricted stock, stock option grants, and other equity awards that vest over time. The value to employees of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. If we are unable to attract and incentivize quality personnel on acceptable terms, or at all, it may cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
 We will need to effectively manage the size and capabilities of our organization. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 273 full-time employees. As our development plans and strategies develop, we will be required to add additional managerial, operational, financial, and other personnel. We will need to 
 88 

effectively manage the size and capabilities of our organization and any future growth through significant responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, retaining, and motivating additional employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our current and future product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to collaborators and other third parties; 

expanding our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures; and 

managing increasing operational and managerial complexity. 

Our future financial performance and our ability to continue to develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. Our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to manage these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors, and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent organizations, advisors, and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop our product candidates, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, and accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, and commercialization goals. 
 We have engaged in strategic collaborations and may in the future engage in acquisitions, collaborations, or strategic partnerships, which may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 
 We have engaged in strategic collaborations in the past, such as our strategic collaborations with AbbVie, Innovent and GSK, and we may engage in various acquisitions, collaborations, and strategic partnerships in the future, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies, or businesses. Any acquisition, collaboration, or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

volatility with respect to the financial reporting related to such arrangements, such as our expected variability in the recognition of revenue each quarter from the AbbVie and GSK Agreement based on the percentage-of-completion basis under the applicable accounting rules; 

assumption of indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

potential goodwill impairment resulting from such acquisitions; 

issuance of our equity securities which would result in dilution to our stockholders; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property, products, and product candidates of an acquired company by our partners, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such an acquisition, collaboration or strategic partnership; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

89 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; that may impact their ability to fulfill their obligations under such transaction; 

risks that the other party to such a transaction may exercise its rights under the applicable agreement in a way that negatively impacts us; and 

our inability to generate revenue from acquired or partnered intellectual property, technology, and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives or even to offset the associated transaction and maintenance costs. 

In addition, if we undertake such a transaction, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses, and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer other breakdowns, cyberattacks, or information security breaches that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such systems and data, result in material disruptions of our development programs and business operations, risk disclosure of confidential, financial, or proprietary information, and affect our reputation. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our future CROs and other contractors and consultants may be vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, especially as certain of our employees have engaged in remote or hybrid work as a result of, or after, the COVID-19 pandemic, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. Such attacks could include the use of key loggers or other harmful and virulent malware, including ransomware or other denials of service, and can be deployed through malicious websites, the use of social engineering, and/or other means. If a breakdown, cyberattack, or other information security breach were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a misappropriation of confidential information, including our intellectual property or financial information, and a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing, or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on third-party research institution collaborators and CROs for research and development of our product candidates and other third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential, financial, or proprietary information, including data related to our personnel, we could incur liability or risk disclosure of confidential, financial, or proprietary information, and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. There can be no assurance that we and our business counterparties will be successful in efforts to detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. 
 Business disruptions, including as a result of global pandemics, could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations, and those of our collaborators, CROs, CDMOs, suppliers, and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to pandemic events and other events beyond our control, such as the spread of disease, earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, political unrest, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are either totally or partly uninsured. In addition, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research and development of our product candidates, and they may be affected by government shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster, global pandemics, or other business interruption. 
 90 

The majority of our operations including our corporate headquarters are located in a facility in South San Francisco, California. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate, development, or research facilities due to fire, natural disaster, global pandemics, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry, earthquakes or other events could cause us to cease or delay development of some or all of our product candidates. Although we maintain property damage and business interruption insurance coverage on these facilities, our insurance might not cover all losses under such circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption. 
 Our business is subject to economic, political, regulatory, and other risks associated with international operations. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Some of our CDMOs and clinical trial sites, for example are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 
 economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular in non-U.S. economies and markets; 

differing and changing regulatory requirements in non-U.S. countries; 

challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 

difficulties in compliance with non-U.S. laws and regulations; 

changes in non-U.S. regulations and customs, tariffs, and trade barriers; 

changes in non-U.S. currency exchange rates and currency controls; 

changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic environment; 

shipping of biologics/drugs; 

trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, or other restrictive actions by U.S. or non-U.S. governments; 

negative consequences from changes in tax laws; (including the provisions of the recently enacted federal tax legislation titled the Inflation Reduction Act); 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 

difficulties associated with staffing and managing international operations, including differing labor relations; 

potential liability under the FCPA, UK Bribery Act, or comparable foreign laws; and 

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods, droughts, extreme temperatures, and fires. 

These and other risks associated with our planned international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain profitable operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately 40.3 million and 203.5 million, respectively. Federal NOL carryforwards have an indefinite life and deductions cannot exceed 80 of taxable income. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383, annual use of the Company s net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event that a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within a three-year period. As a result of our initial public 
 91 

offering in February 2019 and follow-on public offering in January 2020, and other transactions that have occurred since our incorporation, we may have experienced such an ownership change. We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are outside our control. As a result, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitation. In addition, the enacted legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA), as amended by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 (CARES Act), also provides that NOLs from tax years that began after December 31, 2017 may offset no more than 80 of current taxable income annually for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. Our NOLs may also be subject to limitations under state law. 
 Changes in tax laws or in their implementation or interpretation may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 We are or may become subject to income and non-income taxes in the United States under federal, state, and local jurisdictions and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without advance notice. For example, on January 1, 2022, a provision of the TCJA went into effect that eliminates the option to deduct domestic research and development costs in the year incurred and instead requires taxpayers to amortize such costs over five years for domestic costs and 15 years for foreign costs. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact. Also, the United States recently enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which introduced a 15 minimum tax on book income and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks. Changes in tax laws (including provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act), regulations, or rulings, changes in interpretations of existing laws and regulations, or changes in accounting principles could negatively or materially affect our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 The market price of our common stock may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 Although our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock will trade. It is possible that in one or more future periods our results of operations and progression of our product pipeline may not meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and, as a result of these and other factors, the price of our common stock may fall. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate or decline include: 
 the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; 

the timing and results of clinical trials for our current product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop; 

commencement or termination of collaborations for our product development and research programs; 

failure to achieve development, regulatory, or commercialization milestones under our collaborations; 

failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs; 

results of preclinical studies, clinical trials, or regulatory approvals of product candidates of our competitors, or announcements about new research programs or product candidates of our competitors; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents, or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the level of expenses related to any of our research programs, clinical development programs, or product candidates that we may develop; 

the results of our efforts to develop additional product candidates or products; 

92 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines, or recommendations by securities analysts; 

announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

sales of our common stock by us, our insiders, or other stockholders, such as if we use our at-the-market facility; 

expiration of market standoff or lock-up agreements; 

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our stock; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, political, industry, and market conditions, including a rising rate of inflation or a period of economic recession; and 

the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors, such as inflationary concerns, may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts covering our business cease to cover us or downgrade their evaluations of our stock or if we fail to meet their operating results estimates for us, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amount of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 Certain holders of shares of our common stock have rights, subject to conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradeable in the public market, subject to the restrictions of Rule 144 in the case of our affiliates. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our common stock. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances, and licensing arrangements. We, and indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the 
 93 

cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future offerings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell, or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We plan to file an omnibus shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which, upon becoming effective, will permit us to issue up to 400 million in common stock, other equity securities and/or debt securities. Additionally, any future collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in the near term but limit our potential cash flow and revenue in the future. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our outstanding stock and their respective affiliates beneficially own 50.2 percentage of our outstanding common stock as of February 21, 2023. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, may significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that our other stockholders may believe is in their best interests. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the board of directors or management. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant additional costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform, and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of NASDAQ, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. We have hired, and expect that we will need to continue to hire, additional accounting, finance, and other personnel in connection with our becoming, and our efforts to comply with the requirements of being, a public company, and our management and other personnel have devoted and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time towards maintaining compliance with these requirements. These requirements have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that the rules and regulations applicable to us as a public company may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain director and officer liability insurance, which could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors. We are currently evaluating these rules and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 As a public company, we are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404(a), which require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires our independent auditors to attest to, and report on, this management assessment. 
 94 

The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards under the rules. During the course of its testing, our management may identify material weaknesses or deficiencies which may not be remedied in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These reporting and other obligations place significant demands on our management and administrative and operational resources, including accounting resources. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm are unable to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 
 Our operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. 
 The United States has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the annual consumer price index increase for the United States was approximately 6.5 for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022. If the inflation rate continues to increase, it will affect our expenses, such as employee compensation and research and development charges. Research and development expenses account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. Such increased charges may not be readily recoverable during the period of time that we are bringing the product candidates to market. Additionally, the United States is experiencing an acute workforce shortage, which in turn, has created a very competitive wage environment that may increase the Company s operating costs. To the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other adverse effects on the market, it may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. Investors may never obtain a return on their investment. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations. In addition, any future credit facility may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws might discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition, or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our common stock. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, our charter documents: 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II, and Class III, with each class serving staggered three-year terms; 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; 

provide that our directors may only be removed for cause; 

eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

authorize our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval; 

95 

provide our board of directors with the exclusive right to elect a director to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship; 

permit stockholders to only take actions at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders; 

require that stockholders give advance notice to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings; 

authorize our board of directors, by a majority vote, to amend the bylaws; and 

require the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 or more of the outstanding shares of common stock to amend many of the provisions described above. 

In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL), prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for the following (except for any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within 10 days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court, or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction): 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty; 

any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; and 

any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we 
 96 

may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are currently located in South San Francisco, California, where we lease approximately 105,000 square feet of office and laboratory space. The term of the lease agreement expires in May 2029, with an option to extend the term of the lease for an additional 10 years. The lease agreement also provides us a right of first offer to expand into available office space in the building. We subleased approximately 7,132 square feet of our corporate headquarters in November 2021 with a lease term that expired in December 2022. Additionally, we subleased approximately 13,150 square feet of our corporate headquarters in May 2022 with a lease term that will expire in November 2023. We also subleased approximately 9,275 square feet of our corporate headquarters in February 2023 with a lease term that will expire in January 2025. We lease approximately 18,700 square feet of additional office and laboratory space in Newark, California. We believe that these facilities will be adequate for our near-term needs. If required, we believe that suitable additional or alternative space would be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to any litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation, or other legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal fees and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 97 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ALEC. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were approximately 7 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock since our inception. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, the requirements and contractual restrictions of then-existing debt instruments, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph is not soliciting material or deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of Alector, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholder return on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. An investment of 100 is assumed to have been made in our common stock and each index on February 7, 2019 (the first day of trading of our common stock) and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. Pursuant to applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules, all values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends, however no dividends have been declared on our common stock to date. The stockholder returns shown on the graph below are based on historical results and are not necessarily indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. 
 
 98 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including those described in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company pioneering immuno-neurology, a novel therapeutic approach for the treatment of neurodegeneration. Immuno-neurology targets immune dysfunction as a root cause of multiple pathologies that are drivers of degenerative brain disorders. We are developing therapies designed to counteract these pathologies simultaneously by restoring healthy immune function to the brain. Supporting our scientific approach, our research and drug discovery platform enables us to advance a broad portfolio of product candidates, validated by human genetics, which we believe will improve the probability of technical success over shorter development timelines. As a result, we have identified over 100 immune system targets. Three product candidates, latozinemab (also referred to as AL001), AL002, and AL101 are in clinical development, and we continue to develop our research pipeline, including AL009 and AL008. We recently completed a prioritization review, focusing our development resources on our progranulin and TREM2 programs and extending our cash runway through 2025. We are advancing our clinical product candidates and research pipeline with our existing resources and in collaboration with our partners, GSK and AbbVie. 
 Our operations have been financed primarily through our collaborations with AbbVie and GSK and the issuance and sale of convertible preferred stock and of common stock upon the completion of our initial public offering (IPO) and follow-on offering. We completed our IPO in February 2019, and received 168.2 million net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. We completed a 
 99 

follow-on offering in January 2020 and received 224.5 million net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. 
 To date, we have not had any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Further, we do not expect to generate revenue from product sales until such time, if ever, that we are able to successfully complete the development and obtain marketing approval for one of our product candidates. We will continue to require additional capital to develop our product candidates and fund operations for the foreseeable future. We have incurred net losses in each year since inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate product revenue will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. Our net losses were 133.3 million, 36.3 million, and 190.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 579.7 million. Substantially all of our net losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect our expenses will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 advance product candidates through preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

pursue regulatory approval of product candidates; 

hire additional personnel; 

acquire, discover, validate, and develop additional product candidates; 

require the manufacture of supplies for our preclinical studies and clinical trials; and 

obtain, maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio. 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to do so in the near future. Our revenue to date has been primarily related to the AbbVie Agreement and GSK Agreement for the license and co-development of product candidates with those parties. We recognize revenue from the upfront payments from AbbVie over time as services are provided. We recognize revenue from the upfront payments from GSK at a point in time for a development license and over time for research and development services. Revenues for research and development services are recognized as the program costs are incurred by measuring actual costs incurred to date compared to the overall total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligation. 
 Under the terms of our AbbVie Agreement, in addition to receiving the upfront payments from AbbVie, we may also be entitled to development and regulatory milestone payments, opt-in payments for continued development after proof-of-concept for AL002, and other future payments from profit sharing or royalties after commercialization of product candidates from such program. 
 Under the terms of our GSK Agreement, we received 700 million in upfront payments, of which 500 million was received in August 2021 and 200 million was received in January 2022. In addition, we will be eligible to receive up to an additional 1.5 billion in clinical development, regulatory, and commercial launch-related milestone payments for latozinemab and AL101. Alector and GSK are jointly developing latozinemab and AL101. 
 In the United States, Alector and GSK will equally share profits and losses from commercialization of latozinemab and AL101. We may opt out of the sharing of development costs and of profit and losses from commercialization in the United States on a product-by-product basis. In such case, we will no longer conduct development or commercialization of that product and we will receive royalties on net sales of the product in the United States instead of a share of profits. Outside of the United States, GSK will be responsible for commercialization of latozinemab and AL101 for all indications, and we will be eligible for double-digit tiered royalties. 
 We expect that our revenue for the next several years will be derived primarily from the AbbVie and GSK Agreements. The balance of deferred revenue was 491.6 million as of December 31, 2022, related to the AbbVie and GSK Agreements. The deferred revenue is expected to be recognized over the research and development period of the programs through proof-of-concept for AL002 and the completion of the initial Phase 2 clinical trials for specified indications for latozinemab and AL101. 
 100 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. We record research and development expenses as incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the discovery and development of our product candidates, which include: 
 expenses incurred under agreements with third-party contract organizations, preclinical testing organizations, and consultants; 

costs related to production of clinical materials, including fees paid to contract manufacturers; 

laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for personnel engaged in research and development functions; 

costs related to the preparation of regulatory submissions; 

third-party license fees; and 

facilities and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation and amortization expense, and other supplies. 

We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. Costs for certain development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors, collaborators, and third-party service providers. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in future periods for use in research and development activities are deferred and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are then expensed as the related goods are delivered and as services are performed. 
 Specific program expenses include expenses associated with the development of our most advanced product candidates: latozinemab, which is being studied in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial, INFRONT-3, which has an ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial; AL002, which is being studied in a Phase 2 clinical trial; and AL101, for which we have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. We also have expenses related to the discovery and development of future product candidates and separately tracked expenses related to programs that we expect to move out of preclinical studies and into Phase 1 clinical trials. These expenses primarily relate to salaries and benefits, stock-based compensation, facility expenses, including depreciation, and lab consumables. 
 Where we share costs with our collaboration partners, such as in our GSK Agreement, research and development expenses may include cost sharing reimbursements from, or payments to, our partner. 
 At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, any of our product candidates. We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to developing our product candidates, as our product candidates advance into later stages of development, as we begin to conduct larger clinical trials, as we seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, and incur expenses associated with hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, for our personnel in executive, legal, finance and accounting, information technology, human resources, and other administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees paid for accounting, auditing, consulting, and tax services, insurance costs, and facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses. 
 101 

Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists of interest earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities and foreign currency transaction gains and losses incurred during the period. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

Dollar 

2022 

2021 

Change 

(In thousands) 

Collaboration revenue 

133,617 

207,085 

(73,468) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

210,418 

189,407 

21,011 

General and administrative 

61,033 

55,038 

5,995 

Total operating expenses 

271,451 

244,445 

27,006 

Loss from operations 

(137,834) 

(37,360) 

(100,474) 

Other income, net 

7,778 

1,031 

6,747 

Loss before income taxes 

(130,056) 

(36,329) 

(93,727) 

Income tax expense 

3,254 

3,254 

Net loss 

(133,310) 

(36,329) 

(96,981) 

Revenue 
 Collaboration revenue was 133.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 207.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 73.4 million was mostly due to the 173.4 million collaboration revenue recognized from the latozinemab FTD- GRN license provided as part of the GSK Agreement in 2021. This was offset by a 55.8 million net increase to collaboration revenue under the AbbVie Agreement due to changes in estimated costs to satisfy the performance obligations resulting from the termination of the AL003 program, partially offset by increases in total expected costs for the AL002 program. The decrease was also offset by 44.2 million higher revenue for GSK programs recognized over the initial Phase 2 clinical trials. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 210.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 189.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 21.0 million was driven by a 17.5 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, due to an increase in headcount and issuance of equity grants to employees. In addition, we had an 8.9 million increase for AL002 as it further progresses in clinical trials and a 5.9 million increase in facilities and other unallocated research and development expenses from additional rent expense, headcount, and other overhead costs. This was offset by a 9.6 million decrease in latozinemab mainly due to the cost sharing agreement with GSK. 
 102 

Year Ended December 31, 

Dollar 

2022 

2021 

Change 

(In thousands) 

Direct research and development expenses 

Latozinemab 

22,118 

31,689 

(9,571) 

AL101 

7,751 

6,728 

1,023 

AL002 

34,805 

25,941 

8,864 

AL044 

7,546 

9,935 

(2,389) 

Other early stage programs 

37,385 

37,740 

(355) 

Indirect research and development expenses 

Personnel related (including stock-based compensation) 

76,063 

58,519 

17,544 

Facilities and other unallocated research and development expenses 

24,750 

18,855 

5,895 

Total research and development expenses 

210,418 

189,407 

21,011 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 61.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 55.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 6.0 million was driven by a 4.9 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, due to an increase in headcount and issuance of equity grants to employees. We also had an increase of 1.1 million mainly related to information technology to support our growth. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net was 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 6.7 million was due to higher investment yields on our marketable securities compared to the prior year. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to zero for the year ended December 31, 2021. Beginning January 1, 2022, the TCJA requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize research and development expenses rather than take an immediate deduction pursuant to Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code. The increase of 3.3 million was primarily due to the impact of this new law on the cash received from the GSK Agreement. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception through December 31, 2022, our operations have been financed primarily by our collaborations with AbbVie and GSK and the issuance and sale of convertible preferred stock and of common stock upon the completion of our IPO and follow-on offering. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 712.9 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 579.7 million. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 Our primary uses of cash are to fund our operations, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures related to our programs, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. We expect our expenses to continue to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, in particular as we continue to advance our product candidates and our discovery programs. In addition, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will enable us to fund our operations and capital expenditure requirements through 2025. We have based 
 103 

this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We may also choose to seek additional financing opportunistically. We may seek to raise capital through public equity or debt financings, license agreements, collaborative agreements or other arrangements with other companies, asset sales, or through other sources of financing. We expect to need to obtain substantial additional funding in the future for our research and development activities and continuing operations. If we were unable to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; including, without limitation, our collaboration efforts with AbbVie and GSK; 

the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 

successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 

our ability to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply for our clinical trials and, if our product candidates are approved, commercial manufacturing; 

our ability to maintain our current research and development programs and establish new research and development programs; 

addition and retention of key research and development personnel; 

our efforts to enhance operational, financial, and information management systems, and hire additional personnel, including personnel to support development of our product candidates; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; 

the timing and amount of milestone and other payments we may receive under our collaboration arrangements; 

the costs and timing of regulatory approvals; 

our eventual commercialization plans for our product candidates; 

the effects of inflationary pressures; and 

the costs involved in prosecuting, defending, and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property claims. 

A change in the outcome of any of these or other variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. Furthermore, our operating plans may change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating plans. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(20,329) 

298,551 

(166,734) 

Cash used in investing activities 

(159,014) 

(49,663) 

(105,051) 

Cash provided by financing activities 

4,514 

30,295 

232,113 

Operating Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 20.3 million. This was due to the net loss of 133.3 million offset by an increase in deferred revenue of 66.4 million from the 200 million 
 104 

upfront payment received less revenue recognized. In addition, we had non-cash charges of 46.1 million for stock-based compensation. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities was 298.6 million. This was due to the net loss of 36.3 million offset by an increase in deferred revenue of 292.9 million from the 500 million upfront payment received in the third quarter of 2021 from GSK. In addition, we had non-cash charges of 40.8 million for stock-based compensation and 6.3 million for depreciation and amortization expense. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was 166.7 million. This was mainly due to the net loss of 190.2 million and the decrease in deferred revenue of 21.1 million as revenue was recognized related to the AbbVie Agreement. This was partially offset by a non-cash charges of 30.5 million for stock-based compensation and 5.9 million for depreciation and amortization expense. We also had an increase of 12.2 million in accrued liabilities and accrued clinical supply costs, which offset the cash used in operating activities. 
 Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities of 159.0 million was primarily related to the maturities of marketable securities of 402.0 million offset by purchases of marketable securities of 556.9 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities of 49.7 million was primarily related to the maturities of marketable securities of 286.3 million offset by purchases of marketable securities of 343.4 million and sales of marketable securities of 10.7 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in investing activities of 105.1 million was primarily related to the purchase of marketable securities of 506.8 million offset by the proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of 406.8 million. In addition, we used cash for the purchase of 5.0 million of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities of 4.5 million was primarily from the exercise of options to purchase common stock. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities of 30.3 million was primarily from the exercise of options to purchase common stock. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash provided by financing activities of 232.1 million was primarily from net proceeds of the issuance of 9,602,500 shares of our common stock upon the completion of a follow-on public offering. In addition, we received 6.3 million cash from the exercise of options to purchase common stock 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when control of promised goods or services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under arrangements, we perform the 
 105 

following steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligation. If it is determined that multiple performance obligations exist, the transaction price is allocated at the inception of the agreement to all identified performance obligations based on the relative standalone selling price (SSP). The relative SSP for each deliverable is estimated using external sourced evidence if it is available. If external sourced evidence is not available, we use our best estimate of the SSP for the deliverable. 
 We recognize collaboration revenue at a point in time if control of the promised good or service has been transferred to the customer. We recognize collaboration revenue over time by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation using an input measure. In order to recognize revenue over the research and development period, we measure actual costs incurred to date compared to the overall total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligation. Revenues are recognized as the program costs are incurred. We re-evaluate the estimate of expected costs to satisfy the performance obligation each reporting period and make adjustments for any significant changes. Clinical trials are expensive and can take many years to complete, and the outcome is inherently uncertain. Changes in our forecasted costs are likely to occur over time based upon changes in clinical trial procedures set forth in protocols, changes in estimates of manufacturing costs, or feedback from regulators on the design or operation of our clinical trials. We have had changes to the overall expected costs to satisfy the performance obligations from period to period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net increase to collaboration revenue under the AbbVie Agreement due to changes in estimated costs to satisfy the performance obligations resulting from the termination of the AL003 program, partially offset by increases in total expected costs for the AL002 program. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 We record accrued expenses for estimated preclinical study and clinical trial expenses. Estimates are based on the services performed pursuant to contracts with research institutions, CROs in connection with clinical studies, investigative sites in connection with clinical studies, vendors in connection with preclinical development activities, and contract manufacturing organizations in connection with the production of materials for clinical trials. Further, we accrue expenses related to clinical trials based on the level of patient enrollment and activity according to the related agreement. We monitor patient enrollment levels and related activity to the extent reasonably possible and make judgments and estimates in determining the accrued balance in each reporting period. If we underestimate or overestimate the level of services performed or the costs of these services, our actual expenses could differ from our estimates. To date, we have not experienced significant changes in our estimates of preclinical studies and clinical trial accruals. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation is measured at the date of grant, based on the estimated fair value of the award and recognized as expense over the employee s requisite service period (usually the vesting period). We estimate the grant date fair value for options to purchase common stock, and the resulting stock-based compensation, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of highly subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 
 Expected Term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term was derived by using the simplified method which uses the midpoint between the average vesting term and the contractual expiration period of the stock-based award. 
 Expected Volatility We have limited information on the volatility of our stock as shares of our common stock were not actively traded on any public markets prior to February 7, 2019. The expected volatility was derived from the historical stock volatilities of comparable peer public companies within our industry. These companies are considered to be comparable to our business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock-based awards. In 2020, we began giving weight to our own historical volatility in the determination of expected volatility. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the measurement date with maturities approximately equal to the expected term. 
 106 

Expected Dividend The expected dividend rate is zero because we have not historically paid and do not expect for the foreseeable future to pay a dividend on our common stock. 
 Stock-based compensation associated with RSUs is based on the fair value of our common stock on the grant date, which equals the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. We recognize expense over the vesting period of the awards. Expense for options and RSUs are recognized on a straight-line basis. 
 We also granted RSUs with market conditions to certain executives. The fair value of the RSUs with market conditions are estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include the stock price on grant date, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, expected stock volatility, and the estimated period to achieve the market condition. The expense is recognized based on continued employment of the participants, regardless of achievement of the market condition. Expense related to the RSUs with market conditions is recognized using the accelerated attribution method. 
 We account for forfeitures as they occur for all awards. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivities. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital to fund our operations. We also seek to maximize income from our investments without assuming significant risk. To achieve our objectives, we maintain a portfolio of investments in a variety of securities of high credit quality and generally short-term duration, invested in compliance with our policy. 
 We had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 712.9 million as of December 31, 2022, which consisted primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and short-term government marketable securities. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk; however, historical fluctuations in interest income have not been significant for us. Due to the generally short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and marketable securities, and the low risk profile of our marketable securities, an immediate 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would cause a change in fair value of approximately 2.6 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our expenses are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we have entered into a limited number of contracts with vendors for research and development services with payments denominated in foreign currencies, including the Euro. We are subject to foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our contracts denominated in foreign currencies. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements, and we have not had a formal hedging program with respect to foreign currency. A 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 107 

Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 ALECTOR, INC. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 108 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 110 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 111 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 112 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 113 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 114 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alector, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alector, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our 
 108 

opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Matter 
 The Company recorded collaboration revenue of 133.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As described in Note 2, collaboration revenue is recognized by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligations using an input measure. In order to recognize collaboration revenue over the research and development period, the Company measures actual costs incurred to date compared to the overall total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligations. Revenues are recognized as the program costs are incurred . Auditing collaboration revenue was challenging as it involves assessing highly judgmental estimates with respect to the Company s determination of the total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligations. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls that address the identified risks related to the Company's process used to determine total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligations, including management s controls over updates to the budget for the relevant research and development programs. To test collaboration revenue, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the Company s estimated costs to satisfy the performance obligations, as well as assessing management s updates to the budget for the relevant research and development programs. We also tested a sample of expenses recorded to the development program, evaluated the historical accuracy of management s budget estimates for the relevant research and development programs, and inquired of Company personnel directly involved with supervising the development programs. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 109 

A LECTOR , I NC . 
 Consolidated Ba lance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Receivable from collaboration partner 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued clinical supply costs 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, long-term portion 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 110 

A LECTOR , I NC . 
 Consolidated Statements of Oper ations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Collaboration revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 111 

ALECTOR, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance December 31, 2019 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon follow-on public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Exercise of stock options 

Purchase of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Forfeiture of restricted common stock 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Purchase of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Forfeiture of restricted common stock 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Purchase of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Forfeiture of restricted common stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 112 

A LECTOR , I NC . 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on marketable securities 

() 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Impairment loss on right-of-use assets 

Loss from disposal of property and equipment, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivable from collaboration partner 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued liabilities and accrued clinical supply costs 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 

() 

Sale of marketable securities 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon public offerings, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from the exercise of options to purchase common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of stock from employee stock purchase plan 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Property and equipment purchases included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 113 

shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, including shares sold pursuant to the underwriters full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, resulting in aggregate net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering costs. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

credit-related losses recognized for the periods presented. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. The amortized cost of securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. In accordance with our investment policy, management invests in money market funds, U.S. treasury securities, corporate bonds, and commercial paper. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of their useful lives or the remaining life of the lease. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the consolidated balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations in the period realized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to the consolidated statements of operations as incurred. 
 t recognize an impairment loss on its right-of-use assets. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a million impairment loss related to its decision to no longer utilize certain property through the end of the lease term. 

recorded cumulative net losses in prior periods, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. The Company records uncertain tax positions using a two-step process. First, the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position. Second, for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the interest expense line and other expense line, respectively, in the accompanying statements of operations. To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 of their eligible compensation up to the annual maximum as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company s contributions to the plan are discretionary. For the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020, the Company made matching contributions of million, million, and million, respectively. 

118 

U.S. government treasury securities 
 
 Level 1 

() 

Commercial paper 
 
 Level 2 

() 

Corporate bonds 
 
 Level 2 

() 

Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Market Value 

(In thousands) 

Money market funds 
 
 Level 1 

U.S. government treasury securities 
 
 Level 1 

() 

Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 

() 

The Company s Level 2 securities are valued using third-party pricing sources. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models for which all significant inputs are observable. The Company classifies marketable securities available to fund current operations as current assets. As of December 31, 2022 , the remaining contractual maturities of million of investments were less than one year and million of investment were after one year through two years. As of December 31, 2022, fifteen U.S. government treasury securities with an aggregate fair value of million and an aggregate unrealized loss of million were in a loss position for more than twelve months. The Company does not intend to sell the investments that are currently in an unrealized loss position, and it is highly unlikely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. The Company did not sell any marketable securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company sold marketable securities for the total proceeds of million for an immaterial realized gain based on the specific identification method. 

 . Under the terms of the GSK Agreement, the Company received million in upfront payments, of which million was received in August 2021 and million was received in January 2022. In addition, based on the development and commercialization plan for latozinemab and AL101, the Company may be eligible to receive up to an additional billion in clinical development, regulatory, and commercial launch-related milestone payments. In the United States, the Company and GSK will equally share profits and losses from commercialization of latozinemab and AL101. Outside of the United States, the Company will be eligible for double-digit tiered royalties. The Company and GSK will jointly develop latozinemab and AL101, with GSK conducting Phase 3 clinical trials for Alzheimer s disease and Parkinson s disease and other non-orphan indications. The Company and GSK will share development costs by GSK and by the Company, except that the Company will solely bear the development costs of the initial Phase 2 clinical trials under the development plan, and the parties will share manufacturing development costs equally. The Company concluded that the GSK Agreement is within the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements, as both parties are active participants in the activities and are exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the success of the commercialization of AL001 and AL101. Certain elements are required to be accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers, where the counterparty is a customer for a good or service that is a distinct unit of account. The Company determined that the distinct performance obligations under ASC 606 consisted of: (i) license and know-how to AL001 FTD- GRN , which is currently in Phase 3 clinical development and (ii) the research and development activities, including license rights and know-how, relating to products in Phase 2 or earlier stages of development. The transaction price at inception and as of December 31, 2022, included fixed consideration consisting of the upfront payments of million. All potential future milestones and other payments were considered constrained at the inception of the GSK Agreement and as of December 31, 2022, since the Company could not conclude it was probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized would not occur. The respective standalone value for each of the performance obligations was allocated to the transaction price. The estimated SSP of each performance obligation was determined using discounted cash flows from the expected commercialization of AL001 and AL101 and estimated research and development costs to be incurred by the Company in the initial Phase 2 clinical trials. The estimate of SSP for each performance obligation reflects management's assumptions, which may include forecasted revenues, development timelines, discount rates, and probabilities of technical and regulatory success. For the license for FTD- GRN , the Company determined that GSK could benefit from the license at the time the license was granted and therefore, the related performance obligation was satisfied at a point in time. For the product candidates in Phase 2 or earlier stages of development, the Company determined that GSK could not benefit from the licenses without the corresponding development services that the Company has committed to perform due the earlier stage of development for these licenses. Except where agreed to otherwise, the Company will perform research and development activities through the end of the initial Phase 2 clinical trials. Revenue will be recognized over time as the research and development activities are performed. The Company will measure progress based on actual costs incurred to date compared to the overall total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligations. The research and development activities for products in Phase 3 clinical development were determined to be within the scope of ASC 808. Both parties will be active participants in the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of the product and are exposed to significant risks and rewards that are dependent on the commercial success of the products. The Company and GSK participate in profit and loss sharing for each program commensurate with each party's cost-sharing responsibilities during research and development. ASC 808 does not provide recognition and measurement guidance. As such, the Company determined that ASC 730, Research and Development, was appropriate to analogize to based on the nature of the cost-sharing provision of the agreement. The Company has concluded that payments to or reimbursements from GSK related to these services will be accounted for as an increase to or reduction of research and development expenses, respectively. Collaboration revenue under the GSK Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. The deferred revenue related to the GSK Agreement was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The deferred revenue is expected to be recognized over the research and development period of the programs through the completion of initial Phase 2 clinical trials. Costs associated with co-development activities performed under the agreement are included in research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations, with any reimbursement of costs by GSK reflected as a reduction of such expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a reduction of research and development expense of million and million, respectively, under the GSK Agreement. AbbVie The Company entered into an agreement in October 2017 with AbbVie Biotechnology, Ltd. (AbbVie) to co-develop antibodies to two program targets in preclinical development (AbbVie Agreement). Under the terms of the AbbVie Agreement, AbbVie made million in upfront payments, of which million and million were received by the Company in October 2017 and January 2018, respectively. The Company was to perform research and development services for the two programs through the end of Phase 2 clinical trials, which were each considered to be separate performance obligations. AbbVie decided to terminate one of the two collaboration programs, the CD33 collaboration program, after AbbVie and Alector collaboratively reviewed next steps for AL003, the asset being developed under that program, and concluded that further development of AL003 was not warranted. AbbVie provided written notice to terminate the CD33 collaboration program on June 30, 2022. The Company will no longer continue development of this program and will not be eligible for any future milestones related to that program from AbbVie. The Company continues to develop the AL002 program under the AbbVie Agreement. AbbVie has the exclusive right to exercise an option under the AbbVie Agreement with the Company for million. If AbbVie exercises its option for the AL002 program, AbbVie would take over the development beginning with Phase 3 clinical trials, and the product candidates program costs will be split between the parties. The Company would also share in profits and losses upon commercialization of any products. However, following AbbVie s exercise of its option for the AL002 program, the Company may opt out of sharing in development costs and profits or losses for that program and instead receive tiered royalties. In February 2023, the Company and AbbVie amended the AbbVie agreement, which will result in the Company receiving a million milestone payment for the dosing of the first patient in a long-term extension study. Additionally, under the terms of the AbbVie Agreement, the Company will be eligible to earn up to an additional million in milestone payments related to the regulatory approval for up to three indications. The Company assessed its collaboration agreement with AbbVie in the context of the delivery of the research and development services. The transaction price at inception and as of December 31, 2022, included fixed consideration consisting of the upfront payments of million. All potential future milestones and other payments were considered constrained at the inception of the AbbVie Agreement and as of December 31, 2022, since the Company could not conclude it was probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized would not occur. Collaboration revenue under the AbbVie Agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The deferred revenue related to the AbbVie Agreement was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deferred revenue is expected to be recognized over the research and development period of the programs through the AL002 program through the completion of Phase 2 clinical trials. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net increase to collaboration revenue under the AbbVie Agreement due to changes in estimated costs to satisfy the performance obligations resulting from the termination of the AL003 program, partially offset by increases in total expected costs for the AL002 program. Innovent The Company entered into an agreement in March 2020 with Innovent Biologics (Innovent) to license, develop, and commercialize AL008 in China (Innovent Agreement). AL008 is the Company s novel antibody targeting the CD47-SIRP-alpha pathway, a potent survival pathway co-opted by tumors to evade the innate immune system. Under the terms of the Innovent Agreement, Innovent would pay the Company up to million in development milestones, million in sales milestones, and future royalties on sales and the Company would retain the rights to develop and commercialize AL008 outside of China. The Company determined there is one performance obligation for the delivery of the license and will recognize revenue when it is probable that there will not be significant reversal of cumulative revenue. Development and sales milestones under the Innovent Agreement were not included in the transaction price, as all these amounts were fully constrained as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , revenue has been recognized and no payments have been received under the Innovent Agreement. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Lab Equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued employee compensation 

Accrued professional services 

Accrued property and equipment 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

square feet in office and laboratory space in South San Francisco which serves as the Company s headquarters (the Headquarters ). with an option to renew for a period of . The landlord paid for million of tenant improvements. In connection with the lease, the Company entered into a letter of credit arrangement in the amount of million as collateral for the lease, which is classified as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets. square feet of office and laboratory space in Newark, California. The lease term ends on with an option to extend for an additional . The landlord is obligated to pay for up to million of tenant improvements. The measurement of the lease liabilities for the leases excludes the options to extend the term of the lease as such extensions are not reasonably certain to occur. Variable lease costs for all of the Company s leases consist of operating expenses for the spaces. In May 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to sublease approximately square feet of the Headquarters (the Sublease ), which was amended to approximately square feet in December 2020. The Sublease expired in . The sublessee pays its proportionate share of operating expenses for the space. In November 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to sublease approximately square feet of the Headquarters, which was amended in May 2022 to include an additional space of square feet. The 7,132 square feet of space subleased expired in and the additional space will expire in . 

Variable lease cost 

Sublease income and reimbursement of variable lease cost 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 , the weighted-average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and the weighted-average discount rate was . Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively, was included in net cash used in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Present value adjustment 

() 

Total lease liability 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation 

Determination of Fair Value 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

The fair value of each stock option was determined by the Company using the methods and assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment and estimation by management. Expected Term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term was derived by using the simplified method which uses the midpoint between the average vesting term and the contractual expiration period of the stock-based award. Expected Volatility The Company has limited information on the volatility of stock options as the shares were not actively traded on any public markets prior to February 7, 2019. The expected volatility was derived from the historical stock volatilities of comparable peer public companies within its industry. These companies are considered to be comparable to the Company s business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock-based awards. In 2020, the Company began giving weight to in its own historical volatility in the determination of expected volatility. Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term. Expected Dividend Rate The expected dividend is zero as the Company has not paid nor does it anticipate paying any dividends on its common stock underlying its stock options in the foreseeable future. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and 2022 Inducement Plan On February 6, 2019, the Company adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (2019 Plan) under which the Board may issue incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, and performance shares to the Company s employees, directors, and consultants. The Company s 2017 Stock Option and Grant Plan (2017 Plan) was terminated; however, shares subject to awards granted under it will continue to be governed by the 2017 Plan. Shares reserved for issuance but not issued pursuant to, or not subject to, awards granted under the 2017 Plan were added to the available shares in the 2019 Plan. Shares subject to awards granted under the 2017 Plan that are repurchased by, or forfeited to, the Company will also be reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The board of directors, or a committee appointed by the board of directors, has the authority to determine to whom options or shares will be granted, the number of shares, the term, and the exercise price. If an individual owns stock representing or more of the outstanding shares, the exercise price of each share shall be at least of the fair market value and the term of the award shall not exceed . All other options granted under the 2019 Plan must have an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value on the date of grant and have a term not to exceed . The stock options generally vest over a period with one forty-eighth of the shares vesting each month or over a four-year period with vesting at the cliff and monthly thereafter. The RSUs generally vest over a period of three years with one-twelfth of the shares vesting quarterly. On January 1, 2022, the Company added shares to the shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had reserved shares of the automatic conversion provision of common stock under the 2019 Plan, of which shares were available for issuance of future awards. On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted the 2022 Inducement Plan (Inducement Plan) and reserved shares for issuance under the Inducement Plan for the grant of equity-based awards to individuals who were not previously employees or non-employee directors of the Company. On September 22, 2022, the Company increased the number of shares available for issuance under the 2022 Inducement Plan to a total of shares. As of December 31, 2022 , shares were available for issuance of future awards under the Inducement Plan. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for stock options that were in-the-money. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of options granted was , , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested stock options was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a remaining weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Activity In May 2021 and January 2022, the Company issued RSUs with market conditions to certain executives, which are also included in the table below. The RSUs with market conditions are earned based on stock price performance and continued service by the employee. The RSUs with market conditions trigger vesting upon the company's stock price attaining a specified level over a specified period of time. The shares then vest quarterly over one year after attainment. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of the awards at the grant date. The Monte Carlo model uses the fair value inputs on the grant date to run simulations and take an average of possible outcomes. The total grant date fair value of the RSUs with market condition was million to be amortized over an estimated weighted average service period of years. Compensation expense related to awards with market-based conditions is recognized regardless of whether the market condition is ultimately satisfied if the related service has been provided. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested restricted common stock issued to employees was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a remaining weighted-average period of years. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2019 ESPP) enables eligible employees of the Company to purchase shares of common stock at a discount. Each offering period is approximately long beginning on the first trading day on or after June 1 and December 1 each year. ESPP participants purchase shares of common stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of (1) the fair market value per share of the common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or (2) the fair market value of the common stock on the purchase date. On January 1, 2022, shares were added to the shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 ESPP pursuant to the annual automatic increase. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million in unrecognized compensation expense related to the 2019 ESPP to be recognized over five months. 

State 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

State income taxes 

() 

() 

Tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax provision 

Accrued bonus 

Tax credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liability 

Section 174 R D capitalization 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Evaluating the need for a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets often requires judgment and analysis of all the positive and negative evidence available, including cumulative losses in recent years and projected future taxable income, to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has utilized a full valuation allowance to offset the net deferred tax assets as the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be fully realizable. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. Federal NOL carryforwards have an indefinite life and deductions cannot exceed of taxable income. State NOL carryforwards will begin to expire as early as , if not utilized, or have an indefinite life. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company also had federal and California tax credit carryforward of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal tax credits will begin to expire in while the California tax credits have no expiration date. Generally, utilization of the NOL carryforwards and credits may be subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by Section 382, which provides for limitations on NOL carryforwards and certain built-in losses following ownership changes, and Section 383, which provides for special limitations on certain excess credits, etc., of the Code, and similar state provisions. Accordingly, the Company s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards may be limited as the result of such an ownership change. The carryforwards could be subject to an annual limitation, resulting in a reduction in the gross deferred tax assets before considering the valuation allowance. Further, a portion of the carryforwards may expire before being applied to reduce future earnings. The Company is not aware of any changes in ownership that would result in material limitations under Section 382 at this time. 

Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior year 

() 

Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

If the unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022, is recognized, there will be no impact to the effective tax rate as the tax benefit would increase the net deferred tax assets, which is currently offset with a full valuation allowance. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, within the provision for taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not accrue any interest or penalties and does not have any tax positions for interest or penalties for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company does not have any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within 12 months of December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded an uncertain tax position of million and million, respectively. The income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included a reversal of reserves on uncertain tax provisions of and million. The Company s income tax returns generally remain subject to examination by federal and most state tax authorities. The Company is currently not subject to any income tax audits by federal or state taxing authorities. The statute of limitations for tax liabilities for all years remains open. 

 million, million, and for milestone payments for progress of programs through clinical trials and other expenses. The Company had accrued liabilities due to Adimab as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Under the 2014 Adimab Agreement, the Company has made milestone payments and will owe low- to mid- single-digit royalty payments for commercial sales of the product candidate. Under the 2019 Adimab Agreements, the Company will owe certain milestone payments and low single-digit royalty payments for commercial sales of covered product candidates. 

Options to purchase common stock 

Shares committed under 2019 ESPP 

Total 

million milestone payment for the dosing of the first patient in a long-term extension study. 

 129 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision of and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alector, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Alector, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Alector, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 130 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 131 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement in connection with the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors, and employees, which is available on our website https://investors.alector.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview under Governance Documents. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 Information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 132 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements of Alector, Inc. are filed as part of this report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not inapplicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 

The documents listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference or are filed with this report, in each case as indicated herein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 Exhibit Title 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 8-K 
 001-38792 
 3.1 
 2/11/2019 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 
 001-38792 
 3.1 
 10/6/2020 

4.1 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated April 26, 2018. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 4.1 
 1/7/2019 

4.2 
 Specimen common stock certificate of the Registrant 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 4.2 
 1/7/2019 

4.3 
 Description of securities of the Registrant. 
 10-K 
 001-38792 
 4.3 
 2/25/2021 

10.1+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.1 
 1/7/2019 

10.2+ 
 2017 Stock Option and Grant Plan as amended and forms of agreement thereunder 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.2 
 1/7/2019 

10.3+ 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.3 
 1/7/2019 

10.4+ 
 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.4 
 1/7/2019 

10.5+ 
 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of agreement thereunder 
 8-K 
 333-229152 
 10.1 
 1//3/2022 

10.6+ 
 Confirmatory Offer Letter between the Registrant and Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D. 
 S-1/A 
 333-229152 
 10.5 
 1/29/2019 

133 

10.7+ 
 Offer Letter dated November 30, 2021 by and between Alector, LLC and Saraswati (Sara) Kenkare-Mitra, Ph.D. 
 10-K 
 001-38792 
 10.18 
 2/24/2022 

10-8+ 
 Offer Letter dated February 4, 2022 by and between Alector, LLC and Marc Grasso, M.D. 
 10-K 
 001-38792 
 10.19 
 2/24/2022 

10.9+ 
 Offer Letter dated January 31, 2022 by and between Alector, LLC and Gary Romano, M.D., Ph.D. 
 8-K 
 001-38792 
 10.1 
 03/29/2022 

10.10+ 
 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.10 
 1/7/2019 

10.11+ 
 Outside Director Compensation Policy. 

X 

10.12+ 
 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.12 
 1/7/2019 

10.13 
 Lease between the Registrant and HCP Oyster Point III, LLC, dated June 27, 2018. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.14 
 1/7/2019 

10.14# 
 Third Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement between the Registrant and Adimab, dated September 19, 2016, as amended. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.15 
 1/7/2019 

10.15# 
 Co-Development and Option Agreement between the Registrant and AbbVie Biotechnology, Ltd., dated October 16, 2017. 
 S-1 
 333-229152 
 10.16 
 1/7/2019 

10.16# 
 2019 Collaboration Agreement between the Registrant and Adimab, LLC, dated August 16, 2019. 
 10-Q 
 001-38792 
 10.17 
 11/12/2019 

10.17# 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, by and between Glaxo Wellcome UK Limited and Alector, Inc. 
 10-Q 
 001-38792 
 10.19 
 8/3/2021 

10.18# 
 Amendment Number One to the 2019 Collaboration Agreement between the Registrant and Adimab, LLC, effective August 16, 2022. 

X 

21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 10-K 
 001-38792 
 21.1 
 2/24/2022 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

X 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

X 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

134 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 Inline Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 # Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 135 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

ALECTOR, INC. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Arnon Rosenthal 

Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D. 

Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D., Sara Kenkare-Mitra, Ph.D., and Marc Grasso, M.D. as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities (including his capacity as a director and/or officer of Alector, Inc.) to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as they, he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their, his, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Arnon Rosenthal Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D. 
 Co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Marc Grasso Marc Grasso, M.D. 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Tillman Gerngross Tillman Gerngross, Ph.D. 
 Chairperson of the Board 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Elizabeth Garofalo Elizabeth Garofalo, M.D. 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Paula Hammond Paula Hammond, Ph.D. 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Louis J. Lavigne, Jr. Louis J. Lavigne, Jr. 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Terry McGuire Terry McGuire 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

136 

/s/ Richard Scheller Richard Scheller, Ph.D. 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ David Wehner David Wehner 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

/s/ Kristine Yaffe Kristine Yaffe, M.D. 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 

137 

<EX-10>
 2
 alec-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.11 

ALECTOR, INC. 
 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY 
 (As amended on March 17, 2022) 
 Alector, Inc. (the Company believes that providing cash and equity compensation to members of its Board of Directors (the Board , and members of the Board, the Directors represents an effective tool to attract, retain and reward Directors who are not employees of the Company (the Outside Directors ). This Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Policy formalizes the Company s policy regarding cash compensation and grants of equity awards to its Outside Directors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy will have the meaning given such term in the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), or if the Plan is no longer in use at the time of an equity award, the meaning given such term or any similar term in the equity plan then in place under which such equity award is granted. Each Outside Director will be solely responsible for any tax obligations incurred by such Outside Director as a result of the equity and cash payments such Outside Director receives under this Policy. 
 Subject to Section 9, this Policy will be effective as of the effective date of the registration statement in connection with the initial public offering of the Company s securities (the Registration Statement (such date, the Effective Date ). 
 1. Cash Compensation 

Annual Cash Retainer 
 Each Outside Director will be paid an annual cash retainer of 40,000. There are no per meeting attendance fees for attending Board meetings. 
 Committee Annual Cash Retainer 

As of the Effective Date, each Outside Director who serves as the chairman of the Board, the lead Outside Director, or the chair or a member of a committee of the Board will be eligible to earn additional annual fees (paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis) as follows: 

Non-Executive Chairman of the Board: 

20,000 

Lead Outside Director: 

25,000 

Chairman of Audit Committee: 

20,000 

Member of Audit Committee: 

10,000 

Chairman of Compensation Committee: 

15,000 

Member of Compensation Committee: 

75,000 

Chairman of Nominating and Governance Committee: 

10,000 

Member of Nominating and Governance Committee: 

5,000 

For clarity, each Outside Director who serves as the chair of a committee will receive only the annual fee as the chair of the committee and will not also receive the additional annual fee as a member of the committee. 
 Payment 
 Each annual cash retainer under this Policy will be paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis to each Outside Director who has served in the relevant capacity at any point during the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, and such payment shall be made no later than 30 days following the end of such immediately preceding fiscal quarter. For purposes of clarification, an Outside Director who has served as an Outside Director, as a member of an applicable committee (or chair thereof) during only a portion of the relevant Company fiscal quarter will receive a pro-rated payment of the quarterly payment of the applicable annual cash retainer(s), calculated based on the number of days during such fiscal quarter such Outside Director has served in the relevant capacities. For purposes of clarification, an Outside Director who has served as an Outside Director, as a member of an applicable committee (or chair thereof), as applicable, from the Effective Date through the end of the fiscal quarter containing the Effective Date (the Initial Period will receive a prorated payment of the quarterly payment of the applicable annual cash retainer(s), calculated based on the number of days during the Initial Period that such Outside Director has served in the relevant capacities. 
 2. Equity Compensation 

Outside Directors will be eligible to receive all types of Awards (except Incentive Stock Options, Performance Units or Performance Shares) under the Plan (or the applicable equity plan in place at the time of grant), including discretionary Awards not covered under this Policy. All grants of Awards to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 2 of this Policy will be automatic and 

nondiscretionary, except as otherwise provided herein, and will be made in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a)	 No Discretion . No person will have any discretion to select which Outside Directors will be granted any Awards under this Policy or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by such Awards. 
 (b)	 Initial Options . Subject to Section 11 of the Plan, each individual who first becomes an Outside Director following the Effective Date will be granted a nonstatutory stock option (an Initial Option having a grant date fair value of approximately 550,000. The number of options will be determined by dividing the dollar value of the grant by the Black Scholes value of a share (with the shares covered by the award rounded down to the nearest whole share). The Initial Option will be made on the first trading date on or after the date on which such individual first becomes an Outside Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the Board to fill a vacancy. If an individual was a member of the Board and also an employee, becoming an Outside Director due to termination of employment will not entitle the Outside Director to an Initial Option. Each Initial Option will vest as to 1/48 th of the Shares subject to the Initial Option on the one-month anniversary of the date the applicable Outside Director s service as an Outside Director commenced and as to 1/48 th of the Shares subject to the Initial Option each month thereafter, in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider through the applicable vesting date. Each Initial Option will become fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to a Change in Control, subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider at the time of the Change in Control. 
 (c)	 Annual Award . Subject to Section 11 of the Plan, on the date of each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders following the Effective Date (each, an Annual Meeting ), each Outside Director who, as of such annual meeting date, has served on the board as a director for at least the preceding six months, will be automatically granted a nonstatutory stock option NSOs and restricted stock units RSUs (collectively, the Annual Award having an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately 350,000. The number of NSOs will be determined by dividing the dollar value of the grant by the Black Scholes value of a Share (with the shares covered by the award rounded down to the nearest whole share). The Black Scholes factor will be averaged over the 30-days prior to the grant date of the Annual Award, as determined in accordance with the Company s then-current accounting principles. The number of RSUs will be determined by a 2:1 NSO to RSU conversation ratio. As a result, the number of Shares subject to the RSUs will be one half of the number of Shares that would be subject to the NSOs granted on the same date. Accordingly, the value of the Annual Award will be split equally (50 -50 between NSOs and RSUs. 
 Each Annual Option Award will vest on as to 1/12 th of the Shares subject to the Annual Option each month after the date the Annual Option is granted, provided that the Annual Option will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant, or (ii) the date of the next regularly scheduled Annual Meeting, in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider through the applicable vesting date. Each Annual Option will become fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to a Change in Control, subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider. 

Each Annual RSU Award will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant, or (ii) the date of the next regularly scheduled Annual Meeting, in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider through the applicable vesting date. Each Annual Option will become fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to a Change in Control, subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider. 
 (d)	 Additional Terms of Initial Options and NSOs . The terms and conditions of each Initial Option and NSOs will be as follows: 
 (i)	The term of each Initial Option and NSOs will be ten years, subject to earlier termination as provided in the Plan. 
 (ii)	Each Initial Option and NSOs will have an exercise price per Share equal to 100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the grant date. 
 (e)	 Value . For purposes of this Policy, Value means the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles), or such other methodology the Board may determine prior to the grant of the Initial Option or Annual Award becoming effective, as applicable. 
 3. Change in Control 

In the event of a Change in Control, each Outside Director will fully vest in his or her outstanding Company equity awards, including any Initial Option or Annual Award, provided that the Outside Director continues to be an Outside Director through such date. 
 4. Annual Compensation Limit 

No Outside Director may be paid, issued or granted, in any fiscal year, cash compensation and Awards with an aggregate value greater than 750,000, increased to 1,000,000 in the fiscal year of his or her initial service as an Outside Director (with the value of each Award based on its Grant Value for purposes of the limitation under this Section 4). Any cash compensation paid or Awards granted to an individual for his or her services as an Employee, or for his or her services as a Consultant (other than as an Outside Director), will not count for purposes of the limitation under this Section 4. 
 5. Travel Expenses 

Each Outside Director s reasonable, customary and documented travel expenses to Board meetings will be reimbursed by the Company. 
 6. Additional Provisions 

All provisions of the Plan not inconsistent with this Policy will apply to Awards granted to Outside Directors. 

7. Adjustments 

In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Policy, will adjust the number of Shares issuable pursuant to Awards granted under this Policy. 
 8. Section 409A 

In no event will cash compensation or expense reimbursement payments under this Policy be paid after the later of (i) the 15th day of the 3rd month following the end of the Company s fiscal year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable, or (ii) the 15th day of the 3rd month following the end of the calendar year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable, in compliance with the short-term deferral exception under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the final regulations and guidance thereunder, as may be amended from time to time (together, Section 409A ). It is the intent of this Policy that this Policy and all payments hereunder be exempt from or otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the compensation to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or comply. In no event will the Company reimburse an Outside Director for any taxes imposed or other costs incurred as a result of Section 409A. 
 9. Revisions 

The Board may amend, alter, suspend or terminate this Policy at any time and for any reason. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of this Policy will materially impair the rights of an Outside Director with respect to compensation that already has been paid or awarded, unless otherwise mutually agreed between the Outside Director and the Company. Termination of this Policy will not affect the Board s or the Compensation Committee s ability to exercise the powers granted to it under the Plan with respect to Awards granted under the Plan pursuant to this Policy prior to the date of such termination. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 alec-ex10_18.htm
 EX-10.18

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.18 
 
 Certain information has been excluded from this agreement because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 
 AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE 
 to the 
 2019 COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment Number One (this Amendment ), effective as of August 16, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ), amends the 2019 Collaboration Agreement (the Agreement dated August 16, 2019, by and between Adimab, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having an address at 7 Lucent Drive, Lebanon, NH 03766 Adimab ), and Alector LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having an address at 131 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94080 (hereinafter Alector ). Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 Background 
 Whereas, the Parties would like to extend the Target Nomination Period on the terms set forth within; 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, Adimab and Alector hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Section 1.78 Target Nomination Period of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

1.78	 Target Nomination Period means the term beginning on the Effective Date and ending on [ ]. 
 
 2. Section 1.34 FTE Rate of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

1.34	 FTE Rate means [ ] per FTE. 
 
 3. All other terms of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the Parties have by duly authorized persons executed this Agreement as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 Alector LLC:		Adimab, LLC : 
 
 By: /s/ Arnon Rosenthal	 	By: /s/ Philip Chase	 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer	 	Title: Chief Executive Officer	 
 Date: 2/23/2023	 	Date: 2/9/2023	 

Certain information has been excluded from this agreement because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 4
 alec-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-238230) of Alector, Inc., 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Forms S-8 No. 333-237369, No. 333-253524 and No. 333-262990) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Alector, Inc., and 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261968 and No. 333-267597) pertaining to the 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan of Alector, Inc.; 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Alector, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Alector, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Alector, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Mateo, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 alec-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Arnon Rosenthal, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alector, Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Arnon Rosenthal 

Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 alec-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc Grasso, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alector, Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and	 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.	 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Marc Grasso 

Marc Grasso, M.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 alec-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alector, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) 	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) 	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Arnon Rosenthal 

Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 alec-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alector, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) 	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) 	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Marc Grasso 

Marc Grasso, M.D. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 31
 alec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 32
 alec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 33
 alec-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 34
 alec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 35
 alec-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

