<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1038773_0001558370-23-004042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32514150</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3074912</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14028791</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4100779</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9756597</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004042.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316170108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMARTFINANCIAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001038773
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				621173944
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37661
		FILM NUMBER:		23739628

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 KINGSTON PIKE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			KNOXVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37919
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-290-2554

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 KINGSTON PIKE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			KNOXVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37919

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORNERSTONE BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EAST RIDGE BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004042.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 smbk-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For transition period from __________ to __________ Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 1.00 Par Value Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If emerging growth company, indicate by check market if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million. As of March 08, 2023, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 1.00 par value. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item No. Page No. PART I 5 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 5 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 22 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 36 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 36 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 37 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 37 PART II 37 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 37 ITEM 6. RESERVED 39 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 39 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 56 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 59 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 126 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 126 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 127 ITEM 9C . DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 127 PART III 127 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 127 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 127 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 127 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 128 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 128 PART IV 128 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 128 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 132 SIGNATURES 133 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SmartFinancial, Inc. SmartFinancial or the Company may, from time to time, make written or oral statements, including statements contained in this report and information incorporated by reference herein (including, without limitation, certain statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7), that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. Any statements that do not relate to historical or current facts or matters are forward-looking statements. You can identify some of the forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words (and their derivatives), such as may, will, could, project, believe, anticipate, expect, estimate, continue, potential, plan, forecast, and the like, the negatives of such expressions, or the use of the future tense. Statements concerning current conditions may also be forward-looking if they imply a continuation of a current condition. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, financial condition, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the impact of current and future economic and market conditions generally (including seasonality) and in the financial services industry, nationally and within our primary market areas (particularly Tennessee), including the effects of inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates, slowdowns in economic growth, and the potential for high unemployment rates, as well as the financial stress on borrowers and changes to customer and client behavior (including the velocity of loan repayment) and credit risk as a result of the foregoing; the risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits (as well as the cost of, and competition for, deposits), loan demand, liquidity and the values of loan collateral, securities and market fluctuations, and interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities; the possibility that our asset quality would decline or that we experience greater loan losses than anticipated; the impact of liquidity needs on our results of operations and financial condition; competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers; the impact of negative developments in the financial industry and U.S. and global capital and credit markets; the impact of recently enacted and future legislation and regulation on our business; weakness in the real estate market, including the secondary residential mortgage market, which can affect, among other things, the value of collateral securing mortgage loans, mortgage loan originations and delinquencies, profits on sales of mortgage loans, and the value of mortgage servicing rights; risks associated with our growth strategy, including a failure to implement our growth plans or an inability to manage our growth effectively; claims and litigation arising from our business activities and from the companies we acquire, which may relate to contractual issues, environmental laws, fiduciary responsibility, and other matters; the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including our ability to continue to identify acquisition targets, successfully acquire and integrate desirable financial institutions and realize expected revenues and revenue synergies; cyber attacks, computer viruses or other malware that may breach the security of our websites or other systems we operate or rely upon for services to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage our systems and negatively impact our operations and our reputation in the market, including as a result of increased remote working; results of examinations by our primary regulators, the Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions (the TDFI ), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ), and other regulatory authorities, including the possibility that any such regulatory authority may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, write-down assets, require us to reimburse customers, change the way we do business, or limit or eliminate certain other banking activities; government intervention in the U.S. financial system and the effects of and changes in trade and monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve as well as legislative, tax and regulatory changes that impact the money supply and inflation and the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to pay dividends at current levels, or at all, because of inadequate future earnings, regulatory restrictions or limitations, and changes in the composition of qualifying regulatory capital and minimum capital requirements; the relatively greater credit risk of commercial real estate loans and construction and land development loans in our loan portfolio; our ability to maintain expenses in line with current projections; unanticipated credit deterioration in our loan portfolio or higher than expected loan losses within one or more segments of our loan portfolio; unexpected significant declines in the loan portfolio due to the lack of economic expansion, increased competition, large prepayments, changes in regulatory lending guidance or other factors; unanticipated loan delinquencies, loss of collateral, decreased service revenues, and other potential negative effects on our business caused by severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events; changes in expected income tax expense or tax rates, including changes resulting from revisions in tax laws, regulations and case law; our ability to retain the services of key personnel; uncertainty related to the transition away from the London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR ; the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; potential increases in the provision for loan losses resulting from the implementation of ASU 2016-13 Current Expected Credit Loss CECL political instability, acts of God, or of war or terrorism, natural disasters, including in the Company s footprint, health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics, or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions; risks related to environmental, social and governance ESG strategies and initiatives, the scope and pace of which could alter our reputation and shareholder, associate, customer and third-party affiliations; and the impact of Tennessee s anti-takeover statutes and certain of our charter provisions on potential acquisitions of us. 
 For a more detailed discussion of some of the risk factors, see the section entitled Risk Factors below. We do not intend to update any factors, except as required by Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules, or to publicly announce revisions to any of our forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date that such statement was made. You should consider any forward looking statements in light of this explanation, and we caution you about relying on forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW SmartFinancial, Inc. SmartFinancial or the Company was incorporated on September 19, 1983, under the laws of the State of Tennessee. SmartFinancial is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Company makes our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act available free of charge on our website at www.smartbank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC. These reports are also available without charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The primary activity of SmartFinancial is the ownership and operation of SmartBank (the Bank ). As a bank holding company, SmartFinancial intends to facilitate SmartBank s ability to provide financial services to its customers. The holding company structure also provides flexibility for expansion through the possible acquisition of other financial institutions and the provision of additional banking-related services, as well as certain non-banking services, which a traditional commercial bank may not provide under present laws. SmartBank SmartBank is a Tennessee-chartered commercial bank established in 2007 with its principal office in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. The principal business of the Bank consists of attracting deposits from the general public and investing those funds, together with funds generated from operations and from principal and interest payments on loans, primarily in commercial loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, leases, consumer loans and residential and commercial construction loans. Funds not invested in the loan and lease portfolio are invested by the Bank primarily in obligations of the U.S. Government, U.S. Government agencies, and various states and their political subdivisions. In addition to deposits, sources of funds for the Bank s loans and leases and other investments include amortization and prepayment of loans and leases, sales of loans and leases or participations in loans, sales of its investment securities and borrowings from other financial institutions. The principal sources of income for the Bank are interest and fees collected on loans and leases, fees collected on deposit accounts and interest and dividends collected on other investments. The principal expenses of the Bank are interest paid on deposits, employee compensation and benefits, office expenses and other overhead expenses. As of March 1, 2023, SmartBank has 41 full-service bank branches and one loan production office in select markets in East and Middle Tennessee, Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. Merger and Acquisition Strategy Our strategic plan involves growing a high performing community bank through organic loan and lease and deposit growth, as well as disciplined merger and acquisition activity. We are continually evaluating business combination and purchase opportunities and may conduct due diligence activities in connection with these opportunities. As a result, business combination or purchase discussions and, in some cases, negotiations, may take place, and transactions involving cash, debt or equity securities could be expected. Any future business combinations or purchases or series of business combinations or purchases that we might undertake may be material in terms of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, or equity issued. Sunbelt On September 1, 2022, Rains Agency Inc. Rains Agency ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartFinancial, Inc., entered into a Purchase Agreement with the sole member of Sunbelt Group, LLC Sunbelt ), a Tennessee limited liability company. Sunbelt, with an office in Chattanooga, Tennessee and formed in 1984, was an independent, full-service insurance agency providing personal and commercial property and casualty insurance as well as life and health. In addition, Sunbelt has a dedicated transportation insurance department that focuses their attention solely on the insurance 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 needs of the transportation industry. The purchase of Sunbelt was consummated September 1, 2022, with an aggregate purchase price payable by Rains Agency of 6,500,000, of which 5,200,000 was paid in cash at the closing of the Acquisition, and the remainder of which will be payable in equal cash installments on September 1, 2023, and September 1, 2024 (the Deferred Payments ). The Deferred Payments are subject to acceleration in certain circumstances involving a change in control of Rains Agency and are subject to set-off for any indemnification or other obligations of the Sellers to Rains Agency under the terms of the Purchase Agreement. In connection with the acquisition, Rains Agency acquired 349 thousand of assets and assumed 364 thousand of liabilities from Sunbelt. The assets and liabilities of Sunbelt, as of the effective date of the merger, were recorded at their respective estimated fair values and combined with those of the Company. The excess of the purchase price over the net estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities was allocated to identifiable intangible assets with the remaining excess allocated to goodwill, which was approximately 4.6 million. Fountain Acquisition On May 2, 2021, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement with members of Fountain Leasing, LLC Fountain ), a Tennessee limited liability company. Fountain, headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee and founded in 2006, offered construction equipment financing to small and medium sized businesses throughout the Southeast, and maintained offices in Atlanta, Charlotte, Memphis, and Nashville. The purchase was consummated May 3, 2021, with Fountain Leasing, LLC, members receiving 14 million in cash at closing, and the Company repaid approximately 46 million of Fountain Leasing, LLC indebtedness. Following the closing of the acquisition, on May 4, 2021, the Company changed the name of Fountain Leasing, LLC to Fountain Equipment Finance, LLC. The assets and liabilities of Fountain, as of the effective date of the merger, were recorded at their respective estimated fair values and combined with those of the Company. The excess of the purchase price over the net estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities was allocated to identifiable intangible assets with the remaining excess allocated to goodwill, which was approximately 2.4 million. As a result of the merger, the Company assets increased approximately 54 million, and liabilities increased approximately 683 thousand. Sevier County Bancshares Merger On April 13, 2021, the Company along with the Bank entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement with Sevier County Bancshares, Inc., a Tennessee corporation SCB ). The merger was consummated September 1, 2021, with SCB stockholders receiving, either (i) 10.17 in cash (the Per Share Cash Consideration ), or (ii) 0.4116 shares of Company common stock, par value 1.00 (the Per Share Stock Consideration ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) each SCB shareholder holding 20,000 shares or more of SCB common stock received the Per Share stock Consideration and (ii) each SCB shareholder holding fewer than 20,000 shares of SCB common stock could elect to receive either the Per Share Stock Consideration or the Per Share Cash Consideration. After the merger, original stockholders of SmartFinancial owned approximately 90 of the outstanding common stock of the combined entity on a fully diluted basis while the previous SCB stockholders owned approximately 10 . The assets and liabilities of SCB, as of the effective date of the merger, were recorded at their respective estimated fair values and combined with those of the Company. The excess of the purchase price over the net estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities was allocated to identifiable intangible assets with the remaining excess allocated to goodwill, which was approximately 17.2 million. As a result of the merger, the Company assets increased approximately 485 million, and liabilities increased approximately 443 million. Progressive Merger On October 29, 2019, the Company along with the Bank entered into an agreement and plan of merger with Progressive Financial Group, Inc. PFG ), a Tennessee corporation. The merger was consummated on March 1, 2020, with PFG stockholders receiving stock of the Company. After the merger, original stockholders of SmartFinancial owned approximately 92 of the outstanding common stock of the combined entity on a fully diluted basis while the previous PFG stockholders owned approximately 8 . The assets and liabilities of PFG, as of the effective date of the merger, were recorded at their respective estimated fair values and combined with those of the Company. The excess of the purchase price over the net estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities was allocated to identifiable intangible assets 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 with the remaining excess allocated to goodwill, which was approximately 8.8 million. As a result of the merger, the Company assets increased approximately 301 million, and liabilities increased approximately 272 million. Banking Services Lending Activities General: The Company maintains a diversified loan portfolio by providing a broad range of commercial and retail lending services to business entities and individuals. We provide commercial business loans, commercial and residential real estate construction and mortgage loans, agriculture loans, leases, consumer loans, revolving lines of credit and letters of credit. The Company also originates one to four family residential mortgage loans and generally enters into a commitment to sell these loans in the secondary market. At December 31, 2022, our net loan and lease portfolio totaled approximately 3.2 billion, representing approximately 70.0 of our total assets. For additional discussion of our loan portfolio, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition. Commercial Real Estate: Commercial real estate loans include owner-occupied commercial real estate loans and loans secured by income-producing properties. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans to operating businesses are long-term financing of land and buildings. These loans are repaid by cash flow generated from the business operation. Real estate loans for income-producing properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers are repaid from rent income derived from the properties. Loans within this portfolio segment are particularly sensitive to the valuation of real estate. Consumer Real Estate: Consumer real estate loans include real estate loans secured by first liens, second liens, or open end real estate loans, such as home equity lines. These are repaid by various means such as a borrower s income, sale of the property, or rental income derived from the property. Loans within this portfolio segment are particularly sensitive to the valuation of real estate. Construction and Land Development: Loans for real estate construction and development are repaid through cash flow related to the operations, sale, or refinance of the underlying property. This portfolio segment includes extensions of credit to real estate developers or investors where repayment is dependent on the sale of the real estate or income generated from the real estate collateral. Loans within this portfolio segment are particularly sensitive to the valuation of real estate. Commercial and Industrial: The commercial and industrial loan portfolio segment includes commercial and financial loans and leases. These loans include those loans to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or expansion projects. Loans are repaid by business cash flows. Collection risk in this portfolio is driven by the creditworthiness of the underlying borrower, particularly cash flows from the customers business operations. Leases: The lease portfolio segment includes leases to small and mid-size companies for equipment financing leases. These leases are secured by a secured interest in the equipment being leased. Consumer and Other: The consumer loan portfolio segment includes direct consumer installment loans, overdrafts and other revolving credit loans, and educational loans. Loans in this portfolio are sensitive to unemployment and other key consumer economic measures. Credit Risk Management The Company employs a credit risk management process with defined policies, accountability and routine reporting to manage credit risk in the loan and lease portfolio segments. Credit risk management is guided by credit policies that provide for a consistent and prudent approach to underwriting and approvals of credits. Within the Credit Policy, 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 procedures exist that elevate the approval requirements as credits become larger and more complex. All loans and leases are individually underwritten, risk-rated, approved, and monitored. Responsibility and accountability for adherence to underwriting policies and accurate risk ratings lies in each portfolio segment. For the consumer real estate and consumer and other portfolio segments, the risk management process focuses on managing customers who become delinquent in their payments. For the other portfolio segments, the risk management process focuses on underwriting new business and, on an ongoing basis, monitoring the credit of the portfolios, including a third party review of the largest credits on an annual basis or more frequently, as needed. To ensure problem credits are identified on a timely basis, several specific portfolio reviews occur periodically to assess the larger adversely rated credits for proper risk rating and accrual status. Credit quality and trends in the loan and lease portfolio segments are measured and monitored regularly. Detailed reports, by product, collateral, accrual status, etc., are reviewed by Director, Management and Loan Committees. Investment Activities Our investment policy is designed to provide income from funds not needed to meet loan demand in a manner consistent with appropriate liquidity and risk management objectives. Under this policy, our Company may invest in federal, state and municipal obligations, corporate obligations, public housing authority bonds and securities issued by Government-Sponsored Enterprises GSEs ). Investments in our portfolio must satisfy certain quality criteria. Our Company s investments must be investment-grade as determined by a nationally recognized investment rating service. Investment securities where the Company has determined a certain level of credit risk are periodically reviewed to determine the financial condition of the issuer and to support the Company s decision to continue holding the security. Traditionally, the Company has purchased and held investment securities with very high levels of credit quality, favoring investments backed by direct or indirect guarantees of the U.S. government. While our investment policy permits our Company to trade securities to improve the quality of yields or marketability or to realign the composition of the portfolio, the Bank historically has not done so to any significant extent. Our investment committee implements the investment policy and portfolio strategies and monitors the portfolio. Reports on all purchases, sales, net profits or losses and market appreciation or depreciation of the bond portfolio are reviewed by our Assets Liability Committee ALCO each quarter. The written investment policy is reviewed annually by the Company s ALCO of the Board and updated as needed. The Company s securities are held in safekeeping accounts at approved correspondent banks. Deposits The Company provides a full range of deposit accounts and services to both retail and commercial customers. These deposit accounts have a variety of interest rates and terms and consist of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing accounts, including commercial and retail checking accounts, regular interest-bearing savings accounts, money market accounts, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit. Our Bank obtains most of its deposits from individuals and businesses in its market areas. Brokered deposits are deposits obtained by utilizing an outside broker that is paid a fee. The Bank utilizes brokered deposits to accomplish several purposes, such as (i) acquiring a certain maturity and dollar amount without repricing the Bank s current customers which could increase or decrease the overall cost of deposits and (ii) acquiring certain maturities and dollar amounts to help manage interest rate risk. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Other Funding Sources The Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB allows the Company to obtain advances through its credit program. These advances are secured by securities owned by the Company and held in safekeeping by the FHLB, FHLB stock owned by the Company and certain qualifying loans secured by real estate, including residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit and commercial real estate loans. The Company maintains credit arrangements with various other financial institutions to purchase federal funds. The Company participates in the Federal Reserve discount window borrowings program. The Company also enters into repurchase agreements and these are treated as short-term borrowings. Investment and Insurance Services The Bank contracts with Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. RJFS ), a registered broker-dealer and investment adviser, to offer and sell various securities and other financial products to the public through associates who are employed by both the Bank and RJFS. RJFS is a subsidiary of Raymond James Financial, Inc. The Bank offers, through RJFS, non-FDIC insured investment products to help clients achieve their financial objectives within their risk tolerances. The brokerage and investment advisory program offered by RJFS complements the Bank s general banking business and further supports its business philosophy and strategy of delivering to our clients a comprehensive array of products and services that meet their financial needs. Pursuant to its contract, RJFS is primarily responsible for the compliance monitoring of dual employees of RJFS and the Bank. Additionally, the Bank has developed its own compliance-monitoring program in an effort to further ensure that associates deliver these products in a manner consistent with the various regulations governing such activities. The Bank receives a percentage of commission credits and fees generated by the program. The Bank remains responsible for various expenses associated with the program, including furnishings, equipment and promotional expenses and general personnel costs, including commissions paid to licensed brokers. Additionally, Rain Insurance Agency, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bank, provides insurance products, in the property and casualty area, commercial, transportation, and life and health to their respective clients. Human Capital Resources The Bank is committed to building a culture where associates thrive and are empowered to be leaders. Being trustworthy, loyal, and innovative are some of the characteristics exemplified by our associates. Our core values define our culture: Act with Integrity, Be Enthusiastic, Create Positivity, Demonstrate Accountability, and Embrace Change. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 583 full-time and 13 part-time associates, primarily across our three-state footprint of Tennessee, Alabama, and Florida. None of these associates are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. During 2022, we successfully onboarded 147 new associates. Over 67 of the Company s associates are women, and 8.5 are minorities. Among the Company s 294-person banking officers, women make up approximately 52 of these associates, while minorities account for 5 of the banking officer members. Presently, the senior leadership team includes seven associates, two of whom are women. We recognize the social and environmental responsibility that arises from the impact of our activities on peoples lives and society. To assist with this responsibility, we have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy to address any concerns into our daily business activities and our approach to stakeholder relationships. Through this policy, we strive to carry out our banking activities in a responsible manner, placing the financial needs of our clients and economic health of our communities at the core of our focus. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Talent Acquisition, Development, and Retention We foster a work environment that respects individual needs, establishes high expectations, and recognizes achievement. Associates are inspired to be involved in their communities and show great care for clients. We refer to that as creating WOW experiences. Our leadership team empowers associates to make decisions and find opportunities to add value. We invest in a healthy work-life balance, competitive compensation and benefit packages, and a vibrant, team-oriented environment centered on professional service and open communication among associates. We hold ourselves accountable by taking part in an annual engagement survey to ask for feedback from our associates. The survey results mold our initiatives so that we can focus on being a great place to work and do business with. In 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022 we were nominated as a Top Workplace by the Knoxville News Sentinel and received culture excellence awards on compensation and benefits, appreciation, employee wellbeing, work-life flexibility, and top management based on the feedback from our associates. Our board of directors recognizes the importance of succession planning for our chief executive officer and other key executives. The board of directors annually reviews our succession plans for senior leadership roles, with the goal of ensuring we will continue to have the right leadership talent in place to execute the organization s long-term strategic plans. We invest in the growth and development of our associates by providing a multi-dimensional approach to learning that empowers, intellectually grows, and professionally develops our colleagues. We provide our associates with opportunities to take part in ongoing learning through educational courses relevant to the banking industry and their job functions and tuition reimbursement to support continuing education. We have learning paths designed to encourage an associate s advancement and growth, including peer mentoring and leadership programs to empower our leaders. These resources provide associates with the skills they need to promote advancement and become stronger leaders. Health and Welfare We provide a competitive compensation and benefits program to help meet the needs of our associates. In addition to salaries, these programs include annual bonuses, stock awards, a 401(k) Plan with an employer matching contribution, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings, flexible spending accounts, generous paid time off including unlimited paid time off options, flexible scheduling, tuition reimbursement, financial planning, company paid life insurance, company paid dental insurance, company paid vision insurance, family leave, and an associate assistance program that includes enhanced mental health benefits. Competition We compete in a highly competitive banking and financial services industry. Our profitability depends principally on our ability to effectively compete in the markets in which we conduct business. We expect competition in the industry to continue to increase mainly as a result of the improvement in financial technology used by both existing and new banking and financial services firms. Competition may further intensify as additional companies enter the markets where we conduct business and we enter mature markets in accordance with our expansion strategy. We experience strong competition from both bank and non-bank competitors. Broadly speaking, we compete with national banks, super-regional banks, smaller community banks and non-traditional internet-based banks. In addition, we compete with other financial intermediaries and investment alternatives such as mortgage companies, credit card issuers, leasing companies, finance companies, financial technology (fintech) companies, money market mutual funds, brokerage firms, governmental and corporation bond issuers, and other securities firms. Many of these non-bank competitors are not subject to the same regulatory oversight, affording them a competitive advantage in some instances. In many cases, our competitors have substantially greater resources and offer certain services that we are unable to provide to our customers. Additionally, competition from fintechs, is increasing. In addition to fintechs, certain technology companies are working to provide financial services directly to their customers. These nontraditional financial service providers have been successful in developing digital and other products and services that effectively compete with traditional banking services, but are in some cases subject to fewer regulatory restrictions than banks and bank holding companies, allowing them to operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. Although digital products and services have been important 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 competitive features of financial institutions for some time, the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the move toward digital financial services products and we expect that trend to continue. We encounter strong pricing competition in providing our services. Additionally, other banks offer different products or services from those that we provide. The larger national and super-regional banks may have significantly greater lending limits and may offer additional products than we are capable of providing. We endeavor to compete successfully with our competitors, regardless of their size, through the selection of banking products and services offered, the level of service provided, the convenience and ability of services, and the degree of expertise and the personal manner in which services are offered. Supervision and Regulation We are extensively regulated under federal and state law. The following is a brief summary that does not purport to be a complete description of all regulations that affect us or all aspects of those regulations. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the Company s and SmartBank s business. In addition, proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised at both the state and federal levels. The likelihood and timing of any changes in these laws and regulations, and the impact such changes may have on us and SmartBank, are difficult to predict. In addition, bank regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to us or to SmartBank. Changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance, or their interpretation by regulatory agencies or courts may have a material adverse effect on our and SmartBank s business, operations, and earnings. We, SmartBank, and our nonbank affiliates must undergo regular on-site examinations by the appropriate regulatory agency, which will examine for adherence to a range of legal and regulatory compliance responsibilities. A bank regulator conducting an examination has complete access to the books and records of the examined institution. The results of the examination are confidential. Supervision and regulation of banks, their holding companies and affiliates is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and customers, the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), and the U.S. banking and financial system rather than holders of our capital stock. Regulation of the Company We are registered as a bank holding company with the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended BHC Act ). As such, we are subject to comprehensive supervision, and regulation by the Federal Reserve and are subject to its regulatory reporting requirements. Federal law subjects bank holding companies, such as the Company, to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company. Like all bank holding companies, we are regulated extensively under federal and state law. Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, state banking regulators, the Federal Reserve, and separately the FDIC as the insurer of bank deposits, have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions on our part if they determine that we have insufficient capital or other resources, or are otherwise operating in a manner that may be deemed to be inconsistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under this authority, our bank regulators can require us or our subsidiaries to enter into informal or formal supervisory agreements, including board resolutions, memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders, pursuant to which we would be required to take identified corrective actions to address cited concerns and to refrain from taking certain actions. If we become subject to and are unable to comply with the terms of any future regulatory actions or directives, supervisory agreements, or orders, then we could become subject to additional, heightened supervisory actions and orders, possibly 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 including consent orders, prompt corrective action restrictions and/or other regulatory actions, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends on our common stock and preferred stock. If our regulators were to take such additional supervisory actions, then we could, among other things, become subject to significant restrictions on our ability to develop any new business, as well as restrictions on our existing business, and we could be required to raise additional capital, dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period of time, or both. The terms of any such supervisory action could have a material negative effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock. Activity Limitations Bank holding companies are generally restricted to engaging in the business of banking, managing or controlling banks; and certain other activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking. In addition, the Federal Reserve has the power to order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any nonbanking activity or terminate its ownership or control of any nonbank subsidiary, when it has reasonable cause to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company. Source of Strength Obligations A bank holding company is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank. The term source of financial strength means the ability of a company, such as us, that directly or indirectly owns or controls an insured depository institution, such as SmartBank, to provide financial assistance to such insured depository institution in the event of financial distress. The appropriate federal banking agency for the depository institution (in the case of SmartBank, this agency is the Federal Reserve) may require reports from us to assess our ability to serve as a source of strength and to enforce compliance with the source of strength requirements by requiring us to provide financial assistance to SmartBank in the event of financial distress. If we were to enter bankruptcy or become subject to the orderly liquidation process established by the Dodd-Frank Act, any commitment by us to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of SmartBank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee or the FDIC, as appropriate, and entitled to a priority of payment. In addition, the FDIC provides that any insured depository institution generally will be liable for any loss incurred by the FDIC in connection with the default of, or any assistance provided by the FDIC to, a commonly controlled insured depository institution. SmartBank is an FDIC-insured depository institution and thus subject to these requirements. Acquisitions The BHC Act permits acquisitions of banks by bank holding companies, such that we and any other bank holding company, whether located in Tennessee or elsewhere, may acquire a bank located in any other state, subject to certain deposit-percentage, age of bank charter requirements, and other restrictions. The BHC Act requires that a bank holding company obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any additional bank or bank holding company, (ii) taking any action that causes an additional bank or bank holding company to become a subsidiary of the bank holding company, or (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. The Federal Reserve may not approve any such transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any section of the United States, or the effect of which may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint of trade, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider: (1) the financial and managerial resources of the companies involved, including pro forma capital ratios; (2) the risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system; (3) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including performance under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA and (4) the effectiveness of the companies in combatting money laundering. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Change in Control Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the federal Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company, or before acquiring control of any state member bank, such as SmartBank. Upon receipt of such notice, the Federal Reserve may approve or disapprove the acquisition. The Change in Bank Control Act creates a rebuttable presumption of control if a member or group acquires a certain percentage or more of a bank holding company s or bank s voting stock. As a result, a person or entity generally must provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring the power to vote 10 or more of our outstanding common stock. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company and a bank by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of our stock. Governance and Financial Reporting Obligations We are required to comply with various corporate governance and financial reporting requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules and regulations adopted by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and NASDAQ. In particular, we are required to include management and independent registered public accounting firm reports on internal controls as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have evaluated our controls, including compliance with the SEC rules on internal controls, and have and expect to continue to spend significant amounts of time and money on compliance with these rules. Our failure to comply with these internal control rules may materially adversely affect our reputation, ability to obtain the necessary certifications to financial statements, and the values of our securities. Corporate Governance The Dodd-Frank Act addresses many investor protections, corporate governance, and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. The Dodd-Frank Act: (1) grants shareholders of U.S. publicly traded companies an advisory vote on executive compensation; (2) enhances independence requirements for Compensation Committee members; and (3) requires companies listed on national securities exchanges to adopt incentive-based compensation claw-back policies for executive officers. Incentive Compensation The Dodd-Frank Act required the banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint rules or guidelines for financial institutions with more than 1 billion in assets, such as us and SmartBank, which prohibit incentive compensation arrangements that the agencies determine to encourage inappropriate risks by the institution. The banking agencies issued proposed rules in 2011 and previously issued guidance on sound incentive compensation policies. In 2016, the banking agencies also proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. As of December 31, 2022, these rules have not been implemented by the banking agencies. We have undertaken efforts to ensure that our incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with three key principles-that incentive compensation arrangements should appropriately balance risk and financial rewards, be compatible with effective controls and risk management, and be supported by strong corporate governance. On October 26, 2022, the SEC adopted final rules to implement Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act that require public companies to adopt and disclose a policy for the recovery of incentive-based compensation received by current or former executive officers that is based on erroneously reported financial information in the event of a required accounting restatement. The rules also require disclosure of the policy, including filing the policy as an exhibit to annual reports on Form 10-K and additional disclosure in the event an accounting restatement is required and recovery is triggered under the policy. The stock exchanges have up to 90 days after publication of the rules in the Federal Register to submit proposed listing standards to the SEC for approval, and the proposed listing standards must be effective no later than one year after the publication date. Following the effective date of the new listing standards, public companies will have 60 days to adopt the required clawback policy. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Shareholder Say-On-Pay Votes The Dodd-Frank Act requires public companies to take shareholders votes on proposals addressing compensation (known as say-on-pay), the frequency of a say-on-pay vote, and the golden parachutes available to executives in connection with change-in-control transactions. Public companies must give shareholders the opportunity to vote on the compensation at least every three years and the opportunity to vote on frequency at least every six years, indicating whether the say-on-pay vote should be held annually, biennially, or triennially. The say-on-pay, the say-on-parachute and the say-on-frequency votes are explicitly nonbinding and cannot override a decision of our Board of Directors. Other Regulatory Matters We are subject to oversight by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, NASDAQ and various state securities and insurance regulators. We and our subsidiaries have from time to time received requests for information from regulatory authorities in various states, including state attorneys general, securities regulators and other regulatory authorities, concerning our business practices. Such requests are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. Capital Requirements We and SmartBank are each required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the Federal Reserve may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution s ability to manage those risks, are important factors that are to be taken into account by the federal banking agencies in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. The following is a brief description of the relevant provisions of these capital rules and their potential impact on our and SmartBank s capital levels. We and SmartBank are each subject to the following risk-based capital ratios: a CET1 risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, which includes CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital and a total capital ratio, which includes Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 is primarily comprised of the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock and retained earnings less certain adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets subject to temporary timing differences. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments disqualified from Tier 1 capital, including qualifying subordinated debt and a limited amount of loan loss reserves up to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, subject to certain eligibility criteria. The capital rules also define the risk-weights assigned to assets and off-balance sheet items to determine the risk-weighted asset components of the risk-based capital rules, including, for example, certain high volatility commercial real estate, past due assets, structured securities and equity holdings. The leverage capital ratio, which serves as a minimum capital standard, is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average assets net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain required deduction items. The required minimum leverage ratio for all banks and bank holding companies (unless exempt) is 4 . In addition, effective January 1, 2019, the capital rules required a capital conservation buffer of CET1 of 2.5 above each of the minimum capital ratio requirements (CET1, Tier 1, and total risk-based capital), which is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. These buffer requirements must be met for a bank or bank holding company to be able to pay dividends, engage in share buybacks or make discretionary bonus payments to executive management without restriction. Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our operations or financial condition. Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could also result in 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 restrictions on the Company s or SmartBank s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications or other restrictions on its growth. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. The FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive restraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to restrictions on borrowing from the Federal Reserve System. In addition, undercapitalized depository institutions may not accept brokered deposits absent a waiver from the FDIC, are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans for regulatory approval. A depository institution s holding company must guarantee any required capital restoration plan, up to an amount equal to the lesser of 5 of the depository institution s assets at the time it becomes undercapitalized or the amount of the capital deficiency when the institution fails to comply with the plan. Federal banking agencies may not accept a capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. All of the federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted regulations establishing relevant capital measures and relevant capital levels for federally insured depository institutions. SmartBank was well capitalized at December 31, 2022, and brokered deposits are not restricted. To be well-capitalized, SmartBank must maintain at least the following capital ratios: 6.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 8.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets; 10.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets; and 5.0 leverage ratio. 
 The Federal Reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for bank holding companies to reflect the higher capital requirements imposed under the current capital rules applicable to banks. For purposes of the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y, bank holding companies, such as the Company, must maintain a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater to be well-capitalized. If the Federal Reserve were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to bank holding companies as that applicable to SmartBank, the Company s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. Also, the Federal Reserve may require bank holding companies, including the Company, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. On October 29, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to simplify the regulatory capital requirements for eligible banks and holding companies with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets that opt into the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework, as required by Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act ). A qualifying community banking organization that exceeds the CBLR threshold would be exempt from the agencies current capital framework, including the risk-based capital requirements and capital conservation buffer described above, and would be deemed well-capitalized under the agencies prompt corrective action regulations. The Regulatory Relief Act defines a qualifying community banking organization as a depository institution or depository institution holding company with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Under the final rule, if a qualifying community banking organization elects to use the CBLR framework, it will be considered well-capitalized so long as its CBLR is greater than 9 . The Bank has chosen not to opt into the CBLR at this time. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 In 2022, our and SmartBank s regulatory capital ratios were above the applicable well-capitalized standards and met the capital conservation buffer. Based on current estimates, we believe that we and SmartBank will continue to exceed all applicable well-capitalized regulatory capital requirements and the capital conservation buffer in 2023. For more information regarding our capital, leverage and total capital ratios, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15 - Regulatory Matters. On December 21, 2018, federal banking agencies issued a joint final rule to revise their regulatory capital rules to (i) address the upcoming implementation of the CECL accounting standard under GAAP; (ii) provide an optional three-year phase-in period for the day-one adverse regulatory capital effects that banking organizations are expected to experience upon adopting CECL; and (iii) require the use of CECL in stress tests beginning with the 2020 capital planning and stress testing cycle for certain banking organizations. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, which introduced CECL as the methodology to replace the current incurred loss methodology for financial assets measured at amortized cost, and changed the approaches for recognizing and recording credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased credit impaired financial assets. Under the incurred loss methodology, credit losses are recognized only when the losses are probable or have been incurred; under CECL, companies are required to recognize the full amount of expected credit losses for the lifetime of the financial assets, based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This change will result in earlier recognition of credit losses that the Company deems expected but not yet probable. On January 1, 2023, the Company adopted CECL For additional information relating to CECL, Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements. Payment of Dividends We are a legal entity separate and distinct from SmartBank and our other subsidiaries. The primary sources of funds for our payment of dividends to our shareholders are cash on hand and dividends from SmartBank. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends that SmartBank may pay. Pursuant to Tennessee banking law, the Bank may not, without the prior consent of the Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions (the TDFI ), pay any dividends to the Company in a calendar year in excess of the total of the Bank s retained net income for that year plus the retained net income for the preceding two years. Because this test involves a measure of net income, any charge on the Bank s income statement, such as an impairment of goodwill, could impair the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company. Under Tennessee corporate law, the Company is not permitted to pay dividends if, after giving effect to such payment, it would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or its total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus any amounts needed to satisfy any preferential rights if it were dissolving. In addition, in deciding whether or not to declare a dividend of any particular size, the Company s board of directors must consider its and the Bank s current and prospective capital, liquidity, and other needs. In addition to state law limitations on the Company s ability to pay dividends, the Federal Reserve imposes limitations on the Company s ability to pay dividends. Federal Reserve regulations limit dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers if the Company s regulatory capital is below the level of regulatory minimums plus the applicable capital conservation buffer. In addition, we and SmartBank are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsound and unsafe banking practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Under a Federal Reserve policy adopted in 2009, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company s dividends if: its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 
 Regulation of the Bank SmartBank, which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve, and is subject to its regulatory reporting requirements, as well as supervision and regulation by the Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions TDFI ). As a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, SmartBank is required to hold stock in its district Federal Reserve Bank in an amount equal to 6 of its capital stock and surplus (half paid to acquire stock with the remainder held as a cash reserve). Member banks do not have any control over the Federal Reserve System as a result of owning the stock and the stock cannot be sold or traded. The deposits of SmartBank are insured by the FDIC up to applicable limits, and, accordingly, SmartBank is also subject to certain FDIC regulations and the FDIC has backup examination authority and some enforcement powers over SmartBank. Tennessee law contains limitations on the interest rates that may be charged on various types of loans and restrictions on the nature and amount of loans that may be granted and on the type of investments which may be made by Tennessee-chartered banks. Tennessee-chartered banks are also subject to regulation by the TDFI with regard to capital requirements and the payment of dividends. In addition, as discussed in more detail below, SmartBank and any other of our subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products and services are subject to regulation and potential supervision by the Consumer Financial Protection CFPB ). In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce certain federal consumer financial protection law. Broadly, regulations applicable to SmartBank include limitations on loans to a single borrower and to its directors, officers and employees; restrictions on the opening and closing of branch offices; the maintenance of required capital ratios; the granting of credit under equal and fair conditions; the disclosure of the costs and terms of such credit; requirements to maintain reserves against deposits and loans; limitations on the types of investment that may be made by SmartBank; requirements governing risk management practices; restrictions on the ability of institutions to guarantee its debt; and certain specific accounting requirements on SmartFinancial that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in its capital than generally accepted accounting principles. Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders SmartBank is subject to restrictions on extensions of credit and certain other transactions between SmartBank and the Company or any nonbank affiliate. Generally, these covered transactions with either the Company or any affiliate are limited to 10 of SmartBank s capital and surplus, and all such transactions between SmartBank and the Company and all of its nonbank affiliates combined are limited to 20 of SmartBank s capital and surplus. Loans and other extensions of credit from SmartBank to the Company or any affiliate generally are required to be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, any transaction between SmartBank and the Company or any affiliate are required to be on an arm s length basis. Federal banking laws also place similar restrictions on certain extensions of credit by insured banks, such as SmartBank, to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders. Tennessee has adopted the provisions of the Federal Reserve s Regulation O with respect to restrictions on loans and other extensions of credit to bank insiders. Further, 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 under Tennessee law, state banks are prohibited from lending to any one person, firm, or corporation amounts more than 15 of the bank s equity capital accounts, except, (i) in the case of certain loans secured by negotiable title documents covering readily marketable nonperishable staples or (ii) with the prior approval of the bank s board of directors or finance committee (however titled), the bank may make a loan to any person, firm, or corporation of up to 25 of its equity capital accounts. Reserves Federal Reserve rules require depository institutions, such as SmartBank, to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts, primarily NOW and regular checking accounts. Effective March 26, 2020, the Federal Reserve eliminated reserve requirements for all depository institutions. These reserve requirements are subject to annual adjustment by the Federal Reserve. FDIC Insurance Assessments and Depositor Preference SmartBank s deposits are insured by the FDIC s DIF up to the limits under applicable law, which currently are set at 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. SmartBank is subject to FDIC assessments for its deposit insurance. The FDIC calculates quarterly deposit insurance assessments based on an institution s average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity, and applies one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels, supervisory ratings, and certain other factors. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. As of June 30, 2020, the DIF reserve ratio fell to 1.30 , below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan on September 15, 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 within eight years. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted an amended restoration plan to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio would be restored to at least 1.35 percent by September 30, 2028. The FDIC s amended restoration plan increases the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC could further increase the deposit insurance assessments for certain insured depository institutions, including the Bank, if the DIF reserve ratio is not restored as projected. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by a bank s federal regulatory agency. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of the parent bank holding company. Standards for Safety and Soundness The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (1) internal controls; (2) information systems and audit systems; (3) loan documentation; (4) credit underwriting; (5) interest rate risk exposure; and (6) asset quality. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if a regulator determines that a bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the regulator may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Anti-Money Laundering Under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships as well as enhanced due diligence and know your customer standards in their dealings with foreign financial institutions and foreign customers. The USA PATRIOT Act, and its implementing regulations adopted by the FinCEN, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, requires financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs with minimum standards that include: the development of internal policies, procedures, and controls; the designation of a compliance officer; an ongoing employee training program; an independent audit function to test the programs; and identify and verify the identity of beneficial owners of legal entity customers . 
 Banking regulators will consider compliance with the Act s money laundering provisions in acting upon acquisition and merger proposals. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and have been active in imposing cease and desist and other regulatory orders and money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. Sanctions for violations of the Act can be imposed in an amount equal to twice the sum involved in the violating transaction, up to 1 million. On January 1, 2021, Congress passed federal legislation that made sweeping changes to federal anti-money laundering laws, including changes that will be implemented in subsequent years. Economic Sanctions The OFAC is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and acts of Congress. OFAC publishes, and routinely updates, lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. If we find a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, we must undertake certain specified activities, which could include blocking or freezing the account or transaction requested, and we must notify the appropriate authorities. Concentrations in Lending During 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending (the Guidance and advised financial institutions of the risks posed by CRE lending concentrations. The Guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. The Guidance is triggered when CRE loan concentrations exceed either: Total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital; or Total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital. 
 The Guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in CRE loans or has significant concentrations of CRE secured by a particular property type. We have always had exposures to loans secured by CRE due to the nature of our markets and the loan needs of both retail and commercial customers. We believe our long term experience in CRE lending, underwriting policies, internal controls, and other policies currently in place, as well as our loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are generally appropriate to managing our concentrations as required under the Guidance. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Community Reinvestment Act SmartBank is subject to the provisions of the CRA, which imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with their safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of entire communities where the bank accepts deposits, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The Federal Reserve s assessment of SmartBank s CRA record is made available to the public. Further, a less than satisfactory CRA rating will slow, if not preclude, expansion of banking activities and prevent a company from becoming or remaining a financial holding company. Following the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLB ), CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to a bank s primary federal regulator. A bank holding company will not be permitted to become or remain a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under GLB may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank subsidiaries received less than a satisfactory CRA rating in its latest CRA examination. Federal CRA regulations require, among other things, that evidence of discrimination against applicants on a prohibited basis, and illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in the CRA evaluation. SmartBank has a rating of Satisfactory in its most recent CRA evaluation. On May 5, 2022, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve, and FDIC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to provide for a coordinated approach to modernize their respective CRA regulations, such that all banks will be subject to the same set of CRA rules. No final rule has been issued, but the rulemaking may affect the Bank s CRA compliance obligations in the future. Privacy, Credit Reporting, and Data Security The GLB generally prohibits disclosure of consumer information to non-affiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to customers annually. Financial institutions, however, will be required to comply with state law if it is more protective of consumer privacy than the GLB. The GLB also directed federal regulators to prescribe standards for the security of consumer information. SmartBank is subject to such standards, as well as standards for notifying customers in the event of a security breach. SmartBank utilizes credit bureau data in underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V on a uniform, nationwide basis, including credit reporting, prescreening, and sharing of information between affiliates and the use of credit data. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, which amended the Fair Credit Reporting Act, permits states to enact identity theft laws that are not inconsistent with the conduct required by the provisions of that Act. We are also required to have an information security program to safeguard the confidentiality and security of customer information and to ensure proper disposal. Customers must be notified when unauthorized disclosure involves sensitive customer information that may be misused. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a new rule effective in 2022 that requires banks to notify their regulators within 36 hours of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. Anti-Tying Restrictions In general, a bank may not extend credit, lease, sell property, or furnish any services or fix or vary the consideration for them on the condition that (1) the customer obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or services from or to the bank or bank holding company or their subsidiaries or (2) the customer not obtain some other credit, property, or services from a competitor, except to the extent reasonable conditions are imposed to assure the soundness of the credit extended. A bank may, however, offer combined-balance products and may otherwise offer more favorable terms if a customer obtains two or more traditional bank products. The law also expressly permits banks to engage in other forms of tying and authorizes the Federal Reserve to grant additional exceptions by regulation or order. Also, certain foreign transactions are exempt from the general rule. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Consumer Regulation Activities of SmartBank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations include, among numerous other things, provisions that: limit the interest and other charges collected or contracted for by SmartBank, including rules respecting the terms of credit cards and of debit card overdrafts; govern SmartBank s disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; require SmartBank to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether it is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the communities it serves; prohibit SmartBank from discriminating on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors when it makes decisions to extend credit; govern the manner in which SmartBank may collect consumer debts; and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in the provision of consumer financial products and services. 
 Mortgage Regulation The CFPB has issued rules to implement requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act pertaining to mortgage loan origination (including with respect to loan originator compensation and loan originator qualifications) as well as integrated mortgage disclosure rules. In addition, the CFPB has issued rules that require servicers to comply with new standards and practices with regard to: error correction; information disclosure; force-placement of insurance; information management policies and procedures; requiring information about mortgage loss mitigation options be provided to delinquent borrowers; providing delinquent borrowers access to servicer personnel with continuity of contact about the borrower s mortgage loan account; and evaluating borrowers applications for available loss mitigation options. These rules also address initial rate adjustment notices for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs), periodic statements for residential mortgage loans, and prompt crediting of mortgage payments and response to requests for payoff amounts. Non-Discrimination Policies SmartBank is also subject to, among other things, the provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the ECOA and the Fair Housing Act (the FHA ), both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or color, religion, national origin, sex, and familial status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial credit or residential real estate transaction. The Department of Justice (the DOJ ), and the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending that provides guidance to financial institutions in determining whether discrimination exists, how the agencies will respond to lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory lending practices. The DOJ has increased its efforts to prosecute what it regards as violations of the ECOA and FHA. LIBOR On March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act to address references to LIBOR in contracts that: (i) are governed by U.S. law; (ii) will not mature before June 30, 2023; and (iii) lack fallback provisions providing for a clearly defined and practicable replacement for LIBOR. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule to implement the LIBOR Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule identifies replacement benchmark rates based on SOFR to replace overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month LIBOR in contracts subject to the LIBOR Act. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves various risks which are particular to SmartFinancial, its industry, and its market area. Several risk factors regarding investing in our securities are discussed below. This listing should not be considered as all-inclusive. If any of the following risks were to occur, we may not be able to conduct our business as currently planned and our financial condition or operating results could be negatively impacted. These matters could cause the trading price of our securities to decline in future periods. Risks Related to Our Industry Our net interest income could be negatively affected by interest rate adjustments by the Federal Reserve Board. As a financial institution, our earnings are dependent upon our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income that we earn on interest-earning assets, such as investment securities and loans, and the interest expense that we pay on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Therefore, any change in general market interest rates, including changes resulting from changes in the Federal Reserve Board s policies, affects us more than non-financial institutions and can have a significant effect on our net interest income and total income. Our assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in overall market rates or conditions because there may be mismatches between the repricing or maturity characteristics of our assets and liabilities. As a result, an increase or decrease in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net interest margin and results of operations. Actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, could have an adverse effect on our deposit levels, loan demand, business and results of operations. Changes in the level of interest rates also may negatively affect our ability to originate loans, the value of our assets, and our ability to realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings. A decline in the market value of our assets may limit our ability to borrow additional funds. As a result, we could be required to sell some of our loans and investments under adverse market conditions, upon terms that are not favorable to us, in order to maintain our liquidity. If those sales are made at prices lower than the amortized costs of the investments, we will incur losses. Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, which increases the potential for default. At the same time, the marketability of any underlying property that serves as collateral for such loans may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. In addition, an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. Subsequently, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. If interest rates were to decrease, our yield on our variable rate loans and on our new loans would decrease, reducing our net interest income. In addition, lower interest rates may reduce our realized yields on investment securities which would reduce our net interest income and cause downward pressure on net interest margin in future periods. A significant reduction in our net interest income could have a material adverse impact on our capital, financial condition and results of operations. The primary tool that management uses to measure short-term interest rate risk is a net interest income simulation model prepared by an independent third party provider. As of December 31, 2022, SmartFinancial is considered to be in a slightly liability-sensitive position, meaning income is generally expected to decrease with an increase in short-term interest rates and, conversely, to increase with a decrease in short-term interest rates. Based on the results of this simulation model, which assumed a static environment with no contemplated asset growth or changes in our balance sheet management strategies, if short-term interest rates immediately increased by 200 basis points, we could expect net interest income to decrease by approximately 1.3 million over a 12-month period. If short-term interest rates immediately decreased by 200 basis points, we could expect net interest income to remain stable over the next 12-month period. In recent years, the Federal Reserve implemented a series of accommodative domestic monetary initiatives. Several of these have emphasized so-called quantitative easing strategies and decreases to the Federal funds target rate. The Federal 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Reserve reduced rates five times during 2019 through 2021. However, in response to the significant increase in the domestic inflation rate in the U.S, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds target rate seven times in 2022 for a total increase of 4.25 , and indicated additional increases would be forthcoming in 2023. Also during 2022, the Federal reserve implemented quantitative tightening. Further rate changes reportedly are dependent on the Federal Reserve s assessment of economic data as it becomes available. The Company cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, economic, or other policies or the effect that they may have on the Company s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have implemented policies we believe will reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our net interest income, this may not always be successful. Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest rates could materially and adversely affect our net interest income and our net interest margin, asset quality, loan and lease origination volume, liquidity or overall profitability. We are dependent on our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers, and systems failures, interruptions or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify these systems as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact. We outsource many of our major systems, such as data processing, loan servicing and deposit processing systems. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process new and renewal loans, gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business and/or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Several U.S. financial institutions have experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems. Other attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information or destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. To date, none of these types of attacks have had a material effect on our business or operations. However, no assurances can be provided that we may not suffer from such an attack in the future that may cause us material harm. Such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized crime or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. We are also subject to the risk that our employees may intercept and transmit unauthorized confidential or proprietary information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action and reputational harm to us. In addition, we provide our customers the ability to bank remotely, including over the internet or through their mobile device. The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of remote and mobile banking. Although we regularly add additional security measures to our computer systems and network infrastructure to mitigate the possibility of cyber security breaches, including firewalls and penetration testing, it is difficult or impossible to defend against every risk being posed by changing technologies as well as criminal intent on committing cyber-crime. Our network could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches. We may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. To the extent that our activities or the activities of our customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches (including breaches of security of customer systems and networks) and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could also cause existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 reputation, results of operations and ability to attract and maintain customers and businesses. In addition, a security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability and cause reputational damage. We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud. If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities, which in turn may adversely impact our ability to increase our assets and earnings. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to supervision and regulation by a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the TDFI and to a lesser extent, the FDIC and the CFPB. Regulations adopted by these agencies, which are generally intended to provide protection for depositors and customers rather than for the benefit of shareholders, govern a comprehensive range of matters relating to ownership and control of our shares, our acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels, and other aspects of our operations. These bank regulators possess broad authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time and we cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business, profitability or growth strategy. Increased regulation could increase our cost of compliance and adversely affect profitability. Moreover, certain of these regulations contain significant punitive sanctions for violations, including monetary penalties and limitations on a bank s ability to implement components of its business plan, such as expansion through mergers and acquisitions or the opening of new branch offices. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements may add costs associated with compliance efforts. Furthermore, government policy and regulation, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, significantly affect credit conditions. Negative developments in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation and regulation in response to those developments could negatively impact our business operations and adversely impact our financial performance. The Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. The Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank. A capital injection may be required at times when the bank holding company may not have the resources to provide it and therefore may be required to borrow the funds or raise capital. As a result, we may not be able to service existing indebtedness, and such default may require us to declare bankruptcy. Any capital contributions by a bank holding company to its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the institution s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations. Thus, any borrowing that must be incurred by us to make a required capital injection to the Bank becomes more difficult and expensive and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business, and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. The Federal Reserve and the TDFI periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, interest rate sensitivity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, they may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties, to fine or remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place us into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Company If our allowance for loan and lease losses and fair value adjustments with respect to acquired loans and leases is not sufficient to cover actual loan and lease losses, our earnings will be adversely affected. Our success depends significantly on the quality of our assets, particularly loans and leases. Like other financial institutions, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers may not repay their loans or leases according to their terms, and the collateral securing the payment of these loans and leases may be insufficient to fully compensate us for the outstanding balance of the loan and leases plus the costs to dispose of the collateral. As a result, we may experience significant loan and lease losses that may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses with respect to our loan and lease portfolio, in an attempt to cover loan and lease losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio. In determining the size of the allowance, we rely on an analysis of our loan and lease portfolio, our experience and our evaluation of general economic conditions. We also make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan and lease portfolio, including the diversification in our loan and lease portfolio, the effect of changes in the economy on real estate and other collateral values, the results of recent regulatory examinations, the effects on the loan and lease portfolio of current economic conditions and their probable impact on borrowers, the amount of charge-offs for the period and the amount of nonperforming loans and leases and related collateral security. The application of the acquisition method of accounting in our acquisitions has impacted our allowance for loan and lease losses. Under the acquisition method of accounting, all acquired loans and leases were recorded in our consolidated financial statements at their fair values at the time of acquisition and the related allowance for loan and lease losses was eliminated because credit quality, among other factors, was considered in the determination of fair value. To the extent that our estimates of fair values are too high, we will incur losses associated with the acquired loans and leases. The allowance, if any, associated with our purchased credit impaired loans and leases reflects deterioration in cash flows since acquisition resulting from our quarterly re-estimation of cash flows which involves complex cash flow projections and significant judgment on timing of loan and lease resolution. If our analysis or assumptions prove to be incorrect, our current allowance may not be sufficient, and adjustments may be necessary to allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments in our loan and lease portfolio. Material additions to the allowance for loan and lease losses would materially decrease our net income and adversely affect our general financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases was 0.72 and as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases was 830.98 . Although management believes that the allowance for loan and lease losses is adequate to absorb losses on any existing loans or lease that may become uncollectible, we may be required to take additional provisions for loan and lease losses in the future to further supplement the allowance for loan and lease losses, either due to management s decision to do so or because our banking regulators require us to do so. Federal and state regulators periodically review our allowance for loan and lease losses and may require us to increase our allowance for loan and lease losses or recognize further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of our management. Any increase in our allowance for loan and lease losses or loan and lease charge-offs required by these regulatory agencies could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in accounting standards, including the implementation of Current Expected Credit Loss methodology, could materially affect how we report our financial results. The Financial Accounting Standards Board adopted a new accounting standard for determining the amount of our allowance for credit losses (ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)) that will be effective for us January 1, 2023. We believe that adoption of ASU 2016-13 will result in an increase to our allowance for loan and lease losses, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss CECL ). Implementation of CECL will require that we determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected future credit losses on loans in the allowance for loan and lease losses in the period when the loans are booked. The ongoing impact of CECL will be significantly influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of our loan portfolio, as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecasts utilized. Should these factors materially change, we may be required to increase or decrease our allowance for loan and lease losses, decreasing or increasing our net income, and introducing additional volatility into our net income. Our success depends significantly on economic conditions in our market areas. Unlike larger organizations that are more geographically diversified, our branches are currently concentrated in East and Middle Tennessee, Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. As a result of this geographic concentration, our financial results depend largely upon economic conditions in these market areas. If the communities in which we operate do not grow or if prevailing economic conditions, locally or nationally, deteriorate, this may have a significant impact on the amount of loans that we originate, the ability of our borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. An economic downturn caused by inflation, recession, unemployment, government action, health emergencies, disease pandemics, natural disasters, the U.S. government s decisions regarding its debt ceiling and the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations, or other factors beyond our control would likely contribute to the deterioration of the quality of our loan portfolio and reduce our level of deposits, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, some portions of our target market are in areas which a substantial portion of the economy is dependent upon tourism. The tourism industry tends to be more sensitive than the economy as a whole to changes in unemployment, inflation, wage growth, and other factors which affect consumer s financial condition and sentiment. Competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers may adversely affect our profitability. We experience competition in our market from many other financial institutions. We compete with commercial banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms, internet banks, consumer finance companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market funds, and other mutual funds, as well as other community banks and super-regional and national financial institutions that operate offices in our service area. These competitors often have far greater resources than we do and are able to conduct more extensive and broader marketing efforts to reach both commercial and individual clients. Our competitors may be able to offer more attractive interest rates and other financial terms than we offer or have the ability to offer. Some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. We compete with these other financial institutions both in attracting deposits and in making loans. In addition, we must attract our client base from other existing financial institutions and from new residents. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete with an array of financial institutions in our service area. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on a number of factors, including, among other things, our ability to recruit and retain experienced and talented bankers at competitive compensation levels, build and maintain long-term client relationships while ensuring high ethical standards and safe and sound banking practices, compete with the scope, relevance and pricing of the products and services we provide, maintain a competitive level of client satisfaction with our products and services, keep pace with technological advances and invest in new technology, and depend on general economic trend and trends within our industry. Some of our competitors have reduced or eliminated certain service charges on deposit accounts, including overdraft fees, and additional competitors may be willing to reduce or eliminate service or other fees in order to attract additional customers. If the Company chooses to reduce or eliminate certain categories of fees, including those related to deposit accounts, fee income related to these products and services would be reduced. If the Company chooses not to take such actions, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in attracting customers for certain fee producing products. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Increased competition could require us to increase the rates that we pay on deposits or lower the rates that we offer on loans, which could reduce our profitability. Our failure to compete effectively in our market could restrain our growth or cause us to lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our assets, business, cash flow, condition (financial or otherwise), liquidity, prospects and results of operations. Our organic loan and lease growth may be limited by regulatory constraints. During 2019, many of the regulatory agencies, including ours, increased their focus on the application of an interagency guidance issued in 2006, titled Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices. The 2006 interagency guidance focuses on the risks of high levels of concentration in CRE lending at banking institutions, and specifically addresses two supervisory criteria: Construction concentration criterion: Loans for construction, land, and land development (CLD or construction represent 100 or more of a banking institution s total risk-based capital, commonly referred to as the 100 ratio Total CRE concentration criterion: Total nonowner-occupied CRE loans (including CLD loans), as defined in the 2006 guidance total CRE ), represent 300 or more of the institution s total risk-based capital, and growth in total CRE lending has increased by 50 or more during the previous 36 months, commonly referred to as the 300 ratio 
 The guidance states that banking institutions exceeding the concentration levels mentioned in the two supervisory criteria should have in place enhanced credit risk controls, including stress testing of CRE portfolios. At the end of 2022 our loan portfolio was below both the 100 and 300 ratios as laid out in the guidance, but given the guidance our ability to grow those loan types could be constrained by the amount we are also able to grow capital. To the extent that we are unable to identify and consummate attractive acquisitions, or increase loans and leases through organic loan and lease growth, we may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which could materially and adversely affect us. A substantial part of our historical growth has been a result of acquisitions and we intend to continue to grow our business through strategic acquisitions of banking franchises coupled with organic loan and lease growth. Previous availability of attractive acquisition targets may not be indicative of future acquisition opportunities, and we may be unable to identify any acquisition targets that meet our investment objectives. To the extent that we are unable to find suitable acquisition candidates, an important component of our strategy may be lost. We also face significant competition from numerous other financial services institutions, many of which will have greater financial resources than we do, when considering acquisition opportunities. Accordingly, attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or completing any future acquisitions. If we are able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we must generally satisfy a number of conditions prior to completing any such transaction, including certain bank regulatory approvals, which have become substantially more difficult, time-consuming and unpredictable as a result of the recent financial crisis. Additionally, any future acquisitions may not produce the revenue, earnings or synergies that we anticipated. As our purchased credit impaired loan portfolio, which produces substantially higher yields than our organic and purchased non-credit impaired loan and lease portfolios, is paid down, we expect downward pressure on our income. If we are unable to replace our purchased credit impaired loans and leases and the related accretion with a significantly higher level of new performing loans and leases and other earning assets due to our inability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities, a decline in loan demand, competition from other financial institutions in our markets, stagnation or continued deterioration of economic conditions, or other conditions, our financial condition and earnings may be adversely affected. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Our recent acquisition and future expansion may result in additional risks. We expect to continue to expand in our current markets and in other select markets through additional branches or through acquisitions of all or part of other financial institutions. These types of expansions involve various risks, including the risks detailed below. The acquisition of Sunbelt was completed on September 1, 2022, Fountain was completed on May 3, 2021, and the merger with SCB was completed on September 1, 2021, and while these integration efforts are substantially complete, we continue to manage the acquired businesses through the transition. The success of this transition will depend on, among other things, our ability to realize anticipated costs savings and to manage the acquired assets and operations in a manner that permits growth opportunities and does not materially disrupt our existing customer relationships or result in decreased revenues resulting from any loss of customers. We may encounter a number of difficulties, including, among others: the loss of key employees; disruption of operations and business; inability to maintain and increase competitive presence; loan and deposit attrition, customer loss and revenue loss, including as a result of any decision we may make to close one or more locations; possible inconsistencies in standards, control procedures and policies; unexpected problems with costs, operations, personnel, technology and credit; and/or problems with the assimilation of new operations, sites or personnel, which could divert resources from regular banking operations. 
 Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits on the anticipated timeframe, or at all, could result in a reduction in the price of our common stock as well as increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and energy and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we make fair value estimates of certain assets and liabilities in recording our acquisitions. Actual values of these assets and liabilities could differ from our estimates, which could result in our not achieving the anticipated benefits of our acquisition. Finally, any cost savings that are realized may be offset by losses in revenues or other charges to earnings. Further, we acquire banks with the expectation that these mergers will result in various benefits including, among other things, benefits relating to enhanced revenues, a strengthened market position for the combined company, cross selling opportunities, technology, cost savings and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of these mergers is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we integrate these institutions in an efficient and effective manner, and general competitive factors in the marketplace. We may face risks with respect to future acquisitions. When we attempt to expand our business through mergers and acquisitions, we seek targets that are culturally similar to us, have experienced management and possess either market presence or have potential for improved profitability through economies of scale or expanded services. In addition to the general risks associated with our growth plans, which are highlighted above, in general, acquiring other banks, businesses or branches, particularly those in markets with which we are less familiar, involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions. We expect to continue to evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities that are presented to us in our current markets, as well as other markets, throughout the region and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial institutions. As a result, merger or acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations may take place and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash or equity securities and related capital raising transactions may occur at any time. Generally, acquisitions of financial institutions involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of our book value and fully diluted earnings per share may occur in connection with any future transaction. Failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in product presence and/or other 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 projected benefits from an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our concentration in loans secured by real estate, particularly commercial real estate and construction and development, is subject to risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We offer a variety of secured loans, including commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, real estate, construction, home equity, lease, consumer and other loans. Many of our loans are secured by real estate (both residential and commercial) in our market areas. Consequently, declines in economic conditions in these market areas may have a greater effect on our earnings and capital than on the earnings and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loan portfolios are more geographically diverse. At December 31, 2022, approximately 77 of our loans and leases had real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral, which includes 12 of our loans secured by construction and development collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, our earnings and capital could be adversely affected. Although real estate prices in most of our markets are strong, a renewed decline in real estate values would expose us to further deterioration in the value of the collateral for all loans secured by real estate and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Commercial real estate loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans, particularly when there is a downturn in the business cycle. They are also typically larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans and depend on cash flows from the owner s business or the property to service the debt. Cash flows may be affected significantly by general economic conditions and a downturn in the local economy or in occupancy rates in the local economy where the property is located, each of which could increase the likelihood of default on the loan. Because our loan portfolio contains a number of commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in the percentage of nonperforming loans. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, which could negatively affect our stock price. If a commercial real estate loan defaults, there are legal expenses associated with obtaining the real estate which typically serves as collateral for the loan. Once we obtain collateral for a commercial real estate loan that has defaulted, it is put into other real estate owned. Other real estate owned assets generally do not produce income but do have the costs associated with the ownership of real estate, principally real estate taxes and maintenance costs. Since these assets have a cost to maintain, our goal is to keep costs at a minimum by liquidating the assets as soon as possible. A declining economic environment and political turmoil generally results in an increase in the rate of loan defaults, downward pressure on foreclosed asset values and increased marketing periods. Our largest loan relationships currently make up a significant percentage of our total loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our 10 largest borrowing relationships totaled approximately 236 million in outstanding balances, or approximately 7 of our total loan portfolio. The concentration risk associated with having a small number of relatively large loan relationships is that if one or more of these relationships were to become delinquent or suffer default, we could be at risk of material losses. The allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover losses associated with any of these relationships, and any loss or increase in the allowance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Declines in the businesses or industries of our customers could cause increased credit losses and decreased loan balances, which could adversely affect our financial results. The small to medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business developments, including the continued elevated inflationary and interest rate environment, which may impair a borrower s 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 ability to repay a loan or lease, and such impairment could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A substantial focus of our marketing and business strategy is to serve small to medium-sized businesses in our market areas. As a result, a relatively high percentage of our loan and lease portfolio consists of commercial loans to such businesses. We further anticipate an increase in the amount of loans to small to medium-sized businesses during 2023. Small to medium-sized businesses frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan or lease. In addition, the success of a small and medium-sized business often depends on the management skills, talents and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have an adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loan or lease. If general economic conditions negatively impact the markets in which we operate, and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our borrowers are otherwise harmed by adverse business developments, this, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our use of appraisals in deciding whether to make a loan secured by real property does not ensure the value of the real property collateral. In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property we generally require an appraisal of the property. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is conducted, and an error in fact or judgment could adversely affect the reliability of an appraisal. In addition, events occurring after the initial appraisal may cause the value of the real estate to decrease. As a result of any of these factors the value of collateral securing a loan may be less than estimated, and if a default occurs we may not recover the outstanding balance of the loan. We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. The ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, announced on November 30, 2020, that it would cease publishing the one-week and two-month LIBOR rates on December 31, 2021, but would continue publishing the one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month LIBOR rates until June 30, 2023. Regardless, the federal banking agencies also issued guidance on November 30, 2020, encouraging banks to: (i) stop using LIBOR in new financial contracts no later than December 31, 2021; and (ii) either use a rate other than LIBOR or include clear language defining the alternative rate that will be applicable after LIBOR s discontinuation. To address the problem created by legacy financial contracts that incorporate LIBOR as their reference interest rate, but extend beyond the date after which LIBOR will be published, on March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the LIBOR Act. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act by adopting benchmark rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. Upon the cessation of the use of LIBOR, interest rates on our floating rate obligations, loans, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. In addition, the cessation of the use of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of our floating rate obligations, loans, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates. A substantial portion of our variable rate loans, along with certain derivative and other financial instruments, are indexed to LIBOR. While the majority of these instruments contain either provisions for the designation of an alternate benchmark rate or fallback provisions providing for alternative rate calculations in the event LIBOR is unavailable, not all of our loans, derivatives or financial instruments contain such provisions, and the existing provisions and/or recent modifications to our documents to address transition may not adequately address the actual changes to LIBOR or the financial impact of successor benchmark rates. We may not be able to successfully amend these loans, derivatives and financial instruments to provide for alternative benchmarks or alternative rate calculations and such amendments could prove costly and may impact our ability to maintain hedge accounting treatment on certain cash flow hedges. Even with provisions allowing for 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 designation of alternative benchmarks or fallback provisions, the discontinuance of LIBOR could result in customer uncertainty and disputes arising as a consequence of the transition from LIBOR. All of this could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customers and additional costs to us, all of which could be material. Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund our operations and jeopardize our financial condition. Liquidity represents an institution s ability to provide funds to satisfy demands from depositors, borrowers and other creditors by either converting assets into cash or accessing new or existing sources of incremental funds. Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that we may be unable to satisfy current or future funding requirements and needs. The objective of managing liquidity risk is to ensure that our cash flow requirements resulting from depositor, borrower and other creditor demands as well as our operating cash needs, are met, and that our cost of funding such requirements and needs is reasonable. We maintain an asset/liability and interest rate risk policy and a liquidity and funds management policy, including a contingency funding plan that, among other things, include procedures for managing and monitoring liquidity risk. Generally, we rely on deposits, repayments of loans and cash flows from our investment securities as our primary sources of funds. Our principal deposit sources include consumer, commercial and public funds customers in our markets. We have used these funds, together with wholesale deposit sources such as brokered deposits, along with Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati FHLB Cincinnati advances, federal funds purchased and other sources of short-term and long-term borrowings, to make loans, acquire investment securities and other assets and to fund continuing operations. An inability to maintain or raise funds in amounts necessary to meet our liquidity needs could have a substantial negative effect, individually or collectively, on SmartFinancial and SmartBank s liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities, or on terms attractive to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. For example, factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory action against us, a reduction in our credit rating, any damage to our reputation or any other decrease in depositor or investor confidence in our creditworthiness and business. Our access to liquidity could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as severe volatility or disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. Any such event or failure to manage our liquidity effectively could affect our competitive position, increase our borrowing costs and the interest rates we pay on deposits, limit our access to the capital markets, cause our regulators to criticize our operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Our most important source of funds consists of our customer deposits. Such deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, which would require us to seek wholesale funding alternatives in order to continue to grow, thereby increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. Moreover, competition among U.S. banks and non-banks for customer deposits is intense and may increase the cost of deposits (particularly in an elevated rate environment) or prevent new deposits and may otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. In addition, our access to deposits may be affected by the liquidity and/or cash flow needs of depositors, which may be exacerbated in an inflationary, recessionary, or elevated rate environment. This may cause our deposit accounts to decrease in the future, and any such decrease could have a material adverse impact on our sources of funding. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds but are subject to the borrowers ability to repay loans, which can be adversely affected by a number of factors including changes in general economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups or specific businesses, declines in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inflation, labor shortages, inclement weather, natural disasters, acts of war, prolonged government shutdowns and other factors. Furthermore, loans generally are not readily convertible to cash. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet growth in loans, deposit withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such secondary sources include FHLB Cincinnati advances, brokered deposits, secured and unsecured federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, Federal Reserve borrowings and/or accessing the equity or debt capital markets. We anticipate we will continue to rely primarily on deposits, loan and lease repayments, and cash flows from our investment securities to provide liquidity. Additionally, where necessary, the secondary sources of borrowed funds 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 described above will be used to augment our primary funding sources. If we are unable to access any of these secondary funding sources when needed, we might be unable to meet our customers or creditors needs, which would adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. We could recognize losses on securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. For example, fixed-rate securities acquired by us are generally subject to decreases in market value when interest rates rise. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities or our own analysis of the value of the security, defaults by the issuer or individual mortgagors with respect to the underlying securities, or instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could cause other-than-temporary impairment in future periods and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting interest rates, the financial condition of issuers of the securities and the performance of the underlying collateral, we may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We face additional risks due to our increase in mortgage banking activities that have and could negatively impact our net income and profitability. We have established mortgage banking operations which expose us to risks that are different from our retail and commercial banking operations. During higher and rising interest rate environments, the demand for mortgage loans and the level of refinancing activity tends to decline, which can lead to reduced volumes of business and lower revenues, which could negatively impact our earnings. Beginning in early 2022, in response to growing signs of inflation, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates rapidly. Further, the Federal Reserve has increased the benchmark rapidly and has announced an intention to take further actions to mitigate rising inflationary pressures. Because we sell a portion of the mortgage loans we originate, the profitability of our mortgage banking operations also depends in large part on our ability to aggregate a high volume of loans and sell them in the secondary market at a gain. Thus, in addition to our dependence on the interest rate environment, we are dependent upon (a) the existence of an active secondary market and (b) our ability to profitably sell loans into that market. Profitability of our mortgage operations will depend upon our ability to increase production and thus income while holding or reducing costs. In addition, mortgages sold to third-party investors are typically subject to certain repurchase provisions related to borrower refinancing, defaults, fraud or other reasons stipulated in the applicable third-party investor agreements. If the fair value of a loan when repurchased is less than the fair value when sold, we may be required to charge such shortfall to earnings. Any expansion into new lines of business might not be successful. As part of our ongoing strategic plan, we will continue to consider expansion into new lines of business through the acquisition of third parties, or through organic growth and development. There are substantial risks associated with such efforts, including risks that (a) revenues from such activities might not be sufficient to offset the development, compliance, and other implementation costs, (b) competing products and services and shifting market preferences might affect the profitability of such activities, (c) regulatory compliance obligations prevent the success of a new line of business, and (d) our internal controls might be inadequate to manage the risks associated with new activities. Furthermore, it is possible that our unfamiliarity with new lines of business might adversely affect the success of such actions. If any such expansions into new product markets are not successful, there could be an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Any deficiencies in our financial reporting or internal controls could materially and adversely affect us, including resulting in material misstatements in our financial statements, and could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, our operating results could be harmed and it could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in the future. Inferior controls and procedures or the identification of accounting errors could cause our investors to lose confidence in our internal controls and question our reported financial information, which, among other things, could have a negative impact on the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, we could become subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and a higher risk of shareholder litigation, which could result in significant additional expenses and require additional financial and management resources. Inability to retain senior management and key employees or to attract new experienced financial services professionals could impair our relationship with our customers, reduce growth and adversely affect our business. We have assembled a senior management team which has substantial background and experience in banking and financial services. Moreover, much of our historical loan growth was the result of our ability to attract experienced financial services professionals who have been able to attract customers from other financial institutions. Leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. Competition for senior executives and skilled personnel in the financial services and banking industry is intense, as we compete with both smaller banks that may be able to offer bankers with more responsibility and autonomy and larger banks that may be able to offer bankers with higher compensation, resources and support, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. We need to continue to attract and retain key personnel and to recruit qualified individuals to succeed existing key personnel to ensure the continued growth and successful operation of our business. Our ability to effectively compete for senior executives and other qualified personnel by offering competitive compensation and benefit arrangements may be restricted by applicable banking laws and regulations as discussed in Part 1 Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Regulation of the Company Incentive Compensation. Inability to retain these key personnel or to continue to attract experienced lenders with established books of business could negatively impact our growth because of the loss of these individuals skills and customer relationships and/or the potential difficulty of promptly replacing them. In addition, to attract and retain personnel with appropriate skills and knowledge to support our business, we may offer a variety of benefits, which could reduce our earnings. Employee misconduct could expose us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. We are vulnerable to reputational harm because we operate in an industry in which integrity and the confidence of our customers are of critical importance. Our employees could engage in fraudulent, illegal, wrongful or suspicious activities, and/or activities resulting in consumer harm that adversely affects our customers and/or our business. The precautions we take to detect and prevent such misconduct may not always be effective and regulatory sanctions and/or penalties, serious harm to our reputation, financial condition, customer relationships and ability to attract new customers. In addition, improper use or disclosure of confidential information by our employees, even if inadvertent, could result in serious harm to our reputation, financial condition and current and future business relationships. The precautions we take to detect and prevent such misconduct may not always be effective. We may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. We could also be impacted by current or future negative perceptions and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry (including the impact of Moody s Investors Service s rating change of the outlook of the US banking system from stable to negative ), which could worsen over time and result in downward pressure on, and continued or accelerated volatility of, bank securities. Financial services companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. We have exposure to different industries and counterparties, and through transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services companies, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market- 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. These losses or defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Additionally, if our competitors were extending credit on terms we found to pose excessive risks, or at interest rates which we believed did not warrant the credit exposure, we may not be able to maintain our business volume and could experience deteriorating financial performance. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting adverse economic conditions have adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, our business and results. While the level of disruption caused by, and the economic impact of, COVID-19 subsided in 2022, the extent and duration to which the continuing COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business in the future is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and outside our control. These developments include the duration and severity of the pandemic (including the possibility of further surges of COVID-19 variants of concern), supply chain disruptions, decreased demand for our products and services or those of our borrowers, which could increase our credit risk, rising inflation, our ability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel due to labor shortages, talent attrition, employee illness, willingness to return to work, and the actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals to contain the impact of COVID-19, as well as further actions taken by governmental authorities to limit the resulting economic impact. It is also possible that the pandemic and its aftermath will lead to a prolonged economic slowdown in sectors disproportionately affected by the pandemic or recession in the U.S. economy or the world economy in general. Risks Related to Our Stock Our ability to declare and pay dividends is limited. There can be no assurance of whether or when we may pay dividends on our common stock in the future. Future dividends, if any, will be declared and paid at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors. Our principal source of funds used to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be dividends that we receive from SmartBank. Although the Bank s asset quality, earnings performance, liquidity and capital requirements will be taken into account before we declare or pay any future dividends on our common stock, our board of directors will also consider our liquidity and capital requirements and our board of directors could determine to declare and pay dividends without relying on dividend payments from the Bank. Federal and state banking laws and regulations and state corporate laws restrict the amount of dividends we may declare and pay. For example, the Federal Reserve could decide at any time that paying any dividends on our common stock could be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. For a discussion of current regulatory limits on our ability to pay dividends, see Part I Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Regulation of the Company Payment of Dividends in this Report for further information. Even though our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, it has less liquidity than many other stocks quoted on a national securities exchange. The trading volume in our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market has been relatively low when compared with larger companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market or other stock exchanges. Although we have experienced increased liquidity in our stock, we cannot say with any certainty that a more active and liquid trading market for our common stock will continue to develop. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the continued development of the trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause our stock price to fall. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue additional shares of stock or equity derivative securities, including awards to current and future executive officers, directors and employees, which could result in the dilution of shareholders investment. Our authorized capital includes 40,000,000 shares of common stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 16,900,805 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock outstanding and had reserved or otherwise set aside for issuance 32,045 shares underlying outstanding options and 1,766,245 shares that are available for future grants of stock options, restricted stock or other equity-based awards pursuant to our equity incentive plans. Subject to NASDAQ rules, our board of directors generally has the authority to issue all or part of any authorized but unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock for any corporate purpose. We anticipate that we will issue additional equity in connection with the acquisition of other strategic partners and that in the future we likely will seek additional equity capital as we develop our business and expand our operations, depending on the timing and magnitude of any particular future acquisition. These issuances would dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and may dilute the per share book value of the common stock. New investors also may have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to, and that adversely affect, our then existing shareholders. In addition, the issuance of shares under our equity compensation plans will result in dilution of our shareholders ownership of our common stock. The exercise price of stock options could also adversely affect the terms on which we can obtain additional capital. Option holders are most likely to exercise their options when the exercise price is less than the market price for our common stock. They may profit from any increase in the stock price without assuming the risks of ownership of the underlying shares of common stock by exercising their options and selling the stock immediately. Although there are currently no shares of our preferred stock issued and outstanding, our board of directors has the power, without shareholder approval (subject to Nasdaq shareholder approval rules), to set the terms of any series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends or in the event of a dissolution, liquidation or winding up and other terms. In the event that we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over our common stock with respect to payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our common stock, the rights of the holders of our common stock or the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without any action on the part of our shareholders (subject to Nasdaq shareholder approval rules) may impede a takeover of us and prevent a transaction perceived to be favorable to our shareholders. ESG risks could adversely affect our reputation and shareholder, employee, client and third party relationships and may negatively affect our stock price. Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity, equity, inclusion, environmental stewardship, human capital management, support for our local communities, corporate governance and transparency, or fail to consider ESG factors in our business operations. Furthermore, as a result of our diverse base of clients and business partners, we may face potential negative publicity based on the identity of our clients or business partners and the public s (or certain segments of the public s) view of those entities. Such publicity may arise from traditional media sources or from social media and may increase rapidly in size and scope. If our client or business partner relationships were to become intertwined in such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain clients, business partners, and employees may be negatively impacted, and our stock price may also be negatively impacted. Additionally, we may face pressure to not do business in certain industries that are viewed as harmful to the environment or are otherwise negatively perceived, which could impact our growth. Additionally, investors and shareholder advocates are placing ever increasing emphasis on how corporations address ESG issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment theses and proxy recommendations. We may incur meaningful costs with respect to our ESG efforts and if such efforts are negatively perceived, our reputation and stock price may suffer. In addition, ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Our securities are not FDIC insured . Securities that we issue, including our common stock, are not savings or deposit accounts or other obligations of any bank, insured by the FDIC, any other governmental agency or instrumentality, or any private insurer, and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of our shareholders investments. Anti-takeover laws and certain agreements and charter provisions may adversely affect the price of our common stock. Certain provisions of state and federal law and our articles of incorporation may make it more difficult for someone to acquire control of the Company. Under federal law, subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity, or group must notify the federal banking agencies before acquiring 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of a bank holding company, including the Company s shares. Banking agencies review the acquisition to determine if it will result in a change of control. The banking agencies have 60 days to act on the notice, and take into account several factors, including the resources of the acquiror and the antitrust effects of the acquisition. There also are Tennessee statutory provisions and provisions in our charter that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt. As a result, these statutory provisions and provisions in our articles of incorporation could result in the Company being less attractive to a potential acquiror. Secondly, the amount of common stock owned by, and other compensation arrangements with, certain of our officers and directors may make it more difficult to obtain shareholder approval of potential takeovers that they oppose. Agreements with our senior management also provide for significant payments under certain circumstances following a change in control. These compensation arrangements, together with the common stock and option ownership of our board of directors and management, could make it difficult or expensive to obtain majority support for shareholder proposals or potential acquisition proposals that the board of directors and officers oppose. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company s executive offices are located at 5401 Kingston Pike, #600, Knoxville, Tennessee 37919. This property is owned by SmartBank and also serves as a branch location for the Bank s customers. At December 31, 2022, we conducted branch banking operations in 41 offices in 3 states and had one loan production office in one state. We believe that our offices are in good condition and are suitable and adequate to our needs. These offices include both owned and leased facilities as follows: 

State Owned Leased Total Tennessee Branch operations 18 6 24 Loan production office - - - Alabama Branch operations 9 5 14 Loan production office - - - Florida Branch operations 2 1 3 Loan production office - 1 1 29 13 42 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS At December 31, 2022, neither SmartFinancial nor SmartBank was involved in any material litigation. SmartBank is periodically involved as a plaintiff or defendant in various legal actions in the ordinary course of its business. Management believes that any claims pending against SmartFinancial or its subsidiary are without merit or that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from them will not materially affect SmartBank s financial condition or SmartFinancial s consolidated financial position. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information SmartFinancial s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SMBK . As of March 8, 2023, there were approximately 4,687 holders of record of SmartFinancial s common stock and 16,996,288 shares outstanding. Dividends from SmartBank are the Company s primary source of funds to pay dividends on its common stock. Additional information regarding restrictions on the ability of SmartBank to pay dividends to the Company and for the Company to pay dividends to its shareholders is contained in Part I Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Payment of Dividends . Equity Compensation Plan Information For information relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance, see Part III Items 11 and 12. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities On November 20, 2018, the Company announced that its board of directors had authorized a stock repurchase plan pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to 10.0 million in shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. Stock repurchases under the plan will be made from time to time in the open market, at the discretion of the management of the Company, and in accordance with applicable legal requirements. The stock repurchase plan does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be extended, modified, amended, suspended, or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, we have purchased 5.5 million of the authorized 10.0 million and may purchase up to an additional 4.5 million in the Company s outstanding common stock pursuant to the plan. The following table summarizes the Company s repurchase activity during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Total Number of Shares Yet Be Purchased Total Number of Weighted Purchased as Part of Under the Plans Shares Average Price Paid Publicly Announced or Programs (in Period Repurchased Per Share Plans or Programs thousands) October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 4,484 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 4,484 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 4,484 Total 4,484 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph The following performance graph and related information are neither soliciting material nor filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference to such filing. The performance graph compares the cumulative five-year shareholder return on the Company s common stock, assuming an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, and reinvestment of dividends thereafter, to that of the common stocks of United States companies reported in the Russell 3000 Index and the common stocks of the S P SmallCap Bank Index. The S P SmallCap Bank Index contains securities of NYSE and NASDAQ-listed companies with market capitalizations between 250 million and 1 billion. The index primarily includes banks and, to a lesser extent, insurance underwriters and specialty lenders providing a broad range of financial services, including retail banking, loans, and money transmissions. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Selected Financial Data Set forth below is certain selected financial data related to the Company s operations for 2022, 2021 and 2020: (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 2021 2020 Balance Sheet: Total assets 4,637,498 4,611,579 3,304,949 Loans and leases 3,253,627 2,693,397 2,382,243 Allowance for loan and lease losses 23,334 19,352 18,346 Total securities 769,842 559,422 215,634 Goodwill and other intangibles, net 109,772 105,852 86,471 Total deposits 4,077,100 4,021,938 2,805,215 Borrowings 41,860 87,585 81,199 Subordinated debt 42,015 41,930 39,346 Shareholders equity 432,452 429,430 357,168 Income Statement: Interest income 158,834 125,232 117,613 Interest expense 21,333 11,838 16,747 Net interest income 137,501 113,394 100,866 Provision for loan and lease losses 4,018 1,633 8,683 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses 133,483 111,761 92,183 Noninterest income 27,715 23,949 15,426 Noninterest expense 106,290 91,391 76,719 Income before income taxes 54,908 44,319 30,890 Income tax expense 11,886 9,529 6,558 Net income 43,022 34,790 24,332 Per Share Data: Earnings per common share - basic 2.57 2.23 1.63 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 16,740,450 15,572,537 14,955,423 Earnings per common share - diluted 2.55 2.22 1.62 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 16,871,369 15,699,215 15,019,175 Common dividends per share 0.28 0.24 0.20 Book value per share 25.59 25.56 23.64 Common shares outstanding at end of period 16,900,805 16,802,990 15,107,214 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets 0.92 0.91 0.79 Return on average shareholders equity 10.16 8.97 7.13 Tax equivalent net interest margin 3.20 3.24 3.61 Interest rate spread 3.01 3.12 3.41 Noninterest income to average assets 0.59 0.62 0.50 Noninterest expense to average assets 2.27 2.38 2.50 Efficiency ratio 64.33 66.54 65.97 Credit Quality Ratios: Net charge-offs to average loans and leases - (0.02) (0.03) Allowance for loan and leases to total loans and leases 0.72 0.72 0.77 Nonperforming loans and leases to total loans and leases, gross 0.09 0.12 0.24 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.10 0.11 0.31 Capital Ratios 1 : Tier 1 leverage 7.95 7.45 8.70 Common equity Tier 1 9.65 10.56 11.61 Tier 1 capital 9.65 10.56 11.61 Total capital 11.40 12.55 14.07 1 Capital Ratios are for SmartFinancial, Inc. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Business Overview The following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The purpose of this discussion is to focus on information about our financial condition and results of operations which is not otherwise apparent from our consolidated financial statements. The following discussion and analysis should be read along with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and are based on certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable but may prove to be inaccurate. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those set forth in the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections of this Annual Report on Form 10K, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected results discussed in the forward-looking statements appearing in this discussion and analysis. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. We are a bank holding company that was incorporated on September 19, 1983 under the laws of the State of Tennessee, and operate primarily through our wholly-owned bank subsidiary, SmartBank. As of December 31, 2022 the Bank provides a comprehensive suite of commercial and consumer banking services to clients through 41 full-service bank branches and one loan production office in the Florida Panhandle. While we offer a wide range of commercial banking services, we focus on making loans secured primarily by commercial real estate and other types of secured and unsecured commercial loans to small and medium-sized businesses in a number of industries, as well as loans and leases to individuals for a variety of purposes. Our principal sources of funds for loans and leases and investing in securities are deposits and, to a lesser extent, borrowings. We offer a broad range of deposit products, including checking NOW ), savings, money market accounts and certificates of deposit. We actively pursue business relationships by utilizing the business contacts of our senior management, other bank officers and our directors, thereby capitalizing on our knowledge of our local market areas. In addition to our banking services, we offer insurance products through Rains Insurance Agency, Inc. and loans and leases for heavy equipment through Fountain Equipment Finance, LLC., both are subsidiaries of the Bank. The Bank also contracts with RJFS, a registered broker-dealer and investment adviser, to offer and sell various securities and other financial products to the public through associates who are employed by both the Bank and RJFS. RJFS is a subsidiary of Raymond James Financial, Inc. Executive Summary The following is a summary of the Company s financial highlights and significant events during 2022: Completed the asset purchase of Sunbelt. Net income totaled 43.0 million, or 2.55 per diluted common share, during the year ended of 2022 compared to 34.8 million, or 2.22 per diluted common share, for the same period in 2021. Net loans and leases growth of 556.2 million from December 31, 2021, with a record high net loans and leases of 3.2 billion at December 31, 2022. Return on average assets was 0.92 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.91 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Analysis of Results of Operations 2022 compared to 2021 Net income was 43.0 million, or 2.55 per diluted common share in 2022, compared to 34.8 million, or 2.22 per diluted common share in 2021. The tax equivalent net interest margin for 2022 was 3.20 compared to 3.24 for 2021. Noninterest income to average assets was 0.59 for 2022, decreasing from 0.62 for 2021. Noninterest expense to average assets decreased to 2.27 in 2022, down from 2.38 in 2021. Income tax expense was 11.9 million in 2022 with an effective tax rate of 21.7 , compared to 9.5 million in 2021 with an effective tax rate of 21.5 . 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 2021 compared to 2020 Net income was 34.8 million, or 2.22 per diluted common share in 2021, compared to 24.3 million, or 1.62 per diluted common share in 2020. The tax equivalent net interest margin for 2021 was 3.24 compared to 3.61 for 2020. Noninterest income to average assets was 0.62 for 2021, increasing from 0.50 for 2020. Noninterest expense to average assets decreased to 2.38 in 2021, from 2.50 in 2020. The results above include operating effects of the Fountain and SCB acquisitions, which were completed on May 3, 2021, and September 1, 2021, respectively. Income tax expense was 9.5 million in 2021 with an effective tax rate of 21.5 , compared to 6.6 million in 2020 with an effective tax rate of 21.2 . Net Interest Income and Yield Analysis The management of interest income and expense is fundamental to our financial performance. Net interest income, the difference between interest income and interest expense, is the largest component of the Company s total revenue. Management closely monitors both total net interest income and the net interest margin (net interest income divided by average earning assets). We seek to maximize net interest income without exposing the Company to an excessive level of interest rate risk through our asset and liability policies. Interest rate risk is managed by monitoring the pricing, maturity and repricing options of all classes of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Our net interest margin can also be adversely impacted by the reversal of interest on nonaccrual loans and the reinvestment of loan payoffs into lower yielding investment securities and other short-term investments. 2022 compared to 2021 Net interest income, taxable equivalent, increased to 138.2 million in 2022 from 114.0 million in 2021. Average earning assets increased from 3.5 billion in 2021 to 4.3 billion in 2022, primarily from organic loan and lease growth, the acquisition of Fountain completed May 3, 2021 and the acquisition of SCB completed September 1, 2021. Over this period, average loan and lease balances increased by 407.9 million and average securities increased by 488.8 million, offset by a decrease in interest-earning cash and federal funds sold of 103.3 million. Average interest-bearing deposits increased by 571.8 million, average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 278.8 million and average borrowings decreased 50.1 million. The tax equivalent net interest margin decreased to 3.20 for 2022, compared to 3.24 for 2021. The yield on earning assets increased from 3.57 for 2021, to 3.70 for 2022, primarily due to the Company s deployment of excess cash and cash equivalents into loans and leases and securities during 2022 and higher yields on cash deposits in the Federal Reserve System, offset by lower Paycheck Protection Program PPP fee accretion in loan yields. The cost of average interest-bearing deposits increased from 0.36 for 2021, to 0.60 for 2022, primarily due to the impact of rising Federal Reserve rates and to a lesser extent increased pricing competition. 2021 compared to 2020 Net interest income, taxable equivalent, increased to 114.0 million in 2021 from 101.4 million in 2020. Average earning assets increased from 2.8 billion in 2020 to 3.5 billion in 2021, primarily as a result of the acquisition of PFG completed March 1, 2020, the acquisition of Fountain completed May 3, 2021, the acquisition of SCB completed September 1, 2021, participation in the PPP and continued organic loan and lease growth. Over this period, average loan and lease balances increased by 245.4 million, average interest-earning cash and federal funds sold increased by 372.1 million and average securities increased by 93.5 million. Average interest-bearing deposits increased by 552.5 million, average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 270.5 million and average borrowings decreased 94.1 million. The tax equivalent net interest margin decreased to 3.24 for 2021, compared to 3.61 for 2020. The yield on earning assets decreased from 4.20 for 2020, to 3.57 for 2021, primarily due to the on-going effects of rate cuts by the Federal Reserve during the first quarter of 2020, to a lesser extent loan yields declining from market competition and lower yielding excess liquidity, offset by PPP fee accretion and loan fees. The cost of average interest-bearing deposits decreased from 0.71 for 2020, to 0.36 for 2021, primarily due to a lower interest rate environment during the period. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Summary of Average Balances, Interest and Rates The following table presents (dollars in thousands) , for the periods indicated, information about: (i) weighted average balances, the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields; (ii) average balances, the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average rates; (iii) net interest income; (iv) the interest rate spread; and (v) the net interest margin. 

2022 2021 2020 Average Yield/ Average Yield/ Average Yield/ Balance Interest Cost Balance Interest Cost Balance Interest Cost Assets: Loans and leases, including fees 1 2,948,511 136,381 4.63 2,540,577 118,582 4.67 2,296,972 112,312 4.89 Taxable securities 688,428 11,799 1.71 207,459 3,813 1.84 122,900 2,423 1.97 Tax-exempt securities 2 100,566 2,831 2.82 92,708 1,817 1.96 83,765 1,941 2.32 Federal funds sold and other earning assets 577,593 8,488 1.47 680,909 1,622 0.24 308,843 1,509 0.49 Total interest-earning assets 4,315,098 159,499 3.70 3,521,653 125,834 3.57 2,812,480 118,185 4.20 Noninterest-earning assets 373,026 317,457 250,955 Total assets 4,688,124 3,839,110 3,063,435 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 945,414 6,278 0.66 737,251 1,378 0.19 481,050 1,013 0.21 Money market and savings deposits 1,576,170 9,137 0.58 1,191,916 3,501 0.29 788,006 3,482 0.44 Time deposits 513,416 2,813 0.55 533,994 3,970 0.74 641,647 9,102 1.42 Total interest-bearing deposits 3,035,000 18,228 0.60 2,463,161 8,849 0.36 1,910,703 13,597 0.71 Borrowings 3 32,986 602 1.83 83,105 540 0.65 177,204 816 0.46 Subordinated debt 41,970 2,503 5.96 40,221 2,449 6.09 39,301 2,334 5.94 Total interest-bearing liabilities 3,109,956 21,333 0.69 2,586,487 11,838 0.46 2,127,208 16,747 0.79 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,120,555 841,746 571,282 Other liabilities 34,361 23,189 23,775 Total liabilities 4,264,872 3,451,422 2,722,265 Shareholders equity 423,252 387,688 341,170 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 4,688,124 3,839,110 3,063,435 Net interest income, taxable equivalent 138,166 113,996 101,438 Interest rate spread 3.01 3.12 3.41 Tax equivalent net interest margin 3.20 3.24 3.61 Percentage of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 138.75 136.16 132.21 Percentage of average equity to average assets 9.03 10.10 11.14 

 1 Loans include PPP loans with an average balance of 14.1 million, 196.1 million and 201.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Loan fees included in loan income were 4.1 million, 11.1 million, and 9.8 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Loan fee income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, includes 1.9 million, 9.1 million and 5.9 million accretion of loan fees on PPP loans. 2 Yields related to investment securities exempt from income taxes are stated on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming a federal income tax rate of 21.0 in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The taxable-equivalent adjustment was 665 thousand, 602 thousand and 572 thousand for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 3 Includes average balance of 91,190 in Paycheck Protection Liquidity Facility PPLF funding in the twelve month period ended December 31, 2020. No PPLF funding was used the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Rate and Volume Analysis Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. Net interest income, taxable equivalent, increased by 24.2 million between the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and by 12.6 million 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 between the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The following is an analysis of the changes in net interest income comparing the changes attributable to rates and those attributable to volumes (in thousands) : 

2022 Compared to 2021 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (decrease) due to Increase (decrease) due to Rate Volume Net Rate Volume Net Interest-earning assets: Loans and leases (1,241) 19,040 17,799 (5,656) 11,926 6,270 Taxable Securities (99,688) 107,674 7,986 (324) 1,714 1,390 Tax-exempt securities (6,776) 7,790 1,014 (397) 273 (124) Federal funds and other earning assets 6,971 (105) 6,866 (1,013) 1,126 113 Total interest-earning assets (100,734) 134,399 33,665 (7,390) 15,039 7,649 Interest-bearing demand deposits 4,511 389 4,900 (173) 538 365 Money market and savings deposits 4,508 1,128 5,636 (1,765) 1,784 19 Time deposits (1,004) (153) (1,157) (3,605) (1,527) (5,132) Total interest-bearing deposits 8,015 1,364 9,379 (5,543) 795 (4,748) Borrowings 405 (343) 62 163 (439) (276) Subordinated debt (52) 106 54 59 56 115 Total interest-bearing liabilities 8,368 1,127 9,495 (5,321) 412 (4,909) Net interest income (109,102) 133,272 24,170 (2,069) 14,627 12,558 Changes in net interest income are attributed to either changes in average balances (volume change) or changes in average rates (rate change) for earning assets and sources of funds on which interest is received or paid. Volume change is calculated as change in volume times the previous rate while rate change is change in rate times the previous volume. The change attributed to rates and volumes (change in rate times change in volume) is considered above as a change in volume. Noninterest Income Noninterest income is an important component of our total revenues. A significant portion of our noninterest income is associated service charges on deposit accounts and mortgage banking fees. The following table provides a summary of noninterest income for the periods presented (in thousands) : 

Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 December 31, 2021 2020 2022 2021 Change 2020 Change Service charges on deposit accounts 5,853 4,650 1,203 3,403 1,247 Gain on sale of securities 144 45 99 6 39 Mortgage banking 1,552 4,040 (2,488) 3,875 165 Investment services 4,144 2,167 1,977 1,566 601 Insurance commissions 3,595 3,285 310 1,850 1,435 Interchange and debit card transaction fees, net 5,435 4,284 1,151 2,413 1,871 Other 6,992 5,478 1,514 2,313 3,165 Total noninterest income 27,715 23,949 3,766 15,426 8,523 2022 compared to 2021 Noninterest income increased 3.8 million to 27.7 million in 2022, compared to 23.9 million in 2021. The primary components of the changes in noninterest income were as follows: Increase in service charges on deposit accounts, related to the SCB acquisition, deposit growth and transaction volume; Decrease in mortgage banking income, related to increased secondary market interest rates driving lower volume; 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Increase in investment services, stemming from increased production; Increase in interchange and debit card transaction fees, related to increased volume, deposit growth and the SCB acquisition; and Increase in other, primarily related to increased fee income from capital markets activity. 2021 compared to 2020 Noninterest income increased 8.5 million to 23.9 million in 2021, compared to 15.4 million in 2020. The primary components of the changes in noninterest income were as follows: Increase in service charges on deposit accounts, related to the PFG and SCB acquisitions, deposit growth and transaction volume; Increase in investment services, stemming from increased production; Increase in insurance commissions, primarily from a full year of insurance commissions in 2021 and placement of life insurance policies during the first quarter of 2021; Increase in interchange and debit card transaction fees, related to increased volume, deposit growth and the PFG and SCB acquisitions; and Increase in other, primarily related to; (1.) addition of new lease fee income from the acquisition of Fountain, (2.) income from the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance from the additional BOLI purchased during the first quarter of 2021 and (3.) SWAP fee income from the newly created capital markets program in the second quarter of 2021. Noninterest Expense The following table provides a summary of noninterest expense for the periods presented (in thousands) : 

Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 December 31, 2021 2020 2022 2021 Change 2020 Change Salaries and employee benefits 63,420 51,656 11,764 42,911 8,745 Occupancy and equipment 12,034 10,196 1,838 8,348 1,848 FDIC insurance 2,672 1,833 839 1,190 643 Other real estate and loan related expense 2,446 2,098 348 2,050 48 Advertising and marketing 1,293 830 463 834 (4) Data processing and technology 7,283 6,364 919 4,476 1,888 Professional services 3,790 3,147 643 2,958 189 Amortization of intangibles 2,607 2,256 351 1,740 516 Merger related and restructuring expenses 562 3,701 (3,139) 4,565 (864) Other 10,183 9,310 873 7,647 1,663 Total noninterest expense 106,290 91,391 14,899 76,719 14,672 2022 compared to 2021 Noninterest expense increased 14.9 million to 106.3 million in 2022, compared to 91.4 million in 2021. The primary components of the changes in noninterest expense were as follows: Increase in salary and employee benefits, related to the Fountain acquisition completed May 3, 2021 and overall franchise growth from talent hired in Auburn, Dothan, Montgomery and Birmingham Alabama, and Tallahassee, Florida in late 2021, and to a lesser extent, the Sunbelt acquisition completed September 1, 2022; Increase in occupancy and equipment, due to ongoing infrastructure and facilities added to accommodate growth in operations; Increase in FDIC insurance, related to continued asset growth; Increase in data processing and technology, primarily from continued infrastructure build and overall growth; Increase in professional services, related to more services performed during the year; and Increases in other, primarily related to continued franchise growth. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 2021 compared to 2020 Noninterest expense increased 14.7 million to 91.4 million in 2021, compared to 76.7 million in 2020. The primary components of the changes in noninterest expense were as follows: Increase in salary and employee benefits, related to the PFG acquisition completed March 1, 2020, Fountain acquisition completed May 3, 2021, SCB acquisition completed September 1, 2021, and overall franchise growth from talent hired in Auburn, Dothan, Montgomery and Birmingham, Alabama, and Tallahassee, Florida; Increase in occupancy and equipment, due to ongoing infrastructure and facilities added to accommodate growth in operations; Increase in FDIC insurance, related to continued asset growth; Increase in data processing and technology, primarily from continued infrastructure build and overall growth; and Increase in other, primarily from an investment in a start-up fintech company and other expenses related to continued franchise growth. 
 Income Taxes 2022 compared to 2021 In 2022, income tax expense totaled 11.9 million compared to 9.5 million in 2021. The effective tax rate was approximately 21.7 for 2022 compared to 21.5 in 2021. 2021 compared to 2020 In 2021, income tax expense totaled 9.5 million compared to 6.6 million in 2020. The effective tax rate was approximately 21.5 for 2021 compared to 21.2 in 2020. Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition Our loans and leases represent the largest portion of our earning assets, substantially greater than the securities portfolio or any other asset category, and the quality and diversification of the loan and lease portfolio is an important consideration when reviewing our financial condition. The Company had total net loans and leases outstanding, including organic and purchased loans and leases, of approximately 3.23 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2.67 billion at December 31, 2021. Loans secured by real estate, consisting of commercial or residential property, are the principal component of our loan and lease portfolio. Organic Loans and Leases Our organic net loans and leases, which excludes loans and leases purchased through acquisitions, increased by 710.0 million, or 31.9 from December 31, 2021, to 2.93 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase is related to loan production from the addition of the lift-out teams added in Alabama, Florida and Nashville, Tennessee towards the end of 2021. Purchased Loans and Leases Net purchased non-credit impaired loans and leases of 267.4 million at December 31, 2022, decreased by 141.2 million from December 31, 2021. Since December 31, 2021, our net purchased credit impaired PCI loans and leases decreased by 12.6 million to 28.6 million at December 31, 2022. The decrease in net purchased non-credit impaired loans and leases and PCI loans and leases is related to maturities, paydowns and payoffs. Loan Participation Agreements The Bank occasionally enters into loan participation agreements with other banks in the ordinary course of business to diversify credit risk. For certain sold participation loans, the Bank has retained effective control of the loans, typically by restricting the participating institutions from pledging or selling their share of the loan without permission from the Bank. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 GAAP requires the participated portion of these loans to be recorded as secured borrowings. The participated portions of these loans are included in the Commercial Real Estate totals below with a corresponding liability reflected in other borrowings. At December 31, 2022, the total participated portions of loans of this nature totaled 24.6 million and none at December 31, 2021. Subsequent to year-end, these loan participation agreements were amended in order to permit sales treatment accounting. The following tables summarize the composition of our loan and lease portfolio for the periods presented (dollars in thousands) : 

December 31, 2022 Purchased Purchased of Non-Credit Credit Total Gross Organic Impaired Impaired Amount Total Commercial real estate-mortgage 1,465,049 146,766 15,946 1,627,761 50.0 Consumer real estate-mortgage 495,755 83,870 8,352 587,977 18.1 Construction and land development 390,977 9,995 1,529 402,501 12.4 Commercial and industrial 536,730 13,244 1,893 551,867 17.0 Leases 51,506 14,953 968 67,427 2.1 Consumer and other 15,756 335 3 16,094 0.5 Total gross loans and leases receivable, net of deferred fees 2,955,773 269,163 28,691 3,253,627 100.0 Allowance for loan and leases losses (21,476) (1,737) (121) (23,334) Total loans and leases, net 2,934,297 267,426 28,570 3,230,293 

December 31, 2021 Purchased Purchased of Non-Credit Credit Total Gross Organic Impaired Impaired Amount Total Commercial real estate-mortgage 1,157,702 205,579 20,875 1,384,156 51.4 Consumer real estate-mortgage 346,322 119,117 11,833 477,272 17.7 Construction and land development 258,196 17,308 2,882 278,386 10.3 Commercial and industrial 449,909 35,599 2,516 488,024 18.1 Leases 18,067 32,471 3,170 53,708 2.0 Consumer and other 10,536 1,244 71 11,851 0.4 Total gross loans and leases receivable, net of deferred fees 2,240,732 411,318 41,347 2,693,397 100.0 Allowance for loan and lease losses (16,441) (2,732) (179) (19,352) Total loans and leases, net 2,224,291 408,586 41,168 2,674,045 Loan and Lease Portfolio Maturities The following table sets forth the maturity distribution of our loans and leases, including the interest rate sensitivity for loans and leases maturing after one year (in thousands) : 

Rate Structure for Loans and Leases Maturing Over One Year One Year One through Five through Over Fifteen Fixed Floating or Less Five Years Fifteen Years Years Total Rate Rate Commercial real estate-mortgage 102,053 756,287 753,476 15,945 1,627,761 966,936 558,772 Consumer real estate-mortgage 42,938 204,627 205,737 134,675 587,977 268,140 276,899 Construction and land development 144,444 173,793 55,635 28,629 402,501 156,546 101,511 Commercial and industrial 114,276 330,447 100,766 6,378 551,867 354,859 82,732 Leases 2,321 65,106 67,427 65,106 Consumer and other 7,915 7,660 466 53 16,094 7,329 850 Total loans and leases 413,947 1,537,920 1,116,080 185,680 3,253,627 1,818,916 1,020,764 Past Due, Nonaccrual, and Restructured Loans and Leases Loans and leases are considered past due when the contractual amounts due with respect to principal and interest are not received within 30 days of the contractual due date. Loans and leases are generally classified as nonaccrual if they are past due for a period of 90 days or more, unless such loans and leases are well secured and in the process of collection. If a 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 loan or lease, or a portion of a loan or lease is classified as doubtful or as partially charged off, the loan or lease is generally classified as nonaccrual. Loans and leases that are on a current payment status or past due less than 90 days may also be classified as nonaccrual if repayment in full of principal and interest is in doubt. Loans and leases may be returned to accrual status when all principal and interest amounts contractually due are reasonably assured of repayment within an acceptable period of time, and there is a sustained period of repayment performance of interest and principal by the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms. PCI loans and leases with common risk characteristics are grouped in pools at acquisition and performance is based on our ability to reasonably estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows rather than a borrower s ability to repay contractual loan or lease amounts. Since we are able to reasonably estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows on the Company s PCI loan and lease pools, none of these loans and leases have been identified as nonaccrual. While a loan or lease is classified as nonaccrual and the future collectability of the recorded loan or lease balance is doubtful, collections of interest and principal are generally applied as a reduction to the principal outstanding, except in the case of loans and leases with scheduled amortizations where the payment is generally applied to the oldest payment due. When the future collectability of the recorded loan and lease balance is expected, interest income may be recognized on a cash basis. In the case where a nonaccrual loan and lease had been partially charged off, recognition of interest on a cash basis is limited to that which would have been recognized on the recorded loan and lease balance at the contractual interest rate. Receipts in excess of that amount are recorded as recoveries to the allowance for loan and lease losses until prior charge-offs have been fully recovered. Assets acquired as a result of foreclosure are recorded at estimated fair value in other real estate owned. Any excess of cost over estimated fair value at the time of foreclosure is charged to the allowance for loan losses. Valuations are periodically performed on these properties, and any subsequent write-downs are charged to earnings. Routine maintenance and other holding costs are included in noninterest expense. Loans, excluding pooled PCI loans, are classified as troubled debt restructurings TDR by the Company when certain modifications are made to the loan terms and concessions are granted to the borrowers due to financial difficulty experienced by those borrowers. The Company grants concessions by (1) reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt or (2) extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk. The Company does not generally grant concessions through forgiveness of principal or accrued interest. The Company s policy with respect to accrual of interest on loans restructured in a TDR follows relevant supervisory guidance. That is, if a borrower has demonstrated performance under the previous loan terms and shows capacity to perform under the restructured loan terms, continued accrual of interest at the restructured interest rate is likely. If a borrower was materially delinquent on payments prior to the restructuring but shows the capacity to meet the restructured loan terms, the loan will likely continue as nonaccrual until there is demonstrated performance under new terms. Lastly, if the borrower does not perform under the restructured terms, the loan is placed on non-accrual status. The Company closely monitors these loans and ceases accruing interest on them if we believe that the borrowers may not continue performing based on the restructured note terms. PCI loans that were classified as TDRs prior to acquisition are not classified as TDRs by the Company after the acquisition date. Subsequent modification of a PCI loan accounted for in a pool that would otherwise meet the definition of a TDR is not reported, or accounted for, as a TDR since pooled PCI loans are excluded from the scope of TDR accounting. A PCI loan not accounted for in a pool would be reported, and accounted for, as a TDR if modified in a manner that meets the definition of a TDR after the acquisition date. Nonperforming loans and leases as a percentage of gross loans and leases, net of deferred fees, was 0.09 as of December 31, 2022, and 0.12 as of December 31, 2021, respectively. Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets as of December 31, 2022, totaled 0.10 compared to 0.11 as of December 31, 2021. PCI loans and leases that are included in loan pools are reclassified at acquisition to accrual status and thus are not included as nonperforming assets. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 The following table is a summary of our loans and leases that were past due at least 30 days but not more than 89 days and 90 days or more past due as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 (dollars in thousands) : 

Accruing Loans Accruing Loans 30-89 Days 90 Days or More Total Accruing Past Due Past Due Past Due Loans Percentage of Percentage of Percentage of Total Loans in Loans in Loans in Loans Amount Category Amount Category Amount Category December 31, 2022 Commercial real estate 1,627,761 54 - - - 54 - Consumer real estate 587,977 594 0.10 - - 594 0.10 Construction and land development 402,501 - - - - - - Commercial and industrial 551,867 203 0.04 - - 203 0.04 Leases 67,427 1,108 1.64 143 0.21 1,251 1.86 Consumer and other 16,094 107 0.66 - - 107 0.66 Total 3,253,627 2,066 0.06 143 - 2,209 0.07 December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate 1,384,156 172 0.01 - - 172 0.01 Consumer real estate 477,272 894 0.19 - - 894 0.19 Construction and land development 278,386 91 0.03 - - 91 0.03 Commercial and industrial 488,024 1,310 0.27 45 0.01 1,355 0.28 Leases 53,708 361 0.67 - - 361 0.67 Consumer and other 11,851 103 0.87 19 0.16 122 1.03 Total 2,693,397 2,931 0.11 64 - 2,995 0.11 The following table is a summary of our nonaccrual loans and leases as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 (dollars in thousands) : 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Nonaccrual Loans Nonaccrual Loans Percentage of Percentage of Total Loans in Total Loans in Loans Amount Category Loans Amount Category Commercial real estate 1,627,761 - - 1,384,156 858 0.06 Consumer real estate 587,977 1,665 0.28 477,272 2,139 0.45 Construction and land development 402,501 920 0.23 278,386 - - Commercial and industrial 551,867 180 0.03 488,024 116 0.02 Leases 67,427 28 0.04 53,708 - - Consumer and other 16,094 15 0.09 11,851 11 0.09 Total 3,253,627 2,808 0.09 2,693,397 3,124 0.12 Allowance for loans and leases to nonaccrual loans 830.98 619.46 Potential Problem Loans and Leases At December 31, 2022, substandard or problem loans and leases amounted to approximately 2.8 million or 0.09 of total loans and leases outstanding. Potential problem loans and leases, which are not included in nonperforming loans and leases, represent those loans and leases with a well-defined weakness and where information about possible credit problems of borrowers has caused management to have doubts about the borrower s ability to comply with present repayment terms. This definition is believed to be substantially consistent with the standards established by the Bank s primary regulators, for loans classified as substandard or worse, but not considered nonperforming loans and leases. Allocation of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses The allowance for loan and lease losses is an estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan and lease portfolio. Loans and leases are charged-off against the allowance when management believes a loan or lease balance is uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan and lease losses. Management s methodology for estimating the allowance balance consists of several key elements, which include specific allowances on individual impaired loans and leases and the formula driven allowances on pools of loans and leases with similar risk characteristics. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans or leases, but the entire allowance is available for any loan or lease that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. The Company is not required to implement the provisions of the CECL accounting standard issued by the FASB in the ASU No. 2016-13 until January 1, 2023, and continued to account for the allowance for loan losses under the incurred loss model as of December 31, 2022. We assess the adequacy of the allowance at the end of each calendar quarter. This assessment includes procedures to estimate the allowance and test the adequacy and appropriateness of the resulting balance. The level of the allowance is based upon our evaluation of the loan and lease portfolios, past loan and lease loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, the views of the Bank s regulators, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay (including the timing of future payments), the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan and lease portfolio, economic conditions, industry and peer bank loan and lease quality indications and other pertinent factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans and leases that may be susceptible to significant change. We maintain the allowance at a level that we deem appropriate to adequately cover the probable losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our allowance for loan and lease losses was 23.3 million and 19.4 million, respectively, which we deemed to be adequate at each of the respective dates. Our allowance for loan and lease loss as a percentage of total loans and leases was 0.72 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our purchased loans and leases were recorded at fair value upon acquisition. The fair value adjustments on the performing purchased loans and leases will be accreted into income over the life of the loans or leases. At December 31, 2022, the remaining accretable yield was approximately 16.9 million. These loans and leases are subject to the same allowance methodology as our legacy portfolio. The calculated allowance is compared to the remaining fair value discount to determine if additional provisioning should be recognized. Also, at the end of 2022, the outstanding principal balance on PCI loan and leases was 41.5 million and the carrying value was 28.7 million, for a net difference of 12.8 million in discounts. At December 31, 2022, there was an allowance on PCI loans and leases of 121 thousand. The judgments and estimates associated with our allowance determination are described in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The following table sets forth, based on management s best estimate, the allocation of the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases to categories of loans and leases and loan and lease balances by category and the percentage of loans and leases in each category to total loans and leases and allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans and leases within each loan and lease category as of December 31 for each of the past two years (dollars in thousands) : 

Percentage of Loans Ratio of Allowance Amount of in Each Category Total Allocated to Loans in Allowance Allocated to Total Loans Loans Each Category December 31, 2022 Commercial real estate 10,821 50.0 1,627,761 0.66 Consumer real estate 4,028 18.1 587,977 0.69 Construction and land development 3,059 12.4 402,501 0.76 Commercial and industrial 3,997 17.0 551,867 0.72 Leases 1,293 2.1 67,427 1.92 Consumer and other 136 0.5 16,094 0.85 Total 23,334 100.0 3,253,627 0.72 December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate 9,781 51.4 1,384,156 0.71 Consumer real estate 3,454 17.7 477,272 0.72 Construction and land development 1,882 10.3 278,386 0.68 Commercial and industrial 3,781 18.1 488,024 0.77 Leases 330 2.0 53,708 0.61 Consumer and other 124 0.4 11,851 1.05 Total 19,352 100.0 2,693,397 0.72 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 The allocation by category is determined based on the assigned risk rating, if applicable, and environmental factors applicable to each category of loans and leases. For impaired loans and leases, those loans and leases are reviewed for a specific allowance allocation. Specific valuation allowances related to impaired loans and leases were approximately 385 thousand at December 31, 2022, compared to 561 thousand at December 31, 2021. Additional information on the allocation of the allowance between performing and impaired loans and leases is provided in Note 5 Loans and Lease and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses to our audited consolidated financial statements. Analysis of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses The following table presents information related to credit losses on loans and lease by loan segment for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) : 

Ratio of Net (charge-offs) Provision for Net (charge-offs) Average Recoveries to Credit Losses Recoveries Loans Average Loans For the year ended December 31, 2022 Commercial real estate 1,034 6 1,498,235 - Consumer real estate 43 531 520,447 0.10 Construction and land development 1,177 - 360,660 - Commercial and industrial 339 (123) 493,236 (0.02) Leases 879 84 61,960 0.14 Consumer and other 546 (534) 13,973 (3.82) Total 4,018 (36) 2,948,511 - For the year ended December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate 2,119 83 1,213,311 0.01 Consumer real estate 11 (28) 456,529 (0.01) Construction and land development (194) - 293,190 - Commercial and industrial (1,053) (273) 526,586 (0.05) Leases 455 (125) 39,408 (0.32) Consumer and other 295 (284) 11,553 (2.46) Total 1,633 (627) 2,540,577 (0.02) For the year ended December 31, 2020 Commercial real estate 3,052 19 997,659 - Consumer real estate 879 16 456,678 - Construction and land development 947 2 266,204 - Commercial and industrial 3,456 (306) 562,254 (0.05) Leases - - - - Consumer and other 349 (311) 14,177 (2.19) Total 8,683 (580) 2,296,972 (0.03) Investment Portfolio Our investment portfolio is the second largest component of our interest earning assets. The portfolio serves the following purposes: (i) to optimize the Bank s income consistent with the investment portfolio s liquidity and risk objectives; (ii) to balance market and credit risks of other assets and the Bank s liability structure; (iii) to profitably deploy funds which are not needed to fulfill loan demand, deposit redemptions or other liquidity purposes; and (iv) provide collateral which the Bank is required to pledge against public funds. Our available-for-sale investment portfolio is carried at fair market value and our held-to-maturity investment portfolio is carried at amortized cost, and consists primarily of Federal agency bonds, mortgage-backed securities, state and municipal securities and other debt securities. Our investment portfolio increased from 559.4 million at December 31, 2021, to 769.8 million at December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of strategically deploying a portion of the Bank s cash position. New purchases were focused on mortgage-backed securities and Treasuries to provide cash flow and liquidity. Our 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 investment to asset ratio has increased from 12.1 at December 31, 2021, to 16.7 at December 31, 2022. Over the past year, the ratio of investments to our total assets has increased, primarily due to growth in the Bank s cash position driven by the PPP and the desire to deploy in high quality and higher yielding assets compared to cash. The Company purchased 347.9 million of securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was offset by 78.9 million of sales, maturities and payments received during the same period. Net unrealized losses in our available-for-sale securities portfolio were 45.3 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to a net unrealized gain of 33 thousand as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was attributable to changes in market interest rates related to all our securities, relative to when the securities were purchased. During the first quarter of 2022, we transferred 162.4 million of available-for-sale securities to the held-to-maturity category, reflecting our intent to hold those securities to maturity, which reduced the impact of these interest rate changes. The following table presents the contractual maturity of the company s securities by contractual maturity date and average yields based on amortized cost (for all obligations on a fully taxable basis) at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) . The composition and maturity/repricing distribution of the securities portfolio is subject to change depending on rate sensitivity, capital and liquidity needs. 

One Year One through Five through Over Ten or Less Five Years Ten Years Years Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Average Average Average Average Average Available-for-sale: Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) U.S. Treasury - 208,236 1.31 33,270 1.29 - 241,506 1.31 U.S. Government agencies - 1,593 3.69 - - 1,593 3.69 State and political subdivisions 270 3.80 1,826 3.09 7,270 2.68 9,844 3.80 19,210 3.31 Other debt securities - 991 4.06 31,468 4.74 500 4.50 32,959 4.72 Mortgage-backed securities 92 1.28 10,716 2.07 76,706 1.77 146,434 2.39 233,948 2.17 Total securities 362 3.16 223,362 1.39 148,714 2.33 156,778 2.49 529,216 1.98 Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury - 150,295 1.47 - - 150,295 1.47 U.S. Government agencies - - 33,785 1.83 16,754 1.92 50,539 1.86 State and political subdivisions - - 4,285 2.20 49,409 2.13 53,694 2.14 Other debt securities - - - - - Mortgage-backed securities - - 4,890 2.14 26,531 2.13 31,421 2.13 Total securities - 150,295 1.47 42,960 1.90 92,694 2.09 285,949 1.74 1 Based on amortized cost, taxable equivalent basis. Deposits Deposits are the primary source of funds for the Company s lending and investing activities. The Company provides a range of deposit services to businesses and individuals, including noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, Individual Retirement Accounts IRAs and certificates of deposit CDs ). These accounts generally earn interest at rates the Company establishes based on market factors and the anticipated amount and timing of funding needs. The establishment or continuity of a core deposit relationship can be a factor in loan pricing decisions. While the Company s primary focus is on establishing customer relationships to attract core deposits, at times, the Company uses brokered deposits and other wholesale deposits to supplement its funding sources. As of December 31, 2022, brokered deposits represented approximately 0.90 of total deposits. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the average balances outstanding and average interest rates for each major category of deposits for 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) : 

2022 2021 2020 Average of Average Average of Average Average of Average Balance Total Rate Balance Total Rate Balance Total Rate Noninterest-bearing demand 1,120,555 27.0 841,746 25.5 571,282 23.0 Interest-bearing demand 945,414 22.8 0.66 737,251 22.3 0.19 481,050 19.4 0.21 Money market and savings 1,576,170 37.9 0.58 1,191,916 36.1 0.29 788,006 31.7 0.44 Time deposits 513,416 12.4 0.55 533,994 16.2 0.74 641,647 25.9 1.42 Total average deposits 4,155,555 100.0 0.44 3,304,907 100.0 0.27 2,481,985 100.0 0.55 During 2022, average deposits increased in all categories, except for time deposits. The Company believes its deposit product offerings are properly structured to attract and retain core low-cost deposit relationships. The average cost of deposits was 0.44 in 2022 compared to 0.27 in 2021. Total deposits as of December 31, 2022, were 4.1 billion, which was an increase of 55.2 million from December 31, 2021. This increase is related to organic deposit growth from franchise expansion into new markets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding time deposits under 250,000 of 308.1 million, time deposits over 250,000 of 147.2 million, and a time deposit fair value adjustment of 239 thousand. The following table summarizes the maturities of time deposits of 250,000 or more as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands) : 

December 31, 2022 Three months or less 32,044 Three to six months 36,027 Six to twelve months 42,870 More than twelve months 36,221 Total 147,162 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1.65 billion and 1.58 billion, respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured. The uninsured amounts are estimated based on the methodologies and assumptions used for the SmartBank s regulatory reporting requirements. Borrowings and Subordinated Debt Other than deposits, the Company uses short-term borrowings and long-term debt to provide both funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital using debt at the Company level which can be downstreamed as Tier 1 capital to the Bank. Total borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 41.9 million and 87.6 million, respectively. The 45.7 million reduction in borrowings, was primarily the result of the FHLB calling 75.0 million in FHLB Advances during 2022, offset by 24.6 million in secured borrowings and 5.0 million in additional borrowings on a line credit. Short-term borrowings, included in borrowings, totaled 4.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 5.1 million at December 31, 2021 and consisted entirely of securities sold under repurchase agreements. Long-term debt totaled 42.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 41.9 million at December 31, 2021 and consisted entirely of subordinated debt. For more information regarding our borrowings and subordinated debt, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 9 Borrowings and Line of Credit and Note 10 Subordinated Debt. Liquidity Liquidity refers to the measure of our ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs, all at a reasonable cost. We continuously monitor our liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements. We manage our liquidity position to meet the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our shareholders. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Our liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and access to alternative sources of funds. Our liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in correspondent banks, federal funds sold, and fair value of unpledged investment securities. Other available sources of liquidity include wholesale deposits, and additional borrowings from correspondent banks, FHLB advances, and the Federal Reserve discount window. Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily met through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying and maturing balances in our loan and investment portfolios, and increases in customer deposits. Other alternative sources of funds will supplement these primary sources to the extent necessary to meet additional liquidity requirements on either a short-term or long-term basis. As part of our liquidity management strategy, we open federal funds lines with our correspondent banks. As of December 31, 2022, we had 76.5 million of unsecured federal funds lines with no funds advanced. In addition, we have access to the Federal Reserve s discount window in the amount 74.1 million with no borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Federal Reserve discount window line is collateralized by a pool of commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans totaling 99.7 million as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had no FHLB advances outstanding. For more information regarding the FHLB advances, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 9 Borrowings and Line of Credit. Based on the values of loans pledged as collateral, we had 589.8 million of additional borrowing availability with the FHLB as of December 31, 2022. We also maintain relationships in the capital markets with brokers to issue certificates of deposit and money market accounts. The Company had a Loan and Security Agreement and revolving line of credit for an aggregate amount of 25.0 million. The maturity of the line of credit was March 24, 2023. At December 31, 2022, 12.5 million was outstanding under the line of credit, and 12.5 million of the line of credit remained available to the Company. On February 1, 2023, the Loan and Security Agreement was amended, increasing the revolving line of credit to an aggregate amount of 35.0 million and extending the maturity date to February 1, 2025. Capital Requirements The Company and Bank are required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the federal banking agencies may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution s ability to manage those risks are important factors that are to be taken into account by the federal banking agencies in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. The Company uses leverage analysis to examine the potential of the institution to increase assets and liabilities using the current capital base. The key measurements included in this analysis are the Company and Bank s Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, leverage and total capital ratios. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, our capital ratios, including our Company and Bank s capital ratios, exceeded regulatory minimum capital requirements. From time to time we may be required to support the capital needs the Bank. For more information regarding our capital, leverage and total capital ratios, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15 - Regulatory Matters. The table below (dollars in thousands) summarizes the capital requirements applicable to the Company and Bank in order to be considered well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective, as well as the Company and Bank s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company and Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was considered to be well-capitalized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the FDIC categorized the Bank as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. There have been no conditions or events since December 31, 2022, that management believes would change this classification. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Minimum to be well capitalized under Minimum for prompt capital corrective action Actual adequacy purposes provisions 1 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio December 31, 2022 SmartFinancial: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 425,957 11.40 298,966 8.00 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 360,608 9.65 224,224 6.00 N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 360,608 9.65 168,168 4.50 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 2 360,608 7.95 181,387 4.00 N/A N/A SmartBank: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 426,947 11.44 298,476 8.00 373,094 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 403,613 10.82 223,857 6.00 298,476 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 403,613 10.82 167,892 4.50 242,511 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 2 403,613 8.90 181,383 4.00 226,729 5.00 December 31, 2021 SmartFinancial: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 386,627 12.55 246,483 8.00 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 325,345 10.56 184,862 6.00 N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 325,345 10.56 138,647 4.50 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 325,345 7.45 174,578 4.00 N/A N/A SmartBank: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 378,055 12.29 246,053 8.00 307,566 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 358,703 11.66 184,539 6.00 246,053 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 358,703 11.66 138,405 4.50 199,918 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 358,703 8.23 174,384 4.00 217,980 5.00 

 1 The prompt corrective action provisions are applicable at the Bank level only. 2 Average assets for the above calculations were based on the most recent quarter. Contractual Obligations The following tables present, as of December 31, 2022, our significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations (in thousands) : 

As of December 31, 2022, payments due in More Less than 1 to 3 3 to 5 than 5 1 year years years years Total Operating leases 1,400 2,453 1,984 4,773 10,610 Time deposits 317,743 122,350 15,155 11 455,259 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 4,775 4,775 FHLB advances and other borrowings 37,085 37,085 Subordinated debt 42,500 42,500 Total 361,003 124,803 17,139 47,284 550,229 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements At December 31, 2022, we had 912.0 million of pre-approved but unused lines of credit and 6.9 million of standby letters of credit. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and many will expire without being drawn upon. The total commitment level does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. If needed to fund these outstanding commitments, the Bank has the ability to liquidate Federal funds sold or securities available-for-sale, or on a short-term basis to borrow and purchase Federal funds from other financial institutions. Additional information about our off-balance sheet risk exposure is presented in Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities to our audited consolidated financial statements. Critical Accounting Policies The Company has identified accounting policies that are the most critical to fully understand and evaluate its reported financial results and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Management has reviewed the following critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. These policies, along with a brief discussion of the material implications of the uncertainties of each policy, are below. For a full description of these critical accounting policies, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements. Allowance for loan losses In establishing the allowance we take into account reserves required for impaired loans, historical charge-offs for loan types, and a variety of qualitative factors including economic outlook, portfolio concentrations, and changes in portfolio credit quality. Many of the qualitative factors are measurable but there is also a level of subjective assumptions. If those assumptions change it could have a material impact on the level of the allowance required and as a result the earnings of the Company. Fair values for acquired assets and assumed liabilities Assets and liabilities acquired are recorded at their respective fair values as of the date of the acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the net estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities is allocated to identifiable intangible assets with the remaining excess allocated to goodwill. Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the asset s fair value. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 96.1 million in goodwill. The Company performed a qualitative assessment on goodwill and the results indicated that there was no impairment as of December 31, 2022. Cash flow estimates on purchased credit-impaired loans Purchase credit impaired loans do not have traditional loan yields and interest income; instead they have accretable yield and accretion. Any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable discount and is recognized in interest income as accretion over the remaining life of the loan when there is reasonable expectation about the amount and timing of such cash flows. The amount expected to be accreted divided by the accretable discount is the accretable yield. Cash flow estimates are re-evaluated quarterly. If the estimated cash flows increase then the accretable yield over the life of the loan increases. If, however, the estimated cash flows decrease then impairment is generally recognized immediately. Valuation of Other Real Estate Owned Other real estate owned properties are initially recorded at fair value less selling costs. If the fair value decreases the assets are written down and are periodically reviewed for further impairment, if needed. Valuation of deferred tax assets - Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The determination of whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. Deferred tax assets may be reduced by deferred tax liabilities and a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of evidence available, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 24.6 million in net deferred tax assets. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Evaluation of investment securities for other than temporary impairment - We evaluate investment securities for other than temporary impairment taking into account if we do not have the intent to sell a debt security prior to recovery and it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell the debt security prior to recovery, the security would not be considered other than temporarily impaired unless a credit loss has occurred in the security. Temporary impairments are recognized on the balance sheet in other comprehensive income/loss. If a security becomes permanently impaired the impairment expense would be recognized and reduce earnings. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 70.7 million in gross unrealized losses on investment securities that were classified as temporarily impaired. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market Risk and Liquidity Risk Management The Bank s Asset Liability Management Committee ALCO ), oversees market risk management and establishes risk measures, limits on policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. A variety of measures are used to provide for a comprehensive overview of the Company s magnitude of interest rate risk, the distribution of risk, the level of risk over time and the exposure to changes in certain interest rate relationships. We utilize an independent third party earnings simulation model as the primary quantitative tool in measuring the amount of interest rate risk associated with changing market rates. The model quantifies the effects of various interest rate scenarios on projected net interest income and net income over the next 12-24 months. The model measures the impact on net interest income relative to a flat-rate case scenario of hypothetical fluctuations in interest rates over the next 12-24 months. These simulations incorporate assumptions regarding balance sheet growth and mix, pricing and the repricing and maturity characteristics of the existing and projected balance sheet. The impact of interest rate, caps and floors, is also included in the model. Other interest rate-related risks such as prepayment, basis and option risk are also considered. In addition, third parties will join the meetings of ALCO to provide feedback regarding future balance sheet structure, earnings and liquidity strategies. ALCO continuously monitors and manages the balance between interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. The objective is to manage the impact of fluctuating market rates on net interest income within acceptable levels. In order to meet this objective, management may lengthen or shorten the duration of assets or liabilities. Interest Rate Sensitivity Interest rate sensitivity refers to the responsiveness of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities to changes in market interest rates. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk arising from fluctuations in interest rates. ALCO measures and evaluates the interest rate risk so that we can meet customer demands for various types of loans and leases and deposits. ALCO determines the most appropriate amounts of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet items. The primary measurements we use to help us manage interest rate sensitivity are an earnings simulation model and an economic value of equity model. These measurements are used in conjunction with competitive pricing analysis and are further described below. Earnings Simulation Model. We believe interest rate risk is effectively measured by our earnings simulation modeling. Earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and off-balance sheet financial instruments are combined with simulated forecasts of interest rates for the next 12 months. To limit interest rate risk, we have guidelines for our earnings at risk which seek to limit the variance of net interest income in instantaneous changes to interest rates. We also periodically monitor simulations based on various rate scenarios such as non-parallel shifts in market interest rates over time. For changes up or down in rates from our static interest rate forecast over the next 12 months, limits in the decline in net interest income are as follows: 

Estimated Change in Net Interest Income Over 12 Months December 31, 2022: Instantaneous, Parallel Change in Prevailing Interest Rates Equal to: 100 basis points increase (0.44) 200 basis points increase (0.99) 100 basis points decrease 0.27 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Economic Value of Equity. Our economic value of equity model measures the extent that estimated economic values of our assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items will change as a result of interest rate changes. Economic values are determined by discounting expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items, which establishes a base case economic value of equity. To help monitor our related risk, we have established the following policy limits regarding simulated changes in our economic value of equity: 

Current Estimated Instantaneous Rate Change December 31, 2022: Instantaneous, Parallel Change in Prevailing Interest Rates Equal to: 100 basis points increase (1.01) 200 basis points increase (2.72) 100 basis points decrease (0.13) At December 31, 2022, our model results indicated that we were within these policy limits. Each of the above analyses may not, on its own, be an accurate indicator of how our net interest income will be affected by changes in interest rates. Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated with interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by changes in interest rates. In addition, the magnitude and duration of changes in interest rates may have a significant impact on net interest income. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods of repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities fluctuate in advance of changes in general market rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in general market rates. In addition, certain assets, such as adjustable rate mortgage loans, have features (generally referred to as interest rate caps and floors) which limit changes in interest rates. Prepayment and early withdrawal levels also could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the maturity of certain instruments. The ability of many borrowers to service their debts also may decrease during periods of rising interest rates. Our ALCO reviews each of the above interest rate sensitivity analyses along with several different interest rate scenarios as part of its responsibility to provide a satisfactory, consistent level of profitability within the framework of established liquidity, loan, investment, borrowing, and capital policies. Liquidity Risk Management The purpose of liquidity risk management is to ensure that there are sufficient cash flows to satisfy loan and lease demand, deposit withdrawals, and our other needs. Traditional sources of liquidity for a bank include asset maturities and growth in core deposits. A bank may achieve its desired liquidity objectives from the management of its assets and liabilities and by internally generated funding through its operations. Funds invested in marketable instruments that can be readily sold and the continuous maturing of other earning assets are sources of liquidity from an asset perspective. The liability base provides sources of liquidity through attraction of increased deposits and borrowing funds from various other institutions. Changes in interest rates also affect our liquidity position. We currently price deposits in response to market rates and intend to continue this policy. If deposits are not priced in response to market rates, a loss of deposits could occur which would negatively affect our liquidity position. Scheduled loan and lease payments are a relatively stable source of funds, but loan and lease payoffs and deposit flows fluctuate significantly, being influenced by interest rates, general economic conditions and competition. Additionally, debt securities are subject to prepayment and call provisions that could accelerate their payoff prior to stated maturity. We attempt to price our deposit products to meet our asset/liability objectives consistent with local market conditions. Our ALCO is responsible for monitoring our ongoing liquidity needs. Our regulators also monitor our liquidity and capital resources on a periodic basis. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices As a financial institution, we have an asset and liability make-up that is distinctly different from that of an entity with substantial investments in plant and inventory, because the major portions of a commercial bank s assets are monetary in nature. As a result, our performance may be significantly influenced by changes in interest rates. Although we, and the banking industry, are more affected by changes in interest rates than by inflation in the prices of goods and services, inflation is a factor that may influence interest rates. However, the frequency and magnitude of interest rate fluctuations do not necessarily coincide with changes in the general inflation rate. Inflation does affect operating expenses in that personnel expenses and the cost of supplies and outside services tend to increase more during periods of high inflation. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA SMARTFINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY Report on Consolidated Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 61 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 62 Consolidated Financial Statements 68 Consolidated Balance Sheets 68 Consolidated Statements of Income 69 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 70 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 71 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 72 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 73 Note 2. Business Combinations 83 Note 3. Earnings Per Share 88 Note 4. Securities 89 Note 5. Loans and Leases and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 92 Note 6. Premises and Equipment 103 Note 7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 104 Note 8. Deposits 106 Note 9. Borrowings and Line of Credit 106 Note 10. Subordinated Debt 108 Note 11. Leases 108 Note 12. Income Taxes 110 Note 13. Employee Benefit Plans 111 Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies 114 Note 15. Regulatory Matters 115 Note 16. Concentrations of Credit Risk 116 Note 17. Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities 117 Note 18. Derivatives 121 Note 19. Other Comprehensive Income 124 Note 20. Condensed Parent Information 125 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of SmartFinancial, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and affected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. As permitted by guidance provided by the Staff of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Sunbelt Group, LLC. Sunbelt ), acquired on September 1, 2022. Sunbelt represented 0.38 and 0.15 of consolidated revenue (total interest income and total noninterest income) and consolidated total assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our evaluation included a review of the documentation of controls, evaluations of the design of the internal control system and tests of the effectiveness of internal controls. Based on our assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, SmartFinancial, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. FORVIS, LLP the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included herein. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Report of I nde pendent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee SmartFinancial, Inc. Knoxville, Tennessee Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SmartFinancial, Inc. (Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses The Company s loan and lease portfolio totaled 3.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated allowance for loan and lease losses (ALLL) on loans was 23.3 million. As more fully described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates the ALLL at a level that is appropriate to cover estimated credit losses on individually evaluated loans determined to be impaired, as well as estimated credit losses in the remainder of the loan and lease portfolio. The determination of the ALLL requires significant judgment reflecting the Company s best estimate of probable loan and lease losses and consisted of general reserves on loans collectively evaluated for impairment and specific reserves on loans individually evaluated for impairment. Historical loss rates are analyzed by segment and applied to loans not considered impaired. Historical loss rates are adjusted for qualitative factors that, in management s judgment, reflect the impact of current conditions on loss recognition. The qualitative risk factor identification and analysis requires management to exercise significant judgment to adjust the estimate of losses based on the most recent information available and to address other limitations in the quantitative component that is based on historical loss rates. The Company s qualitative adjustments include changes in local and national economic conditions, changes in asset quality, changes in loan and lease portfolio volume, the composition and concentrations of credit, the impact of competition on loan and lease structuring and pricing, the impact of the regulatory environment and changes in laws effectiveness of the Company s loan and lease policies, procedures, and internal controls. The evaluation of these factors contributes significantly to the general reserve component of the estimate of the allowance for loan losses. We identified the valuation of the ALLL as a critical audit matter. Auditing the ALLL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic conditions and other qualitative factors and evaluating the adequacy of specific reserves on individually evaluated loans. The primary procedures we performed related to this critical audit matter included: Obtained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALLL, including the qualitative factor adjustments of the ALLL Evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the ALLL calculation, including data completeness and accuracy, verification of historical net loss data, and calculated net loss rates, the establishment of qualitative adjustments, grading and risk classification of loans, including independent loan review functions, establishment of specific reserves on impaired loans and management s review controls over qualitative factors and the ALLL as a whole Tested completeness and accuracy of the information utilized in the calculation of the ALLL, including reports used in management review controls over the ALLL Tested clerical/computational accuracy of the formulas within the calculation Evaluated the qualitative adjustments to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions Evaluated management s risk ratings of loans Evaluated specific reserves on impaired loans Considered the overall reasonableness of the estimated reserve by considering past performance of the Company s loan portfolio, trends in credit quality indicators of the loan portfolio and trends in peer institutions 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 credit quality and ALLL, and comparing the trends to the Company s allowance for loan loss trends for directional consistency compared to previous years Evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. Louisville, Kentucky March 16, 2023 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee SmartFinancial, Inc. Knoxville, Tennessee Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited SmartFinancial, Inc. s (Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting , the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Sunbelt Group, LLC acquired on September 1, 2022. Sunbelt Group, LLC represented .38 percent and .15 percent of consolidated total revenue and consolidated total assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP Louisville, Kentucky March 16, 2023 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Predecessor Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of SmartFinancial, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows, of SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary (Company) for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Successor to Dixon Hughes Goodman, LLP) We have served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to 2021. Atlanta, Georgia March 16, 2021 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 2021 ASSETS: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Federal funds sold Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost Other investments Loans held for sale Loans and leases Less: Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Loans and leases, net Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned Goodwill and other intangibles, net Bank owned life insurance Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Money market and savings Time deposits Total deposits Borrowings Subordinated debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; No shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Income For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Loans and leases, including fees Securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Federal funds sold and other earning assets Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Borrowings Subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan and lease losses Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Gain on sale of securities Mortgage banking Investment services Insurance commissions Interchange and debit card transaction fees, net Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment FDIC insurance Other real estate and loan related expense Advertising and marketing Data processing and technology Professional services Amortization of intangibles Merger related and restructuring expenses Other Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Investment securities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale ) ) Tax effect ) Reclassification of unrealized gain (loss) on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Tax effect ) Amortization of unrealized gains on investment securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Tax effect ) Reclassification adjustment for realized losses (gains) included in net income ) ) Tax effect ) Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Fair value hedging activities: Unrealized gains (losses) on fair value municipal security hedges ) ) Tax effect ) Reclassification adjustment for realized gains from the termination of derivative financial instrument included in net income ) Tax effect Unrealized gains (losses) on fair value municipal security hedge instruments arising during the period, net of tax ) ) Cash flow hedging activities: Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) Tax effect Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge instruments arising during the period, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Accumulated Other Common Stock Additional Retained Comprehensive Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance, December 31, 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock options exercised Restricted stock ) Shareholders of Progressive Financial Group, Inc. Stock compensation expense Common stock dividend per share) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock options exercised Restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Restricted stock withheld for taxes ) ) ) Shareholders of Sevier County Bancshares, Inc. Stock compensation expense Common stock dividend per share) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock options exercised Restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Restricted stock withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Common stock dividend per share) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Accretion of fair value purchase accounting adjustments, net ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets Provision for loan and lease losses Stock compensation expense Gain from redemption and sale of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Net losses from sale and write downs of other real estate owned Net gains from mortgage banking ) ) ) Origination of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Net (gain) from sale of loans and credit cards ) Net gain from sale of fixed assets ) Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Accrued interest payable ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Available-for-sale: Proceeds from sales Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns Purchases ) ) ) Held-to-maturity: Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns Purchases ) ) Proceeds from sales of other investments Purchases of other investments ) ) ) Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance benefits Net (increase) decrease in loans and leases ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Proceeds received from dissolved derivative instrument Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds received from sale of loans Net cash (paid) received from business combinations ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net increase (decrease) in securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings Repayment borrowings ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of restricted shares withheld for taxes Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest Net cash paid/received during the period for income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities: Acquisition of real estate through foreclosure Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Transfer from bank premises to other real estate owned Change in goodwill due to acquisitions and sale of a portfolio of loans The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 73 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 74 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 75 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 76 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 thousand where physical possession had been obtained and included with in other real estate owned assets and ne at December 31, 2021. There was one residential real estate loan for thousand in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022, and ne at December 31, 2021. 
 77 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 78 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 79 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 80 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 81 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and our liability for unfunded commitments will increase to million. The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, is million. This estimate is influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of our loan portfolio, as well as the economic conditions and forecasts as of each reporting period. These economic conditions and forecasts could be significantly different in future periods and will be evaluated quarterly. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will also depend on the current period net charge-offs, level of loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging - Portfolio Layer Method , which allows multiple hedged layers to be designated for a single closed portfolio of financial assets resulting in a greater portion of the interest rate risk in the closed portfolio being eligible to be hedged. The amendments allow the flexibility to use different types of derivatives or combinations of derivatives to better align with risk management strategies. Furthermore, among other things, the amendments clarify that basis adjustments of hedged items in the closed portfolio should be allocated at the portfolio level and not the individual assets within the portfolio. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted, including early adoption in an interim period. An entity should apply ASU 2022-01 prospectively. If an entity elects to early adopt ASU 2022-01 in an interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period. The Company is assessing ASU 2022-01 and its impact on its accounting and disclosures. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures , which removes the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings and requires entities to evaluate whether a modification provided to a borrower results in a new loan or continuation of an existing loan. The amendments enhance existing disclosures and require new disclosures for receivables when there has been a modification in contractual cash flows due to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Additionally, the amendments require public business entities to disclose gross charge-off information by year of origination in the vintage disclosures. The guidance is effective for entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13 for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted, including early adoption in an interim period. An entity should apply ASU 2022-02 prospectively. If an entity elects to early adopt ASU 2022-02 in an interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period. The Company will adopt ASU 2022-02 when adopting ASU 2016-13 in January 2023 and is assessing its impact on its accounting and disclosures In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions , which clarifies that a contractual sale restriction should not be considered in measuring fair value. It also requires entities with investments in equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions to disclose certain qualitative and quantitative information about such securities. The guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. All other entities have an extra year to adopt; early adoption is permitted. The Company is assessing ASU 2022-03 and its impact on its accounting and disclosures. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements: In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , and has issued subsequent amendments thereto, which provides temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. It is intended to help stakeholders during the global market-wide reference rate transition period. The guidance is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued an update to Accounting Standards Update 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of 
 82 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 thousand of assets and assumed thousand of liabilities from Sunbelt. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Rains Agency paid an aggregate amount of consideration to Sunbelt of million, of which million was paid in cash at the closing and the remainder of which will be payable in equal cash installments on September 1, 2023, and September 1, 2024 (the Deferred Payments ). The Deferred Payments are subject to acceleration in certain circumstances involving a change in control of Rains Agency and are subject to set-off for any indemnification or other obligations of the Sunbelt and its sole member to Rains Agency under the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The fair value of consideration paid exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired and resulted in the establishment of goodwill in the amount of million, representing the intangible value of Sunbelt s business and reputation within the markets it served. The goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company established an intangible asset related to customer relationships of million, amortizing sum-of-the-years digits over 168 months years). 
 83 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Customer list intangible Equipment, net ) Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Payables and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Excess of liabilities acquired over assets assumed ) Aggregate fair value adjustments Total identifiable net assets Consideration transferred: Purchase price Total fair value of consideration transferred Goodwill 

 (1) Fair values are preliminary and are subject to refinement for a period of one year after the closing date of an acquisition as information relative to the closing date fair value becomes available. The following table discloses the impact of the purchase of Sunbelt since the acquisition date through the year ended December 31, 2022. The table also presents certain pro-forma information (net interest income plus total noninterest income Revenue and net income) as if the Sunbelt purchase had occurred on January 1, 2021. The pro-forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations had the acquisitions been effective as of these dates. Merger-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, were thousand, respectively, and have been excluded from the pro-forma information presented below. The actual results and pro-forma information were as follows (in thousands) : Supplemental consolidation pro-forma as if Sunbelt had been acquired January 1, 2022 2021: Supplemental consolidation pro-forma as if Sunbelt had been acquired January 1, 2021 Sevier County Bancshares, Inc. On September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Sevier County Bancshares, Inc., a Tennessee corporation SCB ), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 13, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ). In connection with the merger, the Company acquired million of assets and assumed million of liabilities. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the merger, SCB shareholders were entitled to receive for each share of SCB common stock, par value per share, outstanding immediately prior to the Merger, either (i) in cash (the Per Share Cash Consideration ), or (ii) shares of Company common stock, par value (the Per Share 
 84 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 shares or more of SCB common stock will receive the Per Share Stock Consideration and (ii) each SCB shareholder holding fewer than shares of SCB common stock may elect to receive either the Per Share Stock Consideration or the Per Share Cash Consideration. SmartFinancial issued shares of SmartFinancial common stock and paid million in cash as consideration for the Merger. The fair value of consideration paid exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired and resulted in the establishment of goodwill in the amount of million, representing the intangible value of SCB s business and reputation within the markets it served. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company is amortizing the related core deposit intangible of million using the effective yield method over 120 months ), which represents the expected useful life of the asset. Investment securities available-for-sale ) Restricted investments Loans ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) Premises and equipment, net ) ) Bank owned life insurance Deferred tax asset, net ) Core deposit intangible Interest Receivable Other assets ) ) Total assets acquired ) ) Liabilities: Deposits Time deposit premium Subordinated debt Payables and other liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Excess of assets acquired over liabilities assumed Aggregate fair value adjustments ) ) Total identifiable net assets Consideration transferred: Cash Common stock issued shares) Total fair value of consideration transferred Goodwill Non-accretable differences Cash flows expected to be collected Accretable yield Fair value 
 85 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million of assets and assumed thousand of liabilities. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid an aggregate amount of consideration to the Fountain members of million in cash at closing, and the Company repaid approximately million of Fountain s indebtedness. In addition to the closing consideration, the Purchase Agreement contains a performance-based earnout, pursuant to which the former members of Fountain could be entitled to up to million, which is excluded from consideration pursuant to ASC 805, in future cash payments from the Company based on future results of the acquired business over various periods through December 31, 2026. The fair value of consideration paid exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired and resulted in the establishment of goodwill in the amount of million, representing the intangible value of Fountains business and reputation within the markets it served. The goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company established an intangible asset related to customer relationships of million, amortizing sum-of-the-years digits over 96 months ). Leases ) Allowance for lease losses ) Customer list intangible Other repossessed assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Payables and other liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Excess of assets acquired over liabilities assumed Aggregate fair value adjustments Total identifiable net assets Consideration transferred: Cash Total fair value of consideration transferred Goodwill Non-accretable differences Cash flows expected to be collected Accretable yield Fair value 
 86 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Acquisition of Progressive Financial Group, Inc. On March 1, 2020, the Company completed the merger of Progressive Financial Group, Inc., a Tennessee corporation PFG ), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 29, 2019 (the Merger Agreement ). In connection with the merger, the Company acquired million of assets and assumed million of liabilities. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of PFG common stock was converted into and cancelled in exchange to the right to receive in cash, and shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued shares of its common stock and paid million in cash as consideration for the Merger. The fair value of consideration paid exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired and resulted in the establishment of goodwill in the amount of million, representing the intangible value of PFG s business and reputation within the markets it served. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company is amortizing the related core deposit intangible of million using the effective yield method over 120 months ), which represents the expected useful life of the asset. The Company also established two intangible assets related to the insurance agency acquired as part of the PFG acquisition; 1.) Customer relationships of million, amortizing sum-of-the-years digits over 120 months ), 2.) Tradename of thousand, amortizing straight-line over 60 months ). Investment securities available-for-sale Restricted investments Loans ) Allowance for loan losses ) Premises and equipment, net ) Bank owned life insurance Deferred tax asset, net Intangibles Other real estate owned ) ) Interest Receivable ) Prepaids ) Goodwill ) Other assets Total assets acquired ) ) Liabilities: Deposits Time deposit premium Payables and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Excess of assets acquired over liabilities assumed Aggregate fair value adjustments ) ) Total identifiable net assets Consideration transferred: Cash Common stock issued shares) Total fair value of consideration transferred Goodwill 
 87 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Non-accretable differences Cash flows expected to be collected Accretable yield Fair value antidilutive shares for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and thousand antidilutive shares for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. The following is a summary of the basic and diluted earnings per share computation (dollars in thousands, except per share data) : Average common shares outstanding basic Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share computation: Net income available to common shareholders Average common shares outstanding basic Incremental shares from assumed conversions: Stock options and restricted stock Average common shares outstanding - diluted Diluted earnings per common share 
 88 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) Municipal securities ) Other debt securities ) Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) ) Total ) December 31, 2022 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Held-to-maturity: Cost Gains Losses Value U.S. Treasury ) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) Municipal securities ) Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) ) Total ) ) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) Municipal securities ) Other debt securities ) Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) ) Total ) ) Municipal securities ) Total ) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with a carrying value totaling approximately million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure public funds and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 89 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and million, respectively, of available-for-sale securities to the held-to-maturity category, reflecting the Company s intent to hold those securities to maturity. Transfers of investment securities into the held-to-maturity category from the available-for-sale category are made at fair value at the date of transfer. The related million of unrealized holding loss that was included in the transfer is retained in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, and in the carrying value of the held-to-maturity securities. This amount will be amortized as an adjustment to interest income over the remaining life of the securities. This will offset the impact of amortization of the net premium created in the transfer. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. The Company has entered into various fair value hedging transactions to mitigate the impact of changing interest rates on the fair values of available for sale securities. See Note 18 Derivatives Financial Instruments for disclosure of the gains and losses recognized on derivative instruments and the cumulative fair value hedging adjustments to the carrying amount of the hedged securities. Due from one year to five years Due from five years to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total Held-to-maturity: Due in one year or less Due from one year to five years Due from five years to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total 
 90 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) ) ) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Other debt securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Gross Number Gross Number Gross Number Fair Unrealized of Fair Unrealized of Fair Unrealized of Held-to-maturity: Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities U.S. Treasury ) ) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Gross Number Gross Number Gross Number Fair Unrealized of Fair Unrealized of Fair Unrealized of Available-for-sale: Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities U.S. Treasury ) ) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Other debt securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Gross Number Gross Number Gross Number Fair Unrealized of Fair Unrealized of Fair Unrealized of Held-to-maturity: Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Total ) ) The Company reviews the securities portfolio on a quarterly basis to monitor its exposure to other-than-temporary impairment. A determination as to whether a security s decline in fair value is other-than-temporary takes into consideration numerous factors and the relative significance of any single factor can vary by security. Some factors the 
 91 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 impairment on its other investment securities. Federal Home Loan Bank stock First National Bankers Bank stock Total Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Total loans and leases Less: Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Loans and leases, net 

 1 Purchased Credit Impaired loans and leases PCI loans and leases are loans and leases with evidence of credit deterioration at purchase. For purposes of the disclosures required pursuant to the adoption of ASC 310, the loan and lease portfolio was disaggregated into segments. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic method for determining its allowance for credit losses. There are loan and lease portfolio segments that 
 92 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and ne at December 31, 2021. Subsequent to year-end, these loan participation agreements were amended in order to permit sales treatment accounting. Credit Risk Management: The Company employs a credit risk management process with defined policies, accountability and routine reporting to manage credit risk in the loan and lease portfolio segments. Credit risk management is guided by credit policies that provide for a consistent and prudent approach to underwriting and approvals of credits. Within the Credit Policy, 
 93 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 94 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Impaired loans and leases PCI loans and leases Total loans and leases December 31, 2021: Performing loans and leases Impaired loans and leases PCI loans and leases Total loans and leases Impaired loans and leases PCI loans and leases Total loans and leases December 31, 2021: Performing loans and leases Impaired loans and leases PCI loans and leases Total loans and leases 
 95 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Charged-off loans and leases ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge-offs Provision charged to expense Ending balance 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Consumer Construction Commercial Commercial Real and Land and Consumer Real Estate Estate Development Industrial Leases and Other Total Beginning balance Charged-off loans and leases ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge-offs Provision charged to expense ) ) Ending balance 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Consumer Construction Commercial Commercial Real and Land and Consumer Real Estate Estate Development Industrial Leases and Other Total Beginning balance Charged-off loans and leases ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge-offs Provision charged to expense Ending balance We maintain the allowance at a level that we deem appropriate to adequately cover the probable losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. Our provision for loan and lease losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, our allowance for loan and lease losses was million and million, respectively, which we deemed to be adequate at each of the respective dates. Our allowance for loan and lease loss as a percentage of total loans was at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A description of the general characteristics of the risk grades used by the Company is as follows: Pass: Loans and leases in this risk category involve borrowers of acceptable-to-strong credit quality and risk who have the apparent ability to satisfy their loan and lease obligations. Loans and leases in this risk grade would possess sufficient mitigating factors, such as adequate collateral or strong guarantors possessing the capacity to repay the debt if required, for any weakness that may exist. Watch: Loans and leases in this risk category involve borrowers that exhibit characteristics, or are operating under conditions that, if not successfully mitigated as planned, have a reasonable risk of resulting in a downgrade within the next six to twelve months. Loans and leases may remain in this risk category for six months and then are either upgraded or downgraded upon subsequent evaluation. 
 96 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 97 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Watch Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total PCI Loans and Leases: Pass Watch Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Total loans and leases 

December 31, 2021 Construction Commercial Commercial Consumer and Land and Consumer Non PCI Loans and Leases: Real Estate Real Estate Development Industrial Leases and Other Total Pass Watch Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total PCI Loans and Leases: Pass Watch Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Total loans and leases Past Due Loans and Leases: A loan or lease is considered past due if any required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were required to be made under the terms of the loan agreement. Generally, management places a loan or lease on nonaccrual when there is a clear indication that the borrower s cash flow may not be sufficient to meet payments as they become due, which is generally when a loan is 90 days past due. 
 98 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Total 

December 31, 2021 30-60 Days 61-89 Days Past Due 90 Total Past Due and Past Due and Days or More Past Due and Accruing Accruing and Accruing Nonaccrual Nonaccrual PCI Current Total Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Total Impaired Loans and Leases: A loan or lease held for investment is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due (both principal and interest) according to the terms of the loan or lease agreement. 
 99 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Impaired loans and leases with a valuation allowance: Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other PCI loans and leases: Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Total impaired loans and leases 
 100 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Impaired loans and leases with a valuation allowance: Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other PCI loans and leases: Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Total impaired loans and leases Troubled Debt Restructurings: At December 31, 2022 and 2021, impaired loans included loans that were classified as TDRs. The restructuring of a loan is considered a TDR if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the creditor has granted a concession. In assessing whether or not a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, the Company considers information currently available regarding the financial condition of the borrower. This information includes, but is not limited to, whether: (i) the debtor is currently in payment default on any of its debt; (ii) a payment default is probable in the foreseeable future without the modification; (iii) the debtor has declared or is in the process of declaring bankruptcy; and (iv) the debtor s projected cash flow is sufficient to satisfy contractual payments due under the original terms of the loan without a modification. The Company considers all aspects of the modification to loan terms to determine whether or not a concession has been granted to the borrower. Key factors considered by the Company include the debtor s ability to access funds at a market rate for debt with similar risk characteristics, the significance of the modification relative to unpaid principal balance or collateral value of the debt, and the significance of a delay in the timing of payments relative to the original contractual terms of the loan. The most common concessions granted by the Company generally include one or more modifications to the terms of the debt, such as: (i) a reduction in the interest rate for the remaining life of the debt; (ii) an extension of the maturity date at an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk; (iii) a temporary period of interest-only payments; and (iv) a reduction in the contractual payment amount for either a short period or remaining term of the loan. 
 101 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 thousand and thousand, respectively, in loans that met the criteria for TDR restructured loans, none of which were on nonaccrual. A loan is placed back on accrual status when both principal and interest are current and it is probable that management will be able to collect all amounts due (both principal and interest) according to the terms of the loan agreement. Consumer and other There was loan that was modified as troubled debt restructuring during the past twelve months, but was paid-off after the restructuring and not outstanding at December 31, 2022. None of the trouble debt restructurings are currently past due. Foreclosure Proceedings and Balances : As of December 31, 2022, there was residential real estate property for thousand in which physical possession had been obtained and included within other real estate owned assets and ne at December 31, 2021. There was residential real estate loan for thousand in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022, and ne at December 31, 2021. Purchased Credit Impaired Loans and Leases: Consumer real estate Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Leases Consumer and other Total loans and leases Less: Remaining purchase discount ) ) Total loans and leases, net of purchase discount Less: Allowance for loan and leases losses ) ) Carrying amount, net of allowance 
 102 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Additions Accretion income ) ) ) Reclassification Other changes, net ) Accretable yield, end of period There was an allowance for loan and leases losses on purchase credit impaired loans at the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of thousand and thousand, respectively. Related Party Loans: In the ordinary course of business, the Company has granted loans to certain related interests, including directors, executive officers, and their affiliates (collectively referred to as related parties ). Such loans are made in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as those for comparable transactions prevailing at the time and do not present other unfavorable features. Disbursements Repayments ) ) Balance, end of year At December 31, 2022, the Company had pre-approved but unused lines of credit totaling approximately million to related parties. Building and leasehold improvements - Furniture, fixtures and equipment - Construction in progress Total, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total, net At December 31, 2022 management estimates the cost necessary to complete the construction in progress will be approximately million. Depreciation and amortization expense relating to premises and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 103 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 indication of potential impairment. Management will continue to evaluate the economic conditions at future reporting periods for applicable changes. On September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement and completed the sale of a portfolio of loans and certain assets associated (the Sale with its branch office located in Richmond, Virginia to Strasburg, Virginia-based First Bank. In accordance with GAAP, the Company allocated a proportionate share of its goodwill balance to the Sale on a relative fair value basis. Based on a relative fair value analysis performed through the date of the sale, goodwill adjustment in the amount of million related to the Sale was recorded during the third quarter of 2021. The Company s other intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles, insurance agency customer relationships and insurance agency tradename. They are initially recognized based on a valuation performed as of the consummation date. The core deposit intangible is amortized over the average remaining life of the acquired customer deposits, the insurance agency customer relationships are amortized over and the insurance agency tradename is amortized over . 
 104 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Acquisition of PFG Acquisition of Fountain Acquisition of SCB Acquisition of Sunbelt Adjustment, due to sale ) Balance, end of the period 

Core Deposit Customer Relationships Tradename Amortized other intangible assets: Intangibles Intangibles Intangibles Total December 31, 2022: Beginning balance January 1, 2022, gross Acquisition of Sunbelt - - Balance, December 31, 2022, other intangible assets, gross Less: accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022, other intangible assets, net December 31, 2021: Beginning balance January 1, 2021, gross Acquisition of Fountain - - Acquisition of SCB - - Balance, December 31, 2021, other intangible assets, gross Less: accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021, other intangible assets, net The aggregate amortization expense for other intangibles assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense for future periods for other intangible assets is as follows (in thousands) : 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 105 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of time deposits are as follows (in thousands) : 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there was a fair value adjustment of thousand and thousand, respectively, to time deposits as a result of business combinations. From time to time, the Company engages in deposit transactions with its directors, executive officers and their related interests (collectively referred to as related parties ). Such deposits are made in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as those for comparable transactions prevailing at the time and do not present other unfavorable features. The total amount of related party deposits was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. from the transaction date. Securities sold under repurchase agreements are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. The Company may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. The Company monitors the fair value of the underlying securities on a daily basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had securities sold under agreements to repurchase of million and million, respectively, with commercial checking customers which were secured by government agency securities. The average balance for 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The maximum month-end outstanding balance for 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The carrying value of investment securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Federal Reserve Bank: The Bank has agreements with the Federal Reserve Bank s discount window to provide additional funding to the Bank. The Federal Reserve discount window line is collateralized by a pool of commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. 
 106 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Borrowings Additional funding capacity Loans secured for borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank Advances: The Bank has agreements with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati FHLB that can provide advances to the Bank. All of the advances are secured by a blanket lien on qualifying first mortgages on 1-4 family residential, multi-family properties and commercial properties and are pledged as collateral for these advances. There were securities pledged to FHLB at December 31, 2022 and 2021. FHLB advances ) Standby letters of credit ) ) Additional borrowing capacity Loans secured for advances , with a put option exercisable on September 10, 2020 and then quarterly thereafter, principal due in September 2029. 1 Long-term advance dated February 28, 2020, requiring monthly interest payments, fixed at , with a put option exercisable on February 26, 2021 and then quarterly thereafter, principal due in February 2030. 1 Total 1 On agreements with put options, the FHLB has the right, at its discretion, to terminate the entire advance prior to the stated maturity date. The termination option may only be exercised on the expiration date of the predetermined lockout period and on a quarterly basis thereafter. During 2022 the FHLB called these advances. Scheduled maturities : At December 31, 2022, the Company had no scheduled maturities for FHLB advances. Federal Funds Purchased: There were federal funds purchased as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 107 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million. The maturity of the line of credit is March 24, 2023. At December 31, 2022, million was outstanding under the line of credit, and million of the line of credit remained available to the Company. On February 1, 2023, the Loan and Security Agreement was amended, increasing the revolving line of credit to an aggregate amount of million and extending the maturity date to February 1, 2025. Secured Borrowings: The Bank occasionally enters into loan participation agreements with other banks in the ordinary course of business to diversify credit risk. For certain sold participation loans, the Bank has retained effective control of the loans, typically by restricting the participating institutions from pledging or selling their share of the loan without permission from the Bank. GAAP requires the participated portion of these loans to be recorded as secured borrowings. The secured borrowings of this nature totaled million at December 31, 2022, and ne at December 31, 2021. Subsequent to year-end, these loan participation agreements were amended in order to permit sales treatment accounting. million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the Notes ), which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unamortized debt issuance cost was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Notes initially bears interest at a rate of per annum from and including September 28, 2018, to but excluding October 2, 2023, with interest during this period payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including October 2, 2023, to but excluding the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR, or an alternative rate determined in accordance with the terms of the Notes if three-month LIBOR cannot be determined, plus basis points, with interest during this period payable quarterly in arrears. The Notes are redeemable by the Company, in whole or in part, on or after October 2, 2023, and at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain events. The Notes have been structured to qualify initially as Tier 2 capital for the Company for regulatory capital purposes. The Notes debt issuance costs totaled thousand and will be amortized through the Notes maturity date. Amortization expense totaled thousand for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On September 1, 2021, the Company acquired million of subordinated notes sub-debt from the acquisition of SCB. The sub-debt bears interest at a rate of per annum until August 14, 2024, with the interest during this period payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including August 14, 2024, to but excluding the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR, or an alternative rate determined in accordance with the terms of the sub-debt if three-month LIBOR cannot be determined, plus basis points, with interest during this period payable quarterly in arrears. The sub-debt is redeemable by the Company, in whole or in part, on or after August 14, 2024, and at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain events. The sub-debt has been structured to qualify initially as Tier 2 capital for the Company for regulatory capital purposes. 
 108 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities The calculated amount of the ROU assets and lease liabilities in the table above are impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used to present value the minimum lease payments. The Company s lease agreements often include one or more options to renew at the Company s discretion. If at lease inception the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. Regarding the discount rate, Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and the weighted average discount rate was . Variable lease costs Total Other information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 109 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Amounts representing interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments Lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. The Company entered into leasing arrangements for branch offices with companies that are wholly owned by a board of director s immediate family. The Company has determined that these leasing arrangements were considered economically fair and in the best interest of the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company paid thousand for each period, respectively, for base rent payments. State Deferred tax expense related to: Federal ) ) State ) ) Total income tax expense . The reasons for this difference are as follows (in thousands) : 

2022 2021 2020 Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Nondeductible acquisition expenses Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Tax benefit from stock options ) ) ) Other ) Total income tax expense 
 110 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Fair value adjustments Unrealized losses on investment securities Unrealized losses on hedges Other real estate owned Deferred compensation Lease liability Federal net operating loss carryforward Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Accumulated depreciation Core deposit intangible Right of use asset Unrealized gains on investment securities Unrealized gains on hedges Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset At December 31, 2022, the Company has a federal net operating loss carryforward recorded of approximately million acquired with the acquisition of SCB. The net operating loss is subject to Section 382 limitations. The federal net operating loss will begin to expire in 2030. The income tax returns of the Company for 2021, 2020, and 2019 are subject to examination by the federal and state taxing authorities, generally for three years after they were filed. of employee contributions up to of compensation and of employee contributions on the next of compensation. The Company s contribution to the Plan for the years ended December 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. Equity Incentive Plans: The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors may grant or award eligible participants stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, and other stock-based awards or any combination of awards (collectively referred to herein as Rights ). At December 31, 2022, the Company had active equity incentive plan available for future grants, the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, which has Rights available for future grants or awards. The Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan has Rights issued. In addition, the Company has Rights issued from the Cornerstone Non-Qualified Plan Options, which does not have any Rights available for future grants or awards. 
 111 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Information pertaining to options outstanding at December 31, 2022, is as follows: years years years Outstanding, end of period years The Company did not recognize any stock option-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as all stock options are fully vested. As of December 31, 2022, all options were fully vested and currently no future compensation cost will be recognized related to nonvested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plans. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and , thousand, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of total options outstanding and exercisable options at December 31, 2022, was thousand. Cash received from options exercised under all share-based payment arrangements for the period ended December 31, 2022, was thousand. options vested during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The income tax benefit recognized for the exercise of options during the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. 
 112 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/expired ) Balance at December 31, 2022 The Company measures the fair value of restricted stock awards based on the price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, and compensation expense is recorded over the vesting period. The compensation expense for restricted stock awards during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, thousand, and thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock awards granted under the plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The grant-date fair value of restricted stock awards vested was thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock Appreciation Rights SARs ): When SARs are issued, they are assigned an exercisable price based on the closing stock price on the date of grant. The SARs are recorded at fair market value and adjusted through salaries and employee benefits expense. The SAR s will be settled through cash based on the difference of Company s closing stock price on exercise date and original grant date stock price. SARs compensation expense of thousand, thousand and thousand was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. A summary of the status of SARs plans is presented in the following table: Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Expired Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 113 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Information pertaining to SARs outstanding at December 31, 2022, is as follows: years years Outstanding, end of period years Standby letters of credit Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, residential real estate, and income-producing commercial properties. Standby letters of credit issued by the Company are conditional commitments to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. Collateral held varies and is required in instances which the Company deems necessary. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of liabilities related to the Company s obligation to perform under standby letters of credit was 
 114 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million in dividends to the Company. No dividends were paid to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. Since the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company has paid a quarterly common stock dividend. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company paid a quarterly common stock dividend of and per share, respectively. The amount and timing of all future dividend payments by the Company, if any, is subject to discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, capital position, financial condition and other factors, including new regulatory capital requirements, as they become known to the Company. 
 115 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 2 N/A N/A SmartBank: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 2 December 31, 2021 SmartFinancial: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) N/A N/A SmartBank: Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 

 1 The prompt corrective action provisions are applicable at the Bank level only. 2 Average assets for the above calculations were based on the most recent quarter. 
 116 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 117 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Municipal securities Other debt securities Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) Total securities available-for-sale Derivative financial instruments and interest rate swap agreements Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments and interest rate swap agreements December 31, 2021: Assets: Securities available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Municipal securities Other debt securities Mortgage-backed securities (GSEs) Total securities available-for-sale Interest rate swaps agreements for customer loans Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments and interest rate swap agreements The Company has no assets or liabilities whose fair values are measured on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. Additionally, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 118 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Other real estate owned December 31, 2021: Collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned Appraisal Appraisal discounts Other real estate owned Appraisal Appraisal discounts December 31, 2021: Collateral dependent loans Appraisal Appraisal discounts Other real estate owned Appraisal Appraisal discounts Collateral dependent loans: A collateral dependent loan is measured based on the fair value of the collateral securing these loans, less selling costs. Collateral dependent loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including equipment, inventory, and/or accounts receivable. The Company determines the value of the collateral based on independent appraisals performed by qualified licensed appraisers. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Appraised values are discounted for costs to sell and may be discounted further based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the date of the most recent appraisal, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the customer and the customer s business. Such discounts by management are subjective and are typically significant unobservable inputs for determining fair value. Collateral dependent loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors discussed above. Other real estate owned: Other real estate owned, consisting of properties obtained through foreclosure or in satisfaction of loans, are initially recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell upon transfer of the loans to other real estate. Subsequently, other real estate is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are generally based on third party appraisals of the property and are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The appraisals are sometimes further discounted based on management s historical knowledge, and/or changes in market conditions from the date of the most recent appraisal, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the customer and 
 119 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Other investments N/A N/A N/A N/A Loans and leases, net and loans held for sale Derivative financial instruments and interest rate swap agreements Liabilities: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Interest-bearing demand deposits Money market and savings deposits Time deposits Borrowings Subordinated debt Derivative financial instruments and interest rate swap agreements December 31, 2021: Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Other investments N/A N/A N/A N/A Loans and leases, net and loans held for sale Interest rate swaps agreements for customer loans Liabilities: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Interest-bearing demand deposits Money market and savings deposits Time deposits Borrowings Subordinated debt Derivative financial instruments and interest rate swap agreements Limitations: Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. Fair value estimates are based on existing on and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. Significant assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments include deferred income taxes and premises 
 120 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 3 month LIBOR ) 
 121 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Effects of fair value hedge relationships ) ) ) Reported interest income on tax-exempt securities 

Year Ended December 31, Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationship 2022 2021 Interest rate swap agreements - securities: Hedged items ) Derivative designated as hedging instruments Carry amount of hedged assets - securities available-for-sale Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges: During the third quarter of 2022, the Company entered into interest rate derivatives contracts that were designated as qualifying cash flow hedges to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows attributable to changes in a contractually specified interest rate. Specifically, the Company executed million, notional amount, in interest rate collars to hedge the variable rate index on a portion of the Company s commercial loan portfolio. To qualify for hedge accounting, a formal assessment is prepared to determine whether the hedging relationship, both at inception and on an ongoing basis, is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged risk during the term of the hedge if a cash flow hedge. At inception, a statistical regression analysis is prepared to determine hedge effectiveness. At each reporting period thereafter, a statistical regression or qualitative analysis is performed. If it is determined that hedge effectiveness has not been or will not continue to be highly effective then hedge accounting ceases and any gain or loss in AOCI is recognized in earnings immediately. The cash flow hedges are recorded at fair value in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in AOCI, net of tax, see - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) . Amounts recorded to AOCI are reclassified into earnings in the same period in which the hedged asset affects earnings and are presented in the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged asset, as future interest payments are made on the underlying assets. The Company estimates that an additional thousand will be reclassified as a decrease in interest income during 2023. ) - - 
 122 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Liabilities ) ) Collateral requirements: These derivative rate contracts have collateral requirements, both at inception of the trade and as the value of each derivative position changes. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, collateral totaling million and million, respectively, was pledged to the derivative counterparties to comply with collateral requirements. 
 123 

Table of Contents SmartFinancial, Inc. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of amounts included in net income ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) during period ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Accumulated Securities Securities Fair Value Other Available-for- Transferred to Municipal Cash Flow Comprehensive Sale Held-to-Maturity Security Hedges Hedges Income (Loss) Beginning balance, December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Reclassification of amounts included in net income ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) during period ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Accumulated Securities Securities Fair Value Other Available-for- Transferred to Municipal Cash Flow Comprehensive Sale Held-to-Maturity Security Hedges Hedges Income (Loss) Beginning balance, December 31, 2019 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Reclassification of amounts included in net income ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) during period ) Ending balance, December 31, 2020 ) 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Investment in subsidiary Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Other liabilities Other borrowings Total liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Total income EXPENSES: Interest expense Other operating expenses Total expense Income (loss) before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and income tax benefit ) ) ) Income tax expense Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Net income 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash paid for business combinations ) ) Equity contribution from subsidiary Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock, net of restricted shares withheld for taxes Proceeds from other borrowings Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures SmartFinancial maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by it in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to SmartFinancial s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. SmartFinancial carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, SmartFinancial s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The report of SmartFinancial s management on internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 FORVIS, LLP an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and this report is included in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Controls There were no changes in SmartFinancial s internal control over financial reporting during SmartFinancial s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, SmartFinancial s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not Applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The response to this Item is incorporated by reference to SmartFinancial s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 25, 2023 under the headings Proposal One Election of Directors, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, Corporate Governance and Board of Directors, Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The response to this Item is incorporated by reference to SmartFinancial s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 25, 2023 under the headings, Proposal One Election of the Directors and Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The responses to this Item will be included in SmartFinancial s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 25, 2023 under the heading, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes information concerning SmartFinancial s equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities (a) remaining Number of Weighted available for securities to be average future issuance issued upon exercise price (excluding securities exercise of of outstanding represented in Plan category outstanding options options column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 2015 Stock Incentive Plan 14,505 15.05 1,766,245 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 17,540 9.55 Total 32,045 12.04 1,766,245 Equity Compensation Plans not Approved by Shareholders During 2013 and 2014, Cornerstone Bancshares, Inc., the name under which the Company previously operated, issued non-qualified options to employees and directors. These non-qualified options are governed by the grant document issued to the holders. The non-qualified stock options for employees were issued at the market value of the common stock on the grant date and are fully vested. The non-qualified stock options for directors are issued at the market value of the common stock on the grant date and are fully vested. The term of all grants were determined by the compensation committee, not to exceed ten years. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 128,500 non-qualified stock options had been issued to Company employees and directors, of which 17,540 remained outstanding and exercisable. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The response to this Item is incorporated by reference to SmartFinancial s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 25, 2023 under the heading, Proposal One Election of Directors. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The response to this Item is incorporated by reference to SmartFinancial s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 25, 2023 under the heading, Proposal Two Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accountants. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements The following report and consolidated financial statements of SmartFinancial and Subsidiary are included in Item 8: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms , , PCAOB ID Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (2) Financial Statement Schedules: All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. (3) The following documents are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this report: 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. Description Location 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2019, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc. and Progressive Financial Group Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed October 30, 2019 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13, 2021, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc. and Sevier County Bancshares, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed April 14, 2021 2.3 Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2021, by and among Warren Payne, G. Price Cooper, B. Wade West, Craig Phillipy, and SmartBank Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed May 3, 2021 2.4 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022, by and among Sunbelt Group, LLC, A. Mark Slater, Jr., and Rains Agency Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed September 9, 2022 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Charter of SmartFinancial, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed September 2, 2015 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of SmartFinancial, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed October 26, 2015 4.1 Description of SmartFinancial Capital Stock Filed herewith 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-K filed March 30, 2016 4.3 Form of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due October 2, 2028 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed October 1, 2018 10.1 SmartFinancial, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit H to the Form S-4 filed April 16, 2015 10.2 Form of 2015 Stock Incentive Agreement Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to From 10-K filed March 30, 2016 10.3 SmartFinancial, Inc. 2010 Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed September 2, 2015 10.4 Form of Incentive Stock Option Certificate under SmartFinancial, Inc. 2010 Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed September 2, 2015 10.5 SmartBank Stock Option Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed September 2, 2015 10.6 Form of Management Incentive Stock Option Agreement under SmartBank Stock Option Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K filed September 2, 2015 10.7 Form of Subscription Agreement for 2015 Equity Financing Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 20, 2015 10.8 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for 2015 Equity Financing Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed August 20, 2015 10.9 Cornerstone Bancshares, Inc. 2002 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-8 filed on March 5, 2004 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 Form of Unqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under 2002 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-K filed March 30, 2016 10.11 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 8, 2017 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed August 8, 2017 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2017, by and between SmartBank and Robert Kuhn Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 7, 2017 10.14 Capstone Bancshares, Inc. 2008 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2017 10.15 Form of Award Agreement under Capstone Bancshares, Inc. 2008 Long-Term Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed November 7, 2017 10.16 Salary Continuation Agreement, dated August 11, 2010, by and between Capstone Bank and Robert W. Kuhn Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed November 7, 2017 10.17 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated September 28, 2018, for SmartFinancial, Inc. Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinate Notes due October 2, 2028 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 1, 2018 10.18 Executive Change in Control Agreement with W. Miller Welborn, dated as of March 9, 2020 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed March 11, 2020 10.19 Employment Agreement with William Y. Carroll, Jr., dated as of March 9, 2020 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed March 11, 2020 10.20 Employment Agreement with Ronald J. Gorczynski, dated as of March 9, 2020 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed March 11, 2020 10.21 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc., as Borrower, and ServisFirst Bank, as Lender Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 3, 2020 10.22 Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc., as Borrower, and ServisFirst Bank, as Lender Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed April 3, 2020 10.23 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2021, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed September 28, 2021 10.24 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 6, 2023 10.25 Amended and Restated Revolving Note, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and between SmartFinancial, Inc., as Borrower, and ServisFirst Bank, as Lender Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed February 6, 2023 21.1 SmartFinancial, Inc. List of Subsidiaries Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of FORVIS, LLP Filed herewith 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 23.2 Consent of FORVIS, LLP (Successor to Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Filed herewith 32.1 Section 906 certification of Principal Executive Officer Filed herewith 32.2 Section 906 certification of Principal Financial Officer Filed herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Schedules and exhibits to which have been omitted pursuant to Items 601(b)(2) of Regulations S-K. SmartFinancial agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SMARTFINANCIAL, INC. Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ William Y. Carroll, Jr. William Y. Carroll, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Ron Gorczynski Ron Gorczynski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principle Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ William Y. Carroll, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer and Director March 16, 2023 William Y. Carroll, Jr. (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Ron Gorczynski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 Ron Gorczynski (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Cathy G. Ackermann Director March 16, 2023 Cathy G. Ackermann /s/ Victor L. Barrett Director March 16, 2023 Victor L. Barrett /s/ William Y. Carroll, Sr. Director March 16, 2023 William Y. Carroll, Sr. /s/ Ted C. Miller Director March 16, 2023 Ted C. Miller /s/ David A. Ogle Director March 16, 2023 David A. Ogle /s/ John Presley Director March 16, 2023 John Presley 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 /s/ Steven B. Tucker Director March 16, 2023 Steven B. Tucker /s/ Miller Welborn Director March 16, 2023 Miller Welborn /s/ Keith E. Whaley Director March 16, 2023 Keith E. Whaley /s/ Geoffrey A. Wolpert Director March 16, 2023 Geoffrey A. Wolpert 
 134 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 smbk-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The material terms and provisions of the capital stock of SmartFinancial, Inc. (the Company or SMBK are summarized as set forth below. The following summary is not intended to be relied upon as an exhaustive list or a detailed description of the provisions discussed and is qualified in its entirety by the Tennessee Business Corporation Act (the TBCA and by the Second Amended and Restated Charter (the Charter and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended, the Bylaws of the Company. General We are authorized to issue 42,000,000 shares of capital stock of which 40,000,000 are shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, and 2,000,000 are shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share. As of March 08, 2023, there were 16,996,288 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Common Stock General. Each share of SMBK common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects to, each other share of SMBK common stock. SMBK s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SMBK. Voting Rights; Cumulative Voting. The outstanding shares of SMBK common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of SMBK common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. Holders of SMBK common stock do not have preemptive rights and are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. SMBK s common stock is neither redeemable nor convertible into other securities, and there are no sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. Subject to the preferences applicable to any shares of SMBK preferred stock outstanding at the time, holders of common stock are entitled to, in the event of liquidation, share pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. Board of Directors . The business of SMBK is controlled by a board of directors, which is elected by a non-cumulative vote of the common shareholders. SMBK s bylaws provide that the power to increase or decrease the number of directors and to fill vacancies is vested in SMBK s board of directors. The overall effect of this provision may be to prevent a person or entity from seeking to acquire control of SMBK through an increase in the number of directors on the board of directors and the election of designated nominees to fill newly created vacancies. Dividends . Holders of SMBK common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by SMBK s board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends. In order to pay any dividends, SMBK generally must receive dividends from SmartBank. Under the Tennessee Banking Act, SmartBank is subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends to SMBK. Pursuant to these laws, SmartBank may only make a dividend from the surplus profits arising from the business of the bank, and may not declare dividends in any calendar year that exceeds the total of its retained net income of that year combined with its retained net income of the preceding two years without the prior approval of the commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Financial institutions (the TDFI ). Moreover, Tennessee laws regulating SmartBank requires certain charges against and transfers from SmartBank s undivided profit account before undivided profits can be made available for the payment of dividends. Furthermore, the TDFI also has the authority to prohibit the payment of dividends by SmartBank if it determines such payment to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. SMBK s ability to pay dividends to shareholders in the future will depend on its earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, SMBK s ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to SMBK s common stock and other factors deemed relevant by SMBK s board of directors. The principal source of funds from which SMBK pays cash dividends are the dividends received from its bank subsidiary, SmartBank. Consequently, dividends are dependent upon SmartBank s earnings, capital needs, and regulatory policies, as well as statutory and regulatory limitations. Federal and state banking laws and regulations restrict the amount of dividends and loans a bank may make to its parent company. Approval by SMBK s regulators 
 II- 1 

is required if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year exceeds the total of its net income for that year combined with its retained net income of the preceding two years. Under certain conditions, dividends paid to SMBK by SmartBank are subject to approval by the TDFI. In addition, under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act, banks may not pay a dividend if, after paying the dividend, the bank would be undercapitalized. Preemptive Rights; Liquidation; Redemption. SMBK common stock does not carry any preemptive rights enabling a holder to subscribe for or receive shares of SMBK common stock. In the event of liquidation, holders of SMBK common stock are entitled to share in the distribution of assets remaining after payment of debts and expenses and after required payments to holders of SMBK preferred stock, if any such shares are outstanding. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to SMBK common stock. Preferred Stock Under the terms of our Charter, the Company has authorized the issuance of up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share, any part or all of which shares may be established and designated from time to time by the board of directors by filing an amendment to the Charter, which is effective without shareholder action. If we offer preferred stock, we will file the terms of the preferred stock with the SEC, and the prospectus supplement relating to that offering will include a description of the specific terms of the offerings. Our Charter authorizes our board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock, and to establish such preferences, limitations and relative rights as may be applicable to each series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock and the determination of the terms of preferred stock by the board of directors, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Charter and Bylaws of SMBK and the TBCA. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. Anti-Takeover Provisions General. Our charter and bylaws, as well as the TBCA, contain certain provisions designed to enhance the ability of our board of directors to deal with attempts to acquire control of us. These provisions may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may discourage takeover attempts which have not been approved by the board of directors (including takeovers which certain shareholders may deem to be in their best interest). To the extent that such takeover attempts are discouraged, temporary fluctuations in the market price of common stock resulting from actual or rumored takeover attempts may be inhibited. These provisions also could discourage or make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, even though such transaction may be favorable to the interests of shareholders, and could potentially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. The following briefly summarizes protective provisions that are contained in our charter and bylaws and which are provided by the TBCA. This summary is necessarily general and is not intended to be a complete description of all the features and consequences of those provisions and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our charter and bylaws and the statutory provisions contained in the TBCA. Authorized but Unissued Stock. The authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without shareholder approval. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future private or public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of common stock and preferred stock may enable the board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which could render more difficult or discourage any attempt to obtain control of us by means such as a proxy contest, tender offer, or merger, and thereby protect the continuity of the company s management. 
 II- 2 

Removal of Directors and Filling Vacancies. Our charter and bylaws provide that a director may be removed from office prior to the expiration of such director s term only for cause at a meeting called for such purpose. Our bylaws provide that all vacancies on our board may be filled by the board of directors for the unexpired term. Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals. Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to shareholder proposals. These procedures provide that the shareholder must submit certain information regarding the proposal, together with the proposal itself, to our corporate secretary in advance of the annual meeting. Shareholders submitting proposals for inclusion in our proxy statement must comply with the proxy rules under the Exchange Act. We may reject a shareholder proposal that is not made in accordance with such procedures. Certain Nomination Requirements. Pursuant to our bylaws, we have established certain nomination requirements for an individual to be elected as a director at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders, including that the nominating party provide us within a specified time prior to the meeting (i) the name and address of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated; (ii) a representation that the shareholder is a holder of record of SMBK stock entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the shareholder; (iv) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such shareholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the SEC, had the nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, by the board of directors; and (v) the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of the Company if so elected. These provisions could reduce the likelihood that a third party would nominate and elect individuals to serve on our board of directors. Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders. The Tennessee business combinations statute provides that a 10 or greater shareholder of a resident domestic corporation cannot engage in a business combination (as defined in the statute) with such corporation for a period of two years following the date on which the 10 shareholder became such, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the disinterested members of such corporation s board of directors before the 10 shareholder s share acquisition date. This statute further provides that at no time (even after the two-year period subsequent to such share acquisition date) may the 10 shareholder engage in a business combination with the relevant corporation unless certain approvals of the board of directors or disinterested shareholders are obtained or unless the consideration given in the combination meets certain minimum standards set forth in the statute. The law is very broad in its scope and is designed to inhibit unfriendly acquisitions, but it does not apply to corporations whose charter contains a provision electing not to be covered by the law. Our charter does not contain such a provision. An amendment of our charter to that effect would, however, permit a business combination with an interested shareholder even though that status was obtained prior to the amendment. Indemnification. The TBCA provides that a corporation may indemnify any of its directors and officers against liability incurred in connection with a proceeding if (i) the director or officer acted in good faith, (ii) in the case of conduct in his or her official capacity with the corporation, the director or officer reasonably believed such conduct was in the corporation s best interest, (iii) in all other cases, the director or officer reasonably believed that his or her conduct was not opposed to the best interest of the corporation, and (iv) in connection with any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. In actions brought by or in the right of the corporation, however, the TBCA provides that no indemnification may be made if the director or officer was adjudged to be liable to the corporation. In cases where the director or officer is wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding instigated because of his or her status as an officer or director of a corporation, the TBCA mandates that the corporation indemnify the director or officer against reasonable expenses incurred in the proceeding. The TBCA also provides that in connection with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to an officer or director, no indemnification may be made if such officer or director is adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the TBCA provides that a court of competent jurisdiction, upon application, may order that an officer or director be indemnified for reasonable expenses if, in consideration of all relevant circumstances, the court determines that such individual is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, notwithstanding the fact that (i) such officer or director was adjudged liable to the corporation in a proceeding by or in right of the corporation, (ii) such officer or director 
 II- 3 

was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by him; or (iii) such officer or director breached his duty of care to the corporation. The TBCA also empowers a corporation to provide insurance for directors and officers against liability arising out of their positions, even though the insurance coverage may be broader than the corporation s power to indemnify. SMBK maintains directors and officers liability insurance for the benefit of its directors and officers. Our bylaws provide that the company will indemnify, to the fullest extent authorized by the TBCA and applicable federal law or regulations, any person who is made a party to or is involved in any proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of SMBK, provided that the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling SMBK pursuant to the provisions discussed above, SMBK has been informed that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Certain rules of the FDIC limit the ability of certain depository institutions, their subsidiaries and their affiliated depository institution holding companies to indemnify affiliated parties, including institution directors. In general, subject to the ability to purchase directors and officers liability insurance and to advance professional expenses under certain circumstances, the rules prohibit such institutions from indemnifying a director for certain costs incurred with regard to an administrative or enforcement action commenced by any federal banking agency that results in a final order or settlement pursuant to which the director is assessed a civil money penalty, removed from office, prohibited from participating in the affairs of an insured depository institution or required to cease and desist from or take an affirmative action described in Section 8(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(b)). Anti-Takeover Statutes In addition to certain of the provisions in our charter discussed above, the State of Tennessee has adopted statutes that can have an anti-takeover effect and may delay or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for shares of our common stock. Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act. The Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act generally provides that, except as stated below, control shares will not have any voting rights. Control shares are shares acquired by a person under certain circumstances which, when added to their shares owned, would give such person effective control over one-fifth or more, or a majority of all voting power (to the extent such acquired shares cause such a person to exceed one-fifth or one-third of all voting power) in the election of a Tennessee corporation s directors. However, voting rights will be restored to control shares by resolutions approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the corporation s voting stock, other than shares held by the owner of the control shares. If voting rights are granted to control shares which give the holder a majority of all voting power in the election of the corporation s directors, then the corporation s other shareholders may require the corporation to redeem their shares at fair value. The Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act is not applicable to us because our charter does not contain a specific provision opting in to the act, as is required. Tennessee Investor Protection Act . The Tennessee Investor Protection Act provides that unless a Tennessee corporation s board of directors has recommended a takeover offer to shareholders, no offeror beneficially owning 5 or more of any class of equity securities of the offeree company, any of which was purchased within the preceding year, may make a takeover offer for any class of equity security of the offeree company if after completion the offeror would be a beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of outstanding equity securities of the company unless the offeror, before making such purchase: (1) makes a public announcement of his or her intention with respect to changing or influencing the management or control of the offeree company; (2) makes a full, fair and effective disclosure of such intention to the person from whom he or she intends to acquire such securities; and (3) files with 
 II- 4 

the Tennessee Commissioner of Commerce and Insurance, or Commissioner, and the offeree company a statement signifying such intentions and containing such additional information as may be prescribed by the Commissioner. The offeror must provide that any equity securities of an offeree company deposited or tendered pursuant to a takeover offer may be withdrawn by an offeree at any time within seven days from the date the offer has become effective following filing with the Commissioner and the offeree company and public announcement of the terms or after 60 days from the date the offer has become effective. If the takeover offer is for less than all the outstanding equity securities of any class, such an offer must also provide for acceptance of securities pro rata if the number of securities tendered is greater than the number the offeror has offered to accept and pay for. If such an offeror varies the terms of the takeover offer before its expiration date by increasing the consideration offered to offerees, the offeror must pay the increased consideration for all equity securities accepted, whether accepted before or after the variation in the terms of the offer. The Tennessee Investor Protection Act does not apply to us, as it does not apply to bank holding companies subject to regulation by a federal agency and does not apply to any offer involving a vote by holders of equity securities of the offeree company. TBCA. The Tennessee Business Combination Act generally prohibits a business combination by a company or any of our subsidiaries with an interested shareholder within five years after the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. The company or any of its subsidiaries can, however, enter into a business combination within that period if, before the interested shareholder became such, the company s board of directors approved the business combination or the transaction in which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder. After that five-year moratorium, the business combination with the interested shareholder can be consummated only if it satisfies certain fair price criteria or is approved by two-thirds (2/3) of the other shareholders. For purposes of these provisions of the Tennessee Business Combination Act, a business combination includes mergers, share exchanges, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securities, and similar transactions. An interested shareholder is generally any person or entity that beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of any outstanding class or series of our stock. Tennessee Greenmail Act . The Tennessee Greenmail Act applies to a Tennessee corporation that has a class of voting stock registered or traded on a national securities exchange or registered with the SEC pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Under the Tennessee Greenmail Act, a company may not purchase any of its shares at a price above the market value of such shares from any person who holds more than 3 of the class of securities to be purchased if such person has held such shares for less than two years, unless the purchase has been approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock issued by the company or the company makes an offer, or at least equal value per share, to all shareholders of such class. Bank Holding Company Act . The Bank Holding Company Act requires any bank holding company, as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act, to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board prior to the acquisition of 5 or more of our common stock. Any person, other than a bank holding company, is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire 10 or more of our common stock under the Change in Bank Control Act. Any holder of 25 or more of our common stock, or a holder of 5 or more if such holder otherwise exercises a controlling influence over us, is subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act. 
 II- 5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 smbk-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 SmartFinancial, Inc. List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary State of Incorporation SmartBank Tennessee Smart Investments Management, Inc. Tennessee Smartholdings I, LLC Tennessee Smartholdings II, LLC Tennessee Rains Agency, Inc. Tennessee Fountain Equipment Finance, LLC Tennessee 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 smbk-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee SmartFinancial, Inc. Knoxville, Tennessee We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-219159, 333-203449, 333-208819, 333-131006 and 333-113314, etc.) and on Form S-3 (No. 333-239479) of SmartFinancial, Inc. (Company) of our report dated March 16, 2023, on our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 16, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP Louisville, Kentucky March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 smbk-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

EXHIBIT 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders SmartFinancial, Inc. Knoxville, Tennessee We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-219159, 333-203449, 333-208819, 333-131006 and 333-113314, etc.) and on Form S-3 (No. 333-239479) of SmartFinancial, Inc. and its subsidiary of our report dated March 16, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of SmartFinancial, Inc. and its subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2020, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Successor to Dixon Hughes Goodman, LLP) Atlanta, Georgia March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 smbk-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, William Y. Carroll, Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SmartFinancial, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 /s/ William Y. Carroll, Jr. William Y. Carroll Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 smbk-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Ronald J. Gorczynski, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SmartFinancial, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 /s/ Ronald J. Gorczynski Ronald J. Gorczynski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 smbk-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of SmartFinancial, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I William Y. Carroll, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ William Y. Carroll, Jr. William Y. Carroll Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 smbk-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of SmartFinancial, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I Ronald J. Gorczynski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Ronald J. Gorczynski Ronald J. Gorczynski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 smbk-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 smbk-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 smbk-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 smbk-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 smbk-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

