<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_768899_0000768899-23-000064.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10717601</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231408</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2240259</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3195919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2599007</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2280251</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000768899-23-000064.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215170325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000768899-23-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221225
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TrueBlue, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000768899
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				911287341
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1225

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14543
		FILM NUMBER:		23636219

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1015 A STREET
		CITY:			TACOMA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		253-383-9101

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 2910
		STREET 2:		1015 A. ST.
		CITY:			TACOMA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LABOR READY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DICKS HAMBURGERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900329

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000768899-23-000064.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 tbi-20221225.htm
 TRUEBLUE FORM 10-K

tbi-20221225 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________ 
 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 ______________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 26, 2022, the aggregate market value (based on the NYSE quoted closing price) of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion. 
 As of February 8, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TrueBlue, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments 
 20 
 Item 2. Properties 
 20 
 Item 3. Legal proceedings 
 20 
 Item 4. Mine safety disclosures 
 20 
 PART II Item 5. Market for registrant s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
 21 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 22 
 Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial statements and supplementary data 
 36 
 Item 9. Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 
 67 
 Item 9A. Controls and procedures 
 67 
 Report of management on internal control over financial reporting 
 67 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 68 
 Item 9B. Other information 
 69 
 Item 9C. Disclosure r egarding f oreign j urisdictions that p revent i nspections 
 69 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
 70 
 Item 11. Executive compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters 
 70 
 Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 
 70 
 Item 14. Principal accountant fees and services 
 70 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits 
 71 
 Index to exhibits 
 72 
 Item 16. Form 10-K summary 
 74 
 Signatures 
 75 

Page - 3 

Table of Contents 

COMMENT ON FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Form 10-K, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and future events and circumstances could differ significantly from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, goal, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K), Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K), and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K). Except as required by law, we undertake no duty to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 OUR COMPANY 
 TrueBlue, Inc. (the company, TrueBlue, we, us and our is a leading provider of specialized workforce solutions that help our clients improve productivity and grow their businesses. We began operations in 1989 and are headquartered in Tacoma, Washington. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 In 2022, we connected approximately 611,000 people with work and served approximately 84,000 clients. Our operations are managed as three business segments: PeopleReady, PeopleManagement and PeopleScout. 
 PeopleReady offers general, industrial and skilled trade staffing throughout the United States of America U.S. ), Canada and Puerto Rico. 
 PeopleScout offers recruitment process outsourcing RPO ), talent advisory services and managed service provider MSP solutions to a wide variety of industries, primarily in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia. 
 PeopleManagement offers contingent, on-site industrial staffing and commercial driver services throughout the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. 
 
 PeopleReady connected approximately 220,000 people with work in fiscal 2022 within a broad range of industries that include construction, transportation, manufacturing, retail, hospitality and renewable energy. We connected individuals looking for general temporary, temp-to-hire and skilled trade positions with our vast network of clients. 
 In fiscal 2022, PeopleReady provided approximately 83,000 clients with dependable access to qualified associates for their on-demand, contingent general and skilled labor needs to supplement their permanent workforce. Our services range from providing one associate to hundreds, and are generally short-term in nature as they are filling the contingent staffing needs of our clients. 
 We have a network of approximately 600 branches across all 50 states in the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Augmenting our branch network and consolidated service centers is our industry-leading mobile app, JobStack TM , which connects people with work 24 hours a day, seven days a week. JobStack creates a digital exchange between our associates and clients, and allows our branch resources to expand their recruiting, sales and service delivery efforts. JobStack is competitively differentiating our services, expanding our reach into new demographics, and improving our service delivery and fill rates, as we continue to execute our digital strategy. 
 
 Page - 4 

Table of Contents 

Our PeopleScout business, a global leader in RPO services, connected approximately 335,000 people with work in fiscal 2022. Our RPO solutions are multi-year in duration, highly scalable and provide clients the support they need as their hiring volumes fluctuate. We tailor our services based on individual client needs, including sourcing, screening, hiring and onboarding, to improve the candidate experience and regulatory compliance, and ultimately lower their recruiting costs. Our proprietary technology platform (Affinix TM uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to rapidly source a qualified talent pool within minutes rather than days, and further engages candidates through a seamless digital experience. Affinix provides real-time insights into our clients, helping our dedicated service delivery teams efficiently and effectively manage the entire recruitment process. Client contracts are generally multi-year in duration and pricing is typically composed of a fee for each hire and talent consulting fees. Pricing is impacted by factors such as geography, volume, job type, degree of recruiting difficulty, and the scope of outsourced recruitment and employer branding services included. 
 PeopleScout also includes our MSP business, which manages our clients contingent labor programs including vendor selection, performance management, compliance monitoring and risk management. As the client s exclusive MSP, we have dedicated service delivery teams, which work as an integrated partner with our clients to increase the productivity of their contingent workforce program. 
 
 PeopleManagement connected approximately 56,000 people with work in fiscal 2022. 
 Our On-Site business provides and manages contingent associates at clients facilities through our Staff Management | SMX Staff Management and SIMOS Insourcing Solutions SIMOS branded services. Our client engagements are generally multi-location and multi-year, and include scalable recruiting, screening, hiring and management of the contingent workforce. Once operational, we deploy dedicated management and service teams that work side-by-side with a client s full-time workforce. Our teams are an integral part of the production and logistics process, and specialize in labor-intensive manufacturing, warehousing and distribution. We offer hourly and productivity-based (cost-per-unit) pricing options for industrial staffing solutions. The productivity-based pricing leverages a strategically engineered on-site solution to incentivize performance improvements in cost, quality and on-time delivery using a fixed price-per-unit approach. Both hourly and productivity-based pricing are impacted by factors such as geography, volume, job type and degree of recruiting difficulty. 
 PeopleManagement also provides dedicated and contingent commercial drivers to the transportation and distribution industries through our Centerline Drivers Centerline brand. Centerline matches drivers to each client s specific needs, allowing them to improve productivity, control costs, ensure compliance and deliver improved service. Centerline offers three solutions for clients: Our Flexible Drivers solution, which is an on-demand service helping clients find drivers where and when they need them; our Driver Management Services solution, which offers fully outsourced recruitment, management and supervision of drivers for a client; and our Mobile Drivers solution, which provides short-term relocation of qualified, experienced drivers for special projects or to high-need markets or remote locations where drivers are unavailable. 
 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DYNAMICS 
 The staffing industry, which includes our PeopleReady and PeopleManagement businesses, supplies contingent workforce solutions to minimize the cost and effort of hiring and managing permanent employees. This allows for rapid response to changes in business conditions through the ability to replace absent employees, fill new positions, and convert fixed or permanent labor costs to variable costs. Staffing companies act as intermediaries to match available associates with employer work assignments. Work assignments vary widely in duration, skill level and required experience. 
 The human resource outsourcing industry, which includes our PeopleScout services, involves transitioning various functions handled by internal human resources and labor procurement to outside service providers on a permanent or project basis. Human resource departments are faced with increasingly complex operational and regulatory requirements, increased candidate expectations, an expanding talent technology landscape, and pressure to achieve efficiencies, which increase the need to migrate non-core functions to outsourced providers. The human resource outsourcing industry includes our RPO and MSP businesses, which allow clients to more effectively find and engage high-quality talent, leverage talent acquisition technology and scale their talent acquisition function to keep pace with changing business needs. 
 
 Page - 5 

Table of Contents 

Our workforce solutions address the following key industry and market trends contributing to anticipated growth: 
 Workforce flexibility and scalability: The staffing industry continues to experience dynamic shifts between the permanent and flexible workforce based on competitive and economic pressures to reduce costs, seasonal demands and in response to rapidly changing market conditions. Providers in the human resource outsourcing industry can add significant scalability to a company s recruiting and hiring efforts, including accommodating seasonal, project or peak hiring needs without sacrificing quality. These providers also help clients increase efficiency and drive lower overhead costs by standardizing processes, reducing time to fill, and onboarding the best fit talent into a client s organization. 
 Workforce productivity : Companies are under increasing competitive pressures to improve productivity through workforce solutions that improve performance and enable clients to focus on their core business. 
 Leveraging technology to access talent: Automation, artificial intelligence and machine learning are transforming talent recruitment and service delivery. The fragmented talent technology ecosystem is becoming more crowded, with significant investments flowing in and new technology coming online rapidly. Associates are demanding more flexibility in how, when and where they work, as well as access to contingent work opportunities through mobile technology. Available associates are in high demand and have more power to find the employment situation they desire. As competition for qualified candidates increases, clients and their outsourced service providers are leveraging innovative talent technology to improve the recruiting process and efficiently hire more qualified candidates. Additionally, talent technology continues to elevate the employer brand, build talent communities, create a world-class candidate experience, and facilitate effective recruitment marketing and candidate communication strategies. 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 Our business strategy is focused on growth in each of our business segments by investing in innovative technology and initiatives that drive organic growth and improve the client and candidate experience. Our clients have a variety of challenges in running their businesses, each of which are unique to the competitive pressures of their industries. Our business segments are industry leaders dedicated to workforce solutions tailored to our clients needs and the industries in which they operate. We ensure our differentiated solutions keep pace with the changing needs of our clients while driving growth through the following strategies: 
 We continue to invest in technology to gain market share, accelerate revenue growth, reduce the cost of delivering our services, and increase our ability to attract and retain clients, employees and associates. We are committed to leveraging technology to improve the experience of our associates, candidates, clients and permanent employees. Our technological innovations make it easier for our clients to do business with us, and easier to connect associates with work opportunities and candidates to permanent employment opportunities. We continue to make significant investments in technology to improve the access, speed and ease of connecting our clients with high-quality contingent and permanent employee workforce solutions. 
 Augmenting our PeopleReady branch network is our JobStack platform, which connects our associates and clients through a real-time 24 hours a day, seven days a week digital exchange with an easy-to-use mobile app. JobStack enables our branches to expand their recruiting and sales efforts. JobStack is helping to competitively differentiate our services, expand our reach into new demographics, and improve both service delivery and work order fill rates as we continue to execute our digital strategy. Currently 97 of PeopleReady s associates use JobStack to find on-demand work. By the end of 2022, over 30,000 of our clients were using JobStack to place orders for associates, rate their performance, and approve their time worked, an increase of 2 compared to the prior year. During fiscal 2022, PeopleReady associates completed approximately 3.4 million shifts dispatched via JobStack, which represented 64 of all completed shifts. In fiscal 2021, 58 of completed shifts were dispatched via JobStack. We continue to expand functionality to further leverage this technology to transform our business by reducing expenses, accelerating revenue growth and enhancing our client and associate retention. 
 
 Page - 6 

Table of Contents 

Augmenting our PeopleScout dedicated service delivery teams is our Affinix platform used for sourcing, screening and delivering a permanent workforce to our clients. Affinix creates a consumer-like candidate experience and streamlines the sourcing process. Affinix delivers speed and scalability while leveraging recruitment marketing, machine learning, predictive analytics and other emerging technology to make the end-to-end process seamless for the candidate. We continue to invest in Affinix to further improve our ability to quickly and efficiently source the most attractive talent at the best price. 
 Augmenting our PeopleManagement dedicated on-site contingent workforce management is Stafftrack . Stafftrack is a proprietary hiring and workforce management software that enables us to recruit and connect the best candidates with on-site assignments. Stafftrack has robust, near real-time analytics that drive dynamic supply chain and workforce strategies, which allow clients faster, more precise hiring and help drive operational improvements and efficiencies. The Stafftrack associate mobile app provides associates the ability to search for a job, view schedules, add shifts, receive real-time notifications, and earn perks through our Stafftrack Rewards program, which incentivizes associates for perfect attendance and referrals. We continue to expand functionality within Stafftrack to further enhance our client and associate experience. 
 Our Centerline Mobile app provides our drivers with access to information on-the-go including schedules, pay information, job extension requests and access to our Respect the Drive driver engagement program, which tracks milestone accomplishments for hours worked. We continue to expand and build functionality within the mobile app to enhance the overall driver experience. 
 We continue to evaluate opportunities to expand our market presence for specialized blue-collar staffing services, expand our geographical reach, provide a broad range of general staffing services, and dispatch our associates without the use of a physical location within our branch network. Continued investment in specialized sales, recruiting and service expertise will create a more seamless experience for our clients to access all our services with more comprehensive solutions to enhance their performance and our growth. Our business segments offer complementary workforce solutions with unique value propositions to meet our clients demands for talent. 
 Our RPO business continues to leverage our strong brand and innovative technology for high-volume sourcing and dedicated client service teams for connecting people to opportunities. We will continue to focus our sales and marketing efforts to reach new clients as the demand for outsourced recruiting support increases. 
 COMPETITION 
 Contingent staffing services 
 The staffing industry is large and highly fragmented with large publicly-held companies as well as privately-owned companies on a national, regional and local level. No single company has a dominant share of the industry. We compete primarily with local and regional companies, as well as internet-based companies providing a variety of flexible workforce solutions. The strongest staffing services competitor in a particular market is a company with established relationships and a track record of meeting the clients needs. The most significant competitive factors are price, ability to promptly fill client orders, success in meeting clients expectations of recruiting qualified associates, quality of client and associate technology tools, and appropriately addressing client service issues. 
 Staffing companies compete both to recruit and retain a supply of associates, and to attract and retain clients who will utilize these associates. Client demand for contingent staffing services is dependent on the overall strength of the economy, specific industry and sector performance, and workforce flexibility trends. This creates volatility for the staffing industry based on overall economic conditions. Historically, in periods of economic growth, the number of companies providing contingent workforce solutions has increased due to low barriers to entry, whereas, during recessionary periods, the number of companies has decreased through consolidation, bankruptcies or other events. Competitive forces have historically limited our ability to raise our prices to immediately and fully offset the increased costs of doing business, some of which include increased associate wages, workers compensation costs, unemployment insurance and health care. 
 We believe we derive a competitive advantage from our service history, our specialized approach in serving the industries of our clients, and our mobile apps, which connect associates with jobs and create virtual exchanges between our associates and clients. Our PeopleReady JobStack and PeopleManagement Stafftrack mobile apps are helping to competitively differentiate our services, expand our reach into new demographics, and improve our recruiting, sales and service delivery. Our national presence, industry specialization, investment in technology, and proprietary systems and processes, together with specialized programs focused on worker safety, risk management, and legal and regulatory compliance are key differentiators from many of our competitors. 
 
 Page - 7 

Table of Contents 

Human resource outsourcing 
 Our strongest competitors are companies who specialize in RPO services, as well as companies who offer broader human resource outsourcing solutions, which include RPO services. No single provider dominates the market. Competition also includes companies that choose to perform recruiting in-house. The most significant competitive factors for RPO services are the ability to attract top talent, reduce cost per hire, improve retention, deploy best-in-class technology solutions and improve employment branding. Important factors for success in RPO services include the ability to add significant scalability to a client s recruiting and hiring efforts, including accommodating seasonal and irregular hiring; the ability to increase efficiency by standardizing processes and facilitating transitions for candidates and employees; and the ability to source the most attractive talent at the best price. Our tailored solutions, client partnerships, proprietary technologies and service delivery are key differentiators from many of our competitors. 
 CLIENTS 
 Our clients range from small businesses to Fortune 100 companies. 
 During fiscal 2022, we served approximately 84,000 clients in industries including construction, manufacturing and logistics, warehousing and distribution, waste and recycling, energy, transportation, retail, hospitality and general labor. Our ten largest clients accounted for 19.2 of total revenue for fiscal 2022, 17.2 for fiscal 2021 and 19.0 for fiscal 2020. Our single largest client for fiscal 2022 accounted for 3.1 of total company revenue. 
 No single client represented more than 10.0 of total company revenue for fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 CYCLICAL AND SEASONAL NATURE OF OUR BUSINESS 
 The workforce solutions business has historically been cyclical, often acting as an indicator of both economic downturns and upswings. Clients tend to use a contingent workforce to supplement their existing workforce and generally hire permanent employees when long-term demand is expected to increase. As a consequence, our revenue from services tends to increase quickly when the economy begins to grow. Conversely, our revenue from services decreases quickly when the economy begins to weaken and contingent staff positions are eliminated, permanent hiring is frozen, and turnover replacement diminishes. 
 Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations for contingent staffing services. Demand is lower during the first and second quarters, due in part to limitations to outside work during the winter months and slowdown in manufacturing and logistics after the holiday season. Demand for contingent labor peaks during the third quarter for outdoor work and the fourth quarter for manufacturing and logistics, warehousing and distribution, and retail for the holiday season. Our working capital requirements are primarily driven by our associate payroll and client accounts receivable. Since receipts from clients lag payroll to associates, working capital requirements increase substantially in periods of growth. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 Our employees 
 We believe our success as a company depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented employees. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. As of December 25, 2022, we employed approximately 6,500 full-time equivalent FTE employees. We have approximately 4,900 FTE employees in North America, of which approximately 96 are in the U.S., 1,200 FTE employees in Asia Pacific, and 400 FTE employees in Europe. None of our permanent employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe that our employee relations are in good standing, as evidenced by our semi-annual employee engagement survey results. Our Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors regularly receives reports regarding the progress on our key human capital initiatives. These reports inform discussions regarding the development, retention and engagement of our employees. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are discussed below. 
 
 Page - 8 

Table of Contents 

Values and ethics 
 Our commitment to certain core values are what we believe attract and more importantly retain individuals who live these values. Our values are: 
 Be Optimistic We believe there is a solution to every problem. By being innovative and working together, we can find new ways to get results. 
 Be Passionate We believe in what we do, are committed to doing good, and will go above and beyond the call of duty for our clients and workers. 
 Be Accountable We empower our people to take personal responsibility and make an impact. 
 Be Respectfu l We listen and learn from each other, embrace diverse views and experiences, and know that finding successful solutions comes from working together. 
 Be True We are true to who we are and what our clients need. 
 In addition to our values, our Code of Conduct Business Ethics (the Code describes the expectations we hold for each employee, from our commitment to treat each other kindly to our zero tolerance for fraud, bribery or corruption. It reflects who we are, how we work, and is based on our core values and the law. The Code applies to members of the Board of Directors (the Board ), officers and all other employees who work for TrueBlue and its affiliates worldwide. We require all of our employees to complete our Code training, as well as courses about sexual harassment awareness and prevention. 
 Culture and engagement 
 We believe a strong corporate culture includes an emphasis on employee engagement. As we have continued to utilize a hybrid work model, we have utilized live and recorded video town hall meetings to ensure employees throughout the company remain engaged, connected to leadership, and focused on our values and business strategies. To assess and improve our culture, we utilize an independent third-party to measure how favorably our employees view our organizational culture and engagement. These surveys include corporate culture assessments, as well as feedback on employee engagement and employee-management relations. The results of these surveys are reported and distributed throughout management and the Board, and are used to create actionable plans to improve employee engagement and retention. Our October 2022 survey achieved an engagement score of 78, consistent with our October 2021 survey, which exceeds the benchmark score of 75 set by the independent third-party survey provider. 
 Developing our people 
 In order to retain talented employees, our Full Performance program focuses on personal development and career growth through setting and monitoring performance goals, continuous learning, and the creation of internal career opportunities. Employees create individual development plans, identify specific skill gaps and development goals, and chart a path for career growth. We aim to strengthen skills that transfer across roles, business segments and functions. Managers meet regularly with employees to discuss their plans, and yearly assessments provide a formal process for tracking progress. This standardized process also ensures employees in similar positions are similarly evaluated. To support employee growth, we provide access to a wide range of training courses to enable more effective onboarding, work performance, compliance and advancement of corporate initiatives. This strategy supports our intent to foster a culture that enables all employees to realize their full professional potential and cultivates a qualified network of future leaders. During 2022, our employees completed nearly 37,000 training courses. 
 Supplementing our Full Performance program, we launched an enterprise-wide Global Mentorship Program in 2020. The program is designed to pair mentees with mentors based on a common area of interest for personal and professional development. In 2022, we introduced the Diversity, Equity Inclusion stream, which gave employees the opportunity to be paired based on alignment with common personal characteristics. 
 
 Page - 9 

Table of Contents 

Diversity, equity and inclusion 
 We are dedicated to fostering, recognizing and embracing diversity at every level of the organization. Our Chief Executive Officer and executive team are committed to having opportunities and a career path for everyone in the organization. Our Chief Diversity Officer leads the Diversity, Equity Inclusion Council (the Council ). The Council is a group of employees across multiple service lines who design and launch initiatives that advance acceptance and foster a diverse and inclusive workplace. The Council sponsors training to build diversity and inclusion awareness, and supports our Employee Resource Groups ERGs ). 
 ERGs are employee-led groups that create opportunities for employees to collaborate based on shared characteristics or life experiences to support each other for enhanced career and personal development. ERGs seek to maximize employee engagement and contribute to our overall business objectives by offering diverse perspectives, networking opportunities and increased cultural awareness. We have eight ERGs for employees sharing similar ethnicity, nationality, gender, or life experience and their respective allies. Through these initiatives, we learn how our differences build stronger teams and how our histories reveal similarities. In 2022, we launched live unconscious bias training for employees facilitated by our Chief Diversity Officer. Our focus on diversity, equity and inclusion creates an environment where every employee can experience merit-based career growth, receive the training and development they need to succeed, gain access to new opportunities, and be their authentic selves. 
 Today, 75 of our Board is comprised of members from under-represented groups. As of December 25, 2022, approximately 65 of our global FTE employee population and 50 of our directors and above were female. Approximately 50 of our total domestic FTE employee population and 20 of our directors and above consider themselves ethnically diverse. While we believe we have assembled a diverse internal employee workforce, we are committed to making further improvements. 
 Health and wellness 
 We provide our employees and their families with flexible health and wellness programs, including competitive benefits. Our benefits include health, dental and vision insurance, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, and family care resources. 
 Our associates 
 Associates are the individuals who make up our contingent workforce to serve the needs of our staffing clients. We attract our pool of associates through our proprietary mobile apps, online resources, extensive internal databases, advertising, job fairs, community-based organizations and various other methods. We identify the skills, knowledge, abilities and personal characteristics of our associates and match their competencies and capabilities to our clients requirements. This enables our clients to obtain immediate value by placing a highly productive employee on the job site. We use a variety of proprietary programs and methods for identifying and assessing the skill level of our associates when selecting a particular individual for a specific assignment and retaining those associates for future assignments. We believe that our programs and methods enable us to offer a higher quality of service by increasing productivity, decreasing turnover, reducing absenteeism and improving associate safety. 
 Skill development 
 Associates come to us because of the flexibility we offer to fill a short-term financial need and/or provide longer-term contingent flexible labor opportunities. We act as a bridge to permanent, full-time employment for thousands of associates each year. Associates may be assigned to different jobs and job sites, and their assignments could last for a few hours or extend for several months or years. We provide our associates meaningful work and the opportunity to improve their skills. Through our Bridges to Work program, we provide work opportunities for individuals that have been under-represented in the workforce, such as the long-term unemployed or those with challenging backgrounds. Through our Work-Up program, we provide skills training and career development for associates. We are considered the legal employer of our associates, and laws regulating the employment relationship are applicable to our operations. We believe we have an overall positive relationship with our associates. 
 
 Page - 10 

Table of Contents 

Safety 
 We remain committed to associate safety. We have developed an integrated risk management program that focuses on loss analysis, education and safety improvement programs to reduce the risk of injury to our associates. We designed an employee incentive compensation program tied to metrics that promote associate safety. We continuously track injuries to our associates at our client job sites across regions, industries and brands to identify trends that allow us to focus our safety resources on the types of jobs that may lead to more injuries. Costs associated with accidents are charged to each branch or location, providing additional incentive to promote safety. We distribute educational materials to our clients and provide safety training to all associates. We also perform client site visits to identify and address specific safety risks unique to an industry or job site. 
 REGULATION 
 Our services are subject to a variety of complex federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations. We continuously monitor legislation and regulatory changes for their potential effect on our business. We invest in technology and process improvements to implement required changes while minimizing the impact on our operating efficiency and effectiveness. Regulatory cost increases are passed through to our clients to the fullest extent possible. 
 TRADEMARKS 
 We own several trademarks that are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the European Union Community Trademark Office and numerous individual country trademark offices. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), are publicly available, free of charge, on our website at www.trueblue.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct and Business Ethics and Board Committee Charters are also posted to our website. The information on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 
 Page - 11 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risk. The following risk factors and all other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered in evaluating our future prospects. If any of the events described below occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or access to the capital markets could be materially and adversely affected. 
 To develop the following risk factors, we review risks to our business that are informed by our formal Enterprise Risk Management program, industry trends, the external market, and financial environment as well as dialogue with leaders throughout our organization. Our risk factors descriptions are intended to convey our assessment of each applicable risk and such assessments are prioritized and integrated into our strategic and operational planning. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMPANY S OPERATIONS 
 Demand for our workforce solutions is significantly affected by fluctuations in general economic conditions. 
 The demand for our workforce solutions is highly dependent upon the state of the economy and the workforce needs of our clients, which creates uncertainty and volatility in our operations. Our profitability is sensitive to decreases in demand. National and global economic activity is slowed by many factors, including rising interest rates, recessionary periods, inflation, political and legislative changes, international conflict or instability, epidemics, other significant health concerns, and global trade uncertainties. As economic activity slows, companies tend to reduce their use of associates and recruitment of new employees. We work in a broad range of industries that primarily include construction, manufacturing and logistics, warehousing and distribution, waste and recycling, energy, transportation, retail and hospitality. Significant declines in demand from any region or industry in which we have a major presence, domestic or global supply chain disruptions, or decline in the financial health of our clients, significantly decreases our revenues and profits. For example, we experienced significantly reduced demand from our clients due to the coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 and the resulting supply chain disruptions in the manufacturing and renewable energy sectors we serve. The extent to which global pandemics impact our financial condition or results of operations will depend on factors such as the duration and scope of the pandemic, as well as whether there is a material impact on the businesses or productivity of our clients, employees, associates and other partners. 
 Further deterioration in economic conditions, as a result of COVID-19, global supply chain issues, political instability, rising energy prices, a recession or fear of a recession, and the related governmental responses to these concerns, or otherwise, could lead to a prolonged decline in demand for our services and negatively impact our business. Deterioration in economic conditions or the financial or credit markets could also have an adverse impact on our clients financial health or their ability to pay for services we have already provided. 
 It is difficult for us to forecast future demand for our services due to the inherent uncertainty in forecasting the direction and strength of economic cycles and the project nature of our staffing assignments. The uncertainty can be exacerbated by volatile economic conditions, which has caused and may continue to cause clients to reduce or defer projects for which they utilize our services. The negative impact to our business can occur before, during or after a decline in economic activity is seen in the broader economy. When it is difficult for us to accurately forecast future demand, we may not be able to determine the optimal level of personnel and investment necessary to profitably manage our business in light of opportunities and risks we face. 
 Advances in technology may disrupt the labor and recruiting markets. Failure to constantly improve our technology to meet the expectations of clients, associates, candidates and employees could have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 The increased use of internet-based and mobile technology is attracting additional technology-oriented companies and resources to our industry. Our associates, candidates and clients increasingly demand technological innovation to improve the access to and delivery of our services. Our clients increasingly rely on automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning and other new technologies to reduce their dependence on labor needs, which may reduce demand for our services and impact our operations. We face extensive pressure for lower prices and new service offerings and must continue to invest in and implement new technology and industry developments in order to remain relevant to our associates, candidates and clients. As a result of this increasing dependence upon technology, we must timely and effectively identify, develop, or license technology from third parties, and integrate such enhanced or expanded technologies into the solutions that we provide. In addition, our business relies on a variety of technologies, including those that support recruiting, hiring, paying, order management, billing, collecting, associate data analytics and client data analytics. If we do not sufficiently invest in and implement new technology, or evolve our business at sufficient speed and scale, our business results may decline materially. Acquiring technological resources and expertise to develop new technologies for our business may require us to incur significant expenses and capital costs. For some solutions, we depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and support. If these third parties fail to perform their obligations or cease to work with us, our business operations could be negatively affected. 
 
 Page - 12 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent on obtaining workers compensation and other insurance coverage at commercially reasonable terms. Unexpected changes in claim trends on our workers compensation or an inability to obtain appropriate insurance coverage may negatively impact our financial condition. 
 Our contingent staffing services employ associates for which we provide workers compensation insurance. Our workers compensation insurance policies are renewed annually. The majority of our insurance policies are with AIG. Our insurance carriers require us to collateralize a significant portion of our workers compensation obligation. The majority of our collateral is held in trust by a third-party for the payment of these claims. The loss or decline in the value of our collateral could require us to seek additional sources of capital to pay our workers compensation claims. As our business grows or financial results deteriorate, we have seen the amount of collateral required increase and the timing of providing collateral accelerate, which could occur again in the future. Resources to meet these requirements may not be available. We cannot be certain we will be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future or that adequate replacement policies will be available on acceptable terms. The loss of our workers compensation insurance coverage would prevent us from operating as a staffing services business in the majority of our markets. Further, we cannot be certain that our current and former insurance carriers will be able to pay claims we make under such policies. 
 We self-insure, or otherwise bear financial responsibility for, a significant portion of expected losses under our workers compensation program. We have experienced unexpected changes in claim trends, including the severity and frequency of claims, changes in state laws regarding benefit levels and allowable claims, actuarial estimates, and medical cost inflation, and may experience such changes in the future which could result in costs that are significantly different than initially anticipated or reported and could cause us to record adjustments to the reserves in our financial statements. There is a risk that we will not be able to increase the fees charged to our clients in a timely manner and in a sufficient amount to cover increased costs as a result of any changes in claims-related liabilities. 
 We actively manage the safety of our associates through our safety programs and actively control costs with our network of workers compensation related service providers. These activities have had a positive impact creating favorable adjustments to workers compensation liabilities recorded in the current and prior periods. The benefit of these adjustments is likely to decline and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to reduce accident rates and control costs to produce these results in the future. 
 Some clients require extensive insurance coverage and request insurance endorsements that are not available under standard policies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate acceptable compromises with clients or negotiate appropriate changes in our insurance contracts. An inability to meet client insurance requirements may adversely affect our ability to take on new clients or continue providing services to existing clients. 
 The loss of, continued reduction in or substantial decline in revenue from larger clients or certain industries could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and liquidity. 
 We experience revenue concentration with large clients and in certain industries. Generally, our contracts do not contain guarantees of minimum duration, revenue levels, or profitability. Our clients have in the past and could in the future terminate their contracts or materially reduce their requested levels of service at any time. Although we have no client that represents over 10 of our consolidated revenue, there are a few clients that exceed 10 of revenues within some of our reportable segments. The deterioration of the financial condition of a large client or a particular industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a significant change to the business, staffing, or recruiting model of these clients, for example a decision to insource our services, has had, and could again have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Reduced demand for our services from larger clients or certain industries, or supply interruptions for manufacturing, have had, and in the future could have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Client concentration exposes us to concentrated credit risk, as a significant portion of our accounts receivable may be from a small number of clients. If we are unable to collect our receivables, or are required to take additional reserves, our results and cash flows will be adversely affected. 
 
 Page - 13 

Table of Contents 

Our business and operations have undergone, and will continue to undergo, significant change as we seek to improve our operational and support effectiveness, which if not managed effectively could have an adverse outcome on our business and results of operations. 
 We have significantly changed our operations and internal processes in recent periods, such as our continued development of technology to leverage our operational effectiveness, and we will continue making similar changes to improve our operational effectiveness. These efforts strain our systems, management, administrative, operations and financial infrastructure. We believe these efforts are important to our long-term success. Managing and cascading these changes throughout the company will continue to require the further attention of our management team and refinements to our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. These activities will require ongoing expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, our costs and expenses may increase more than we expect and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 
 New business initiatives may cause us to incur additional expenditures and could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We expect to continue adjusting the composition of our business segments and entering into new business initiatives as part of our business strategy. New business initiatives, strategic business partners, or changes in the composition of our business mix can be distracting to our management and disruptive to our operations, causing our business and results of operations to suffer materially. New business initiatives, including initiatives outside of our workforce solutions business, in new markets, or new geographies, could involve significant unanticipated challenges and risks including not advancing our business strategy, not realizing our anticipated return on investment, experiencing difficulty in implementing initiatives, or diverting management s attention from our other businesses. In particular, we are making significant investments to advance our technology, and we cannot be sure that those initiatives will be successful, will not interrupt our operations, or that we will achieve a return on our investment. These events could cause material harm to our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Damage to our brands and reputation could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our ability to attract and retain clients, associates, candidates and employees is affected by external perceptions of our brands and reputation. Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with current or prospective clients, associates, candidates and employees. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding our employees, business practices, vendors, clients, or business partners may adversely affect our brand and reputation. We may not be successful in detecting, preventing, or negating all changes in or impacts on our reputation, including reputational effects of negative social media use by our clients, employees, or associates. Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosures. Our reputation could be associated with our position, or silence, regarding various corporate ESG initiatives, including goals for sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and harm our business. If any factor, including unethical behavior, illegal conduct, poor performance or negative publicity, whether or not true, hurts our reputation, we may experience negative repercussions which could harm our business. 
 We may not achieve the intended effects of our business strategy which could negatively impact our results. 
 Our business strategy focuses on driving growth in our PeopleReady, PeopleScout and PeopleManagement business segments by investing in innovative technology and initiatives which drive organic growth. These investments may not achieve our desired results or may be impacted by matters outside of our control. If we are unsuccessful in executing any of these strategies, or if these strategies fail to address the changing demands of the market, we may not achieve our goal of revenue and profit growth, which could negatively impact financial results. 
 
 Page - 14 

Table of Contents 

Outsourcing certain aspects of our business could result in disruption and increased costs. 
 We have outsourced certain aspects of our business to third-party vendors. These relationships subject us to significant risks including disruptions in our business and increased costs. For example, we license software from third parties, much of which is central to our systems and our business. The licenses are generally terminable if we breach our obligations under the license agreements. If any of these relationships were terminated, or if any of these parties were to cease doing business or supporting the applications we currently utilize, our business could be disrupted and we may be forced to spend significant time and money to replace the licensed software. In addition, we have engaged third parties to host and manage certain aspects of our data center, information and technology infrastructure, mobile apps, and electronic pay solutions, to provide certain back office support activities, and to support business process outsourcing for our clients. We are subject to the risks associated with the vendors inability to provide these services in a manner that meets our needs and the risks associated with changing vendors or in sourcing these aspects of our business. If the cost of these services is more than expected, if the vendors suddenly cease providing their services, if we or the vendors fail to adequately protect our data and information is lost or compromised, or if our ability to deliver our services is interrupted, then our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL POSITION 
 We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value. 
 Our Board of Directors (the Board has authorized a share repurchase program. Under the program, we are authorized to repurchase shares of common stock for a set aggregate purchase price, or we may choose to purchase shares in the open market, from individual holders, through an accelerated share repurchase agreement or otherwise. Although the Board has authorized a share repurchase program, the share repurchase program does not obligate the company to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The timing and amount of the repurchases, if any, will be determined at management s discretion and depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, the trading price of our common stock and the nature of other investment opportunities. The repurchase program may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Future regulatory action could impact our ability to continue this program or our ability to repurchase shares under the existing program. In addition, repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a share repurchase program could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions. There can be no assurance that these share repurchases will enhance shareholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the level at which we repurchased shares of stock. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, there is no assurance that it will do so and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 Our level of debt and restrictions in our credit agreement could negatively affect our operations and limit our liquidity and our ability to react to changes in the economy. 
 Our revolving credit agreement Revolving Credit Facility contains restrictive covenants that require us to maintain certain financial conditions, which we may fail to meet if there is a material decrease in our profitability. Our failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, would require us to repay these borrowings before their due date. We may not have sufficient funds on hand to repay these loans, and if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, or are unable to refinance at all, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by increased costs and rates. 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are funds generated from operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. We must have sufficient sources of liquidity to meet our working capital requirements, fund our workers compensation collateral requirements, service our outstanding indebtedness, and finance investment opportunities. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations or we may not be able to pursue promising business opportunities. 
 If our debt level significantly increases in the future, it could have significant consequences for the operation of our business including requiring us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing our debt rather than using it for our operations; limiting our ability to obtain additional debt financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, or other corporate purposes; limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisitions; limiting our ability to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and putting us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt. 
 
 Page - 15 

Table of Contents 

We may have additional tax liabilities that exceed our estimates. 
 We are subject to federal taxes, a multitude of state and local taxes in the United States of America U.S. ), and taxes in foreign jurisdictions. Changes in the mix of our taxable income by jurisdiction could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Changes in interpretation of existing laws and regulations by a taxing authority could result in penalties and increased costs in the future. Taxing authorities may challenge our methodologies for valuing intercompany arrangements or may change their laws, which could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operation. 
 We face continued uncertainty surrounding ongoing hiring tax credits we utilize, and for the recent business tax incentives related to measures taken to soften the impact of COVID-19. Also, in the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation with tax authorities could materially harm our business. 
 Failure to maintain adequate financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting. 
 If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, including those over our third-party vendors, our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, a loss of public confidence and litigation. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial, technology, and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RELATED RISKS 
 We may experience employment-related claims, commercial indemnification claims and other legal proceedings that could materially harm our business. 
 We incur a risk of liability for claims relating to personal injury, wage and hour violations, immigration, discrimination, harassment, securities law matters, contractual obligations, government inquiries and other claims. Some or all of these claims may give rise to negative publicity, investigations, litigation or settlements, which may cause us to incur costs or have other material adverse impacts on our financial statements. Additionally, new employment and labor laws and regulations may be proposed or adopted that may increase the potential exposure of employers to employment-related claims and litigation. 
 Certain clients have negotiated broad indemnification provisions regarding the services we provide. In addition, we may have liability to our clients for the action or inaction of our employees that may cause harm to our clients or third parties. In some cases, we must indemnify our clients for certain acts of our associates or arising from our associates presence on the client s job site. We may also incur fines, penalties, and losses that are not covered by insurance or negative publicity with respect to these matters. 
 We maintain insurance with respect to some potential claims and costs with deductibles. We cannot be certain we will be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future or that adequate replacement policies will be available on acceptable terms. Should the final judgments or settlements exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to obtain insurance, its coverage levels, deductibles and premiums, are all dependent on market factors, our loss history, and insurance providers assessments of our overall risk profile. Further, we cannot be certain our current and former insurance carriers will be able to pay claims we make under such policies. 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, and we face the risk that our services or products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. 
 We have invested in developing specialized technology and intellectual property, proprietary systems, processes and methodologies that we believe provide us a competitive advantage in serving clients. We cannot guarantee that trade secret, trademark, and copyright law protections are adequate to deter misappropriation of our intellectual property, which is an important part of our business. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of our intellectual property and take the necessary steps to enforce our rights. We cannot be sure that our services and products, or the products of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and we may have infringement claims asserted against us or our clients. These claims may harm our reputation, result in financial liability and prevent us from offering some services or products to clients. 
 
 Page - 16 

Table of Contents 

Our efforts to maintain adequate compliance policies and controls may not prevent violations that could result in significant fines and penalties. 
 We could be exposed to fines and penalties under U.S., foreign, or local jurisdictions for failure to adequately monitor operating requirements and changes thereto, including rules related to the employment and recruiting of associates and candidates. Failure to comply with laws in a particular market may result in substantial liability and could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market, but also on our reputation generally. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to monitor and ensure compliance with these various regulations, we cannot be sure that our employees, contractors, vendors, or agents will not violate such policies. Any such violations could materially damage our reputation, brand, business and operating results. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY 
 Our workforce solutions are subject to extensive government regulation and the imposition of additional regulations, which could materially harm our future earnings. 
 Our workforce solutions are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign government regulation. The cost to comply, and any inability to comply with government regulation, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Increases or changes in government regulation of the workplace, contingent staffing, the employer-employee relationship, or judicial or administrative proceedings related to such regulation, could materially harm our business. 
 The wage rates we pay to associates are based on many factors including government-mandated increases to minimum wage requirements, payroll-related taxes and benefits. If we are not able to increase the fees charged to clients to absorb any increased costs related to these factors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to attract sufficient qualified associates and candidates to meet the needs of our clients. 
 We compete to meet our clients needs for workforce solutions; therefore, we must continually attract qualified associates and candidates to fill positions. Attracting qualified associates and candidates depends on factors such as desirability of the assignment, position requirements, location, the associated wages and other benefits. Many of these factors are outside of our control, including the reputational effects of unfavorable comments on social media outlets about our business or a work site. When unemployment in the U.S. is low, it is challenging to find sufficient eligible associates and candidates to meet our clients orders. Government responses to COVID-19, including generous unemployment benefits, stimulus payments and other direct payments to individuals, negatively impacted our ability to recruit qualified associates and candidates. A return to similar benefits in the future could further negatively impact our ability to recruit qualified associates and candidates. 
 We have experienced shortages of qualified associates and candidates and may experience such shortages in the future. Such a shortage of associates and candidates can increase the cost to employ or recruit these individuals, cause us to be unable to fulfill our clients needs, and otherwise negatively impact our business. If general market conditions or wage inflation increase the wage rates required to attract and retain associates, and we are unable to pass those costs through to our clients, it could materially and adversely affect our business. Organized labor is increasing its unionization efforts in many of the industries we serve and periodically engages in efforts to represent various groups of our associates. If we are subject to unreasonable collective bargaining agreements or work disruptions, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and may be unable to retain clients, market share or profit margins. 
 Our industry is highly competitive and rapidly innovating, with low barriers to entry. We compete in global, national, regional and local markets with full-service and specialized companies offering contingent staffing as well as business process outsourcing. Our competitors offer a variety of flexible workforce solutions. Therefore, there is no assurance that we will be able to retain clients or market share in the future, nor can there be any assurance that we will, in light of competitive pressures, be able to remain profitable or maintain our current profit margins. 
 
 Page - 17 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY, DATA PRIVACY AND INFORMATION SECURITY 
 Cybersecurity vulnerabilities and incidents could lead to the improper disclosure of information about our clients, candidates, associates and employees. 
 Our business requires the use, processing, and storage of confidential information about candidates, associates, employees and clients. We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out operational and support activities and maintain our business records. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, partners, associates, and employees. The breadth and complexity of this infrastructure increases the potential risk of security breaches which could lead to potential unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. 
 Our systems and networks, and the systems and networks of our vendors and clients, are vulnerable to computer viruses, malware, hackers and other security issues, including physical and electronic break-ins, disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering, social engineering attacks, impersonation of authorized users and coordinated denial-of-services attacks. An increasing remote workforce and flexible workplace practices may increase these risks, for example with the use of home networks that may lack encryption or secure password protection. A material incident involving system failure, data loss or security breach and the resulting could harm our reputation and subject us to significant monetary damages or losses, litigation, negative publicity, regularity enforcement actions, fines, criminal prosecution, as well as liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal and/or confidential data. We and our vendors have experienced cybersecurity incidents and attacks that have not had a material impact on our business or results of operations; however, there is no assurance that the impacts of any future incidents or attacks will not be material. The security controls over sensitive or confidential information and other practices we and our third-party vendors follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such information. Continued investments in cybersecurity will increase our costs and a failure to prevent access to our systems could lead to penalties, litigation, and damage to our reputation. Perceptions that we or our vendors do not adequately protect the privacy of information could harm our relationship with clients and employees. 
 Data security, data privacy and data protection laws and other technology regulations increase our costs. 
 Laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection are evolving and generally becoming more stringent. We may fail to implement practices and procedures that comply with increasing foreign and domestic privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulations or the California Consumer Privacy Act. Several additional U.S. states and foreign countries where we operate have issued cybersecurity regulations that outline a variety of required security measures for protection of data. These regulations are designed to protect client, candidate, associate, and employee data and require that we meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including the use, protection and transfer of personal data. As these laws continue to change, we may be required to make changes to our services, solutions or products to meet the new legal requirements. Changes in these laws may increase our costs to comply as well as our potential costs through higher potential penalties for non-compliance. Failure to protect or implement adequate controls to secure the integrity and security of such confidential and/or proprietary information could expose us to regulatory fines, litigation, contractual liability, damage to our reputation and increased compliance costs. 
 Improper disclosure of, or access to, our clients information could materially harm our business. 
 Our associates and employees may have access or exposure to confidential information about candidates, associates, employees and clients. The security controls over sensitive or confidential information and other practices we, our clients, and our third-party vendors follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such information, including through failure of employees or associates to properly comply with such controls or practices. Failure to protect the integrity and security of such confidential and/or proprietary information could expose us to regulatory fines, litigation, contractual liability, damage to our reputation and increased compliance costs. 
 
 Page - 18 

Table of Contents 

Failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The efficient operation of our business applications and services we provide is dependent on reliable technology. We rely on our information technology systems to monitor and control our operations, adjust to changing market conditions, implement strategic initiatives and provide services to clients. We rely heavily on proprietary and third-party information technology systems, mobile device technology, data centers, cloud-based environments and other technology. We take various precautions and have enhanced controls around these systems, but information technology systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions, shutdowns, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophic events or failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, vendors, or databases. The failure of technology and our applications and services, and our information systems to perform as anticipated could disrupt our business and result in decreased revenue and increased overhead costs, causing our business and results of operations to suffer materially. 
 Our facilities and operations are vulnerable to damage and interruption. 
 Our primary computer systems, headquarters, support facilities and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, employee errors, security breaches, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, civil unrest and catastrophic events. Failure of our systems, or damage to our facilities, may cause significant interruption to our business and require significant additional capital and management resources to resolve, causing material harm to our business. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Our results of operations could materially deteriorate if we fail to attract, develop and retain qualified employees. 
 Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining qualified employees who are able to meet the needs of our clients. We believe our competitive advantage is providing unique solutions for each client, which requires us to have trained and engaged employees. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including management, sales, recruiting, service, technology and administrative personnel. The turnover rate in the employment services industry is high, and qualified individuals may be difficult to attract and hire. Our inability to recruit, train, motivate, retain, integrate and provide a safe working environment to a sufficient number of qualified individuals may delay or affect the speed and quality of our strategy execution and planned growth. Delayed expansion, significant increases in employee turnover rates, failure to keep our staff healthy or significant increases in labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Loss of our executive officers or other key personnel or other changes to our management team could disrupt our operations or harm our business. 
 We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and certain key personnel. Our failure to develop an adequate succession plan for one or more of our executive officers or other key positions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage during a transition. The loss or limited availability of the services of one or more of our executive officers or other key personnel, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified executive officers or other key personnel in the future, could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We have recently experienced a CEO transition, and could have additional executive leadership changes as part of our overall succession plans. Such leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and an inadequate transition could cause disruption to our business, including our relationships with our clients and employees. 
 Acquisitions may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We may continue making acquisitions as part of our business strategy. However this strategy may be impeded and we may not achieve our long-term growth goals if we cannot identify suitable acquisition candidates or if acquisition candidates are not available under acceptable terms. We may have difficulty integrating acquired companies into our operating, financial planning, and financial reporting systems and may not effectively manage acquired companies to achieve expected growth. 
 
 Page - 19 

Table of Contents 

Future acquisitions could result in incurring additional debt and contingent liabilities, an increase in interest expense, amortization expense, and charges related to integration costs. Additional indebtedness could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. We may also issue equity securities to pay for an acquisition, which could result in dilution to our shareholders. Any acquisitions we announce could be viewed negatively by investors, which may adversely affect the price of our common stock. Acquisitions can also result in the addition of goodwill and intangible assets to our financial statements and we may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which we determine an impairment of our acquired goodwill and intangible assets has occurred, which would negatively impact our financial results. The potential loss of key executives, employees, clients, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners of businesses we acquire may adversely impact the value of the assets, operations, or business we acquire. These events could cause material harm to our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We face risks in operating internationally. 
 A portion of our business operations and support functions are located outside of the U.S. These international operations are subject to a number of risks, including the effects of global health crises and resulting governmental actions, political and economic conditions in those foreign countries, foreign currency fluctuations, the burden of complying with various foreign laws and technical standards, unpredictable changes in foreign regulations, U.S. legal requirements governing U.S. companies operating in foreign countries, legal and cultural differences in the conduct of business, potential adverse tax consequences and difficulty in staffing and managing international operations. We could also be exposed to fines and penalties under U.S. or foreign laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and/or the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which prohibits improper payments to governmental officials and others for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, we cannot be sure that our employees, vendors, contractors or agents will not violate such policies. Any such violations could materially damage our reputation, brands, business and operating results. Further, changes in U.S. laws and policies governing foreign investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards the U.S. resulting from such changes, could adversely affect our operations. 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, which may result in losses for investors. 
 The market price for our common stock has been and may be subject to significant volatility. Our stock price can fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, including those caused by COVID-19; social unrest; announcement of new services or acquisitions by us or our competitors; changes in financial estimates or other statements by securities analysts; changes in industry trends or conditions; regulatory developments; and any major change in our Board, leadership team or management. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of listed companies. These broad market and industry factors may impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. 
 
 Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 We lease building space for all our PeopleReady branches, except for two that we own in Florida. In addition, we lease office spaces to support our PeopleManagement operations and PeopleScout centralized support functions. Under the majority of our leases, we have the right to terminate the lease with 90 days notice. We do not anticipate any difficulty in renewing these leases or in finding alternative sites in the ordinary course of business. We own an office building in Tacoma, Washington, which serves as our corporate headquarters. During 2022, the majority of our staffing operations employees returned to work in branches or on-site facilities. We continued to utilize a hybrid work model for the majority of our other employees who continue to work-from-home, while utilizing our support center facilities when necessary or beneficial. Management believes all our facilities are currently suitable for their intended use. 
 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See Note 8: Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements found in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Page - 20 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol TBI. 
 Holders of the corporation s common stock 
 We had approximately 387 shareholders of record as of February 8, 2023. This number does not include shareholders for whom shares were held in street name. 
 Dividends 
 No cash dividends have been declared on our common stock to date nor have any decisions been made to pay a dividend in the future. Payment of dividends is evaluated on a periodic basis and if dividends were paid, they would be subject to the covenants of our revolving credit agreement, which may have the effect of restricting our ability to pay dividends. 
 Stock repurchases 
 The table below includes repurchases of our common stock pursuant to publicly announced plans or programs and those not made pursuant to publicly announced plans or programs during the thirteen weeks ended December 25, 2022. 
 Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Weighted average price paid per share (2) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value that may yet be purchased under plans or programs at period end (3) 9/26/2022 through 10/23/2022 1,731 19.08 89.0 million 10/24/2022 through 11/20/2022 1,048 19.66 89.0 million 11/21/2022 through 12/25/2022 1,846 21.22 89.0 million Total 4,625 20.06 
 (1) During the thirteen weeks ended December 25, 2022, we purchased 4,625 shares in order to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock. These shares were not acquired pursuant to our publicly announced share repurchase program. 
 (2) Weighted average price paid per share does not include any adjustments for commissions. 
 (3) On January 31, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a 100.0 million share repurchase program of our outstanding common stock. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock and does not have an expiration date. As of December 25, 2022, 89.0 million remains available for repurchase under the existing authorization. 
 
 Page - 21 

Table of Contents 

TrueBlue stock comparative performance graph 
 The following graph depicts our stock price performance from December 31, 2017 through December 25, 2022, relative to the performance of the S P SmallCap 600 Index and S P 1500 Human Resources and Employment Services Index. 
 All indices shown in the graph have been reset to a base of 100 as of December 31, 2017, and assume an investment of 100 on that date and the reinvestment of dividends, if any, paid since that date. 
 COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (1) 
 
 Total return analysis 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 TrueBlue, Inc. 100 79 86 70 100 70 S P SmallCap 600 Index 100 91 112 125 157 133 S P 1500 Human Resources and Employment Services Index 100 83 102 105 154 117 
 (1) Graphic prepared by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2022. Index Data: Copyright Standard and Poor s, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

Page - 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is designed to provide the reader of our accompanying consolidated financial statements financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial statements and the accompanying notes to our financial statements. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 TrueBlue, Inc. (the company, TrueBlue, we, us and our is a leading provider of specialized workforce solutions that help our clients improve productivity and grow their businesses. Client demand for contingent workforce solutions and outsourced recruiting services is cyclical and dependent on the overall strength of the economy and labor market, as well as trends in workforce flexibility. During periods of rising economic uncertainty, clients reduce their contingent labor in response to lower volumes and reduced appetite for expanding production or inventory, which reduces the demand for our services. That environment also reduces demand for permanent placement recruiting, whether outsourced or in-house. However, as the economy emerges from periods of uncertainty, contingent labor providers are uniquely positioned to respond quickly to increasing demand for labor and rapidly fill new or temporary positions, replace absent employees, and convert fixed labor costs to variable costs. Similarly, companies often reduce their in-house recruiting teams during economic downturns, and turn to hybrid or fully outsourced recruiting models during periods of rapid re-hiring and high employee turnover. In order to competitively differentiate our services in these highly fragmented industries, we are committed to executing our digital strategies, combined with a focus on improving operational efficiencies in order to gain market share. We have implemented these core strategies for each of our business segments: PeopleReady, PeopleScout and PeopleManagement. For additional discussion on our business and strategy, refer to Business , found in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Fiscal 2022 highlights 
 Total company revenue grew 3.7 to 2.3 billion for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. Overall growth was driven by increased demand for our services during the first half of the year, partially offset by a decrease in demand during the second half of the year as economic uncertainty grew. Revenue at PeopleReady, our largest segment by revenue, remained relatively unchanged as growth from higher client bill rates and improved worker supply trends were offset by lower client demand due to economic uncertainty. Revenue at PeopleScout, our smallest segment by revenue but largest by segment profit as a percentage of revenue, grew 20.8 driven by higher volumes at existing clients and project work for new clients who were utilizing our services to fulfill short-term hiring needs. Revenue at PeopleManagement, our second largest segment by revenue, grew 3.8 , fueled by demand for commercial trucking services. 
 Total company gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 improved 90 basis points to 26.7 , compared to 25.8 for the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by the higher rates we bill our clients in our staffing businesses, which have increased ahead of the rates we pay our associates, and lower workers compensation costs. 
 Total company selling, general and administrative SG A expense increased 7.8 to 500.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. A portion of the increase in SG A expense was to support revenue growth of 3.7 , with the remaining increase primarily related to costs incurred for investments in technology and the absence of benefits from government incentive programs related to the coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 received in the prior year. 
 Revenue growth, along with an improvement in gross profit as a percentage of revenue, was offset by additional SG A expense, which resulted in net income remaining relatively unchanged at 62.3 million for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. 
 As of December 25, 2022, we are in a strong financial position with cash and cash equivalents of 72.1 million, no outstanding debt, and 292.8 million available under our revolving credit agreement Revolving Credit Facility ), for total liquidity of 364.9 million. 
 
 Page - 23 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Total company results 
 The following table presents selected financial data: 
 (in thousands, except percentages and per share data) 2022 of revenue 2021 of revenue Revenue from services 2,254,184 2,173,622 Gross profit 602,144 26.7 560,320 25.8 Selling, general and administrative expense 500,686 22.2 464,322 21.4 Depreciation and amortization 29,273 1.3 27,556 1.3 Income from operations 72,185 3.2 68,442 3.1 Interest expense and other income, net 1,231 5,408 Income before tax expense 73,416 73,850 Income tax expense 11,143 12,216 Net income 62,273 2.8 61,634 2.8 Net income per diluted share 1.86 1.74 
 Revenue from services 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 Growth Segment of total 2021 Segment of total Revenue from services: PeopleReady 1,272,852 0.2 56.5 1,270,928 58.5 PeopleScout 317,518 20.8 14.1 262,953 12.1 PeopleManagement 663,814 3.8 29.4 639,741 29.4 Total company 2,254,184 3.7 100.0 2,173,622 100.0 
 Total company revenue grew 3.7 to 2.3 billion for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. Overall growth was driven by higher client bill rates and improved worker supply trends within our staffing businesses, which includes our PeopleReady and PeopleManagement segments, as well as increased demand for our services during the first half of the year. This growth was partially offset by a decrease in demand for our services during the second half of the year as economic uncertainty grew. 
 PeopleReady 
 PeopleReady revenue was relatively unchanged at 1.3 billion for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. PeopleReady experienced improving client demand across most geographies during the first half of the year, and benefited from improvements in worker supply trends, job order fill rates, and client bill rates. These improvements were offset by a decline in demand during the second half of the year, as some clients reduced volumes or paused the use of variable labor to supplement their core workforce as economic uncertainty grew. 
 We believe our revenue results have been supported by the use of our JobStack TM mobile app that digitally connects associates with work. During fiscal 2022, PeopleReady associates completed approximately 3.4 million shifts that were dispatched via JobStack, which represented 64 of all completed shifts. During fiscal 2021, 58 of completed shifts were dispatched via JobStack. 
 PeopleScout 
 PeopleScout revenue grew 20.8 to 317.5 million for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. Revenue growth was stimulated by historically high client employee turnover rates during the first half of the year, creating increased demand at existing clients and project work for new clients who utilized our services to fulfill short-term hiring needs. During the second half of the year, many clients reduced hiring as a result of uncertainty in the economic environment. 
 
 Page - 24 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

PeopleManagement 
 PeopleManagement revenue grew 3.8 to 663.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. PeopleManagement s revenue growth was driven by demand for commercial driving services, as well as existing client growth despite challenges in the global supply chain during the first half of the year. 
 Gross profit 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Gross profit 602,144 560,320 Percentage of revenue 26.7 25.8 
 Gross profit as a percentage of revenue expanded 90 basis points to 26.7 for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to 25.8 for the prior year. Our staffing businesses contributed 100 basis points of expansion, of which 60 basis points were attributable to higher client bill rates, which have increased ahead of associate pay rates. An additional 50 basis points were attributable to lower workers compensation costs from a combination of favorable development on prior year reserves and fewer workplace injuries. This expansion was partially offset by a contraction of 10 basis points, due to an unfavorable revenue shift toward our lower margin staffing businesses. Our PeopleScout business contributed the remaining 10 basis points of contraction due to unfavorable changes in client mix. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative expense 500,686 464,322 Percentage of revenue 22.2 21.4 
 Total company SG A expense increased by 36.4 million or 7.8 for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. Employee compensation and other variable costs incurred to support revenue growth of 3.7 , represented approximately 21 million of the increase. SG A expense in the current year included 7.9 million of expense related to investments to upgrade our PeopleReady technology platform to better support our digital strategy, while the prior year included 1.3 million. Also included in the current year were 4.2 million in accelerated costs related to exiting non-critical software contracts . These increases were partially offset by the reversal of 3.3 million in accrued compensation costs related to the resignation of our former Chief Executive Officer. In the prior year, SG A expense included benefits of 3.9 million for Canadian subsidies we received related to COVID-19 relief and a realized gain of 2.9 million related to the final conversion of available-for-sale investments to company-owned life insurance policies to fund our deferred compensation plan. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Depreciation and amortization 29,273 27,556 Percentage of revenue 1.3 1.3 
 Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to certain assets placed into service during fiscal 2022 and 2021, partially offset by other assets becoming fully amortized during those years. 
 
 Income taxes 
 The income tax expense and the effective income tax rate were as follows: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Income tax expense 11,143 12,216 Effective income tax rate 15.2 16.5 
 Our tax provision and our effective tax rate are subject to variation due to several factors, including variability in accurately predicting our pre-tax and taxable income and loss by jurisdiction, tax credits, government audit developments, changes in laws, regulations and administrative practices, and relative changes of expenses or losses for which tax benefits are not recognized. Additionally, our effective tax rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income. For 
 
 Page - 25 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

example, the impact of tax credits and non-deductible expenses on our effective tax rate is greater when our pre-tax income is lower. 
 The items creating differences between income taxes computed at the statutory federal income tax rate and income taxes reported on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) are as follows: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Income tax expense based on statutory rate 15,417 21.0 15,508 21.0 Increase (decrease) resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal benefit 3,008 4.1 3,548 4.8 Hiring tax credits, net (7,911) (10.8) (7,582) (10.3) CARES Act (1) (468) (0.6) Uncertain tax positions (1,336) (1.8) (391) (0.5) Non-deductible and non-taxable items 1,377 1.9 589 0.8 Foreign taxes 654 0.9 211 0.3 Other, net (66) (0.1) 801 1.0 Total tax expense 11,143 15.2 12,216 16.5 
 (1) The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act") enacted in the U.S. on March 27, 2020. 
 Our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 was 15.2 compared to 16.5 for the prior year. The lower effective tax rate in the current year was primarily due to changes in uncertain tax positions. Other differences between the statutory federal income tax rate of 21.0 and our effective tax rate include benefits of hiring tax credits, partially offset by state and foreign income taxes, and certain non-deductible market losses related to company-owned life insurance policies. 
 See Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 12: Income Taxes , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information. 
 
 Segment performance 
 We evaluate performance based on segment revenue and segment profit. Segment profit includes revenue, related cost of services, and ongoing operating expenses directly attributable to the reportable segment. Segment profit excludes goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, depreciation and amortization expense, unallocated corporate general and administrative expense, interest expense, other income and expense, income taxes, and other adjustments not considered to be ongoing. See Note 14: Segment Information , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional details on our reportable segments, as well as a reconciliation of segment profit to income (loss) before tax expense (benefit). 
 Segment profit should not be considered a measure of financial performance in isolation or as an alternative to net income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 PeopleReady segment performance was as follows: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Revenue from services 1,272,852 1,270,928 Segment profit 87,743 82,398 Percentage of revenue 6.9 6.5 
 PeopleReady segment profit grew 6.5 or 5.3 million and improved as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. PeopleReady segment profit benefited from higher client bill rates, which have increased ahead of associate pay rates, lower workers compensation costs from a combination of favorable development on prior year reserves and fewer workplace injuries, partially offset by investments we made to attract and retain employees. 
 
 Page - 26 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

PeopleScout segment performance was as follows: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Revenue from services 317,518 262,953 Segment profit 44,771 36,163 Percentage of revenue 14.1 13.8 
 PeopleScout segment profit grew 23.8 or 8.6 million and improved as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. Historically high client employee turnover rates at existing clients during the first half of the year drove higher volumes and operating leverage due to improved recruiter utilization, but was offset by operational deleveraging as volumes and revenue declined towards the end of the year. 
 PeopleManagement segment performance was as follows: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Revenue from services 663,814 639,741 Segment profit 15,811 13,196 Percentage of revenue 2.4 2.1 
 PeopleManagement segment profit grew 19.8 or 2.6 million and improved as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, compared to the prior year. Segment profit growth was due to favorable business mix towards commercial driving services, favorable client mix within our On-Site operating segment toward our higher margin, productivity-based (cost-per-unit) pricing option, and lower recruiting and candidate marketing costs as the labor market improved. 
 FISCAL 2021 AS COMPARED TO FISCAL 2020 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , found in Part II of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021 for discussion of fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Page - 27 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

FUTURE OUTLOOK 
 The following highlights represent our operating outlook. These expectations are subject to revision as our business changes with the overall economy. 
 Operating outlook 
 We expect revenue for the fiscal first quarter of 2023 to decline between 18 and 13 as compared to the same period in the prior year, due to the continuation of lower demand for our services as we experienced during the last half of fiscal 2022. Higher revenue in the first quarter of 2022 within our PeopleReady segment was driven by a high volume of retail project work and above average results in our existing client base as businesses found themselves in desperate need of labor during the peak of the post-COVID recovery. The absence of this demand surge during the fiscal first quarter of 2023 is expected to account for approximately 7 of the total company revenue decline compared to the prior year. 
 We anticipate gross margin expansion to be between 70 and 110 basis points for the fiscal first quarter of 2023, compared to the same period in prior year, driven by lower workers compensation costs and continued favorable spreads between client bill rates and associate pay rates within our contingent staffing businesses. We anticipate gross margin to hold relatively steady for fiscal 2023, between a contraction of 30 and an expansion of 30 basis points. 
 For the fiscal first quarter of 2023, we anticipate SG A expense to be between 120 million and 124 million. For fiscal 2023, we anticipate SG A expense to be between 499 million and 505 million. We will continue to make investments in sales resources and innovative technology to drive profitable revenue growth. 
 We expect basic weighted average shares outstanding to be approximately 33 million for the fiscal first quarter of 2023. This expectation does not include the impact of potential share repurchases. 
 We expect our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 to be between 10 and 14 . 
 Fiscal 2023 will include a 53rd week, which we expect will add between 22 million and 27 million in revenue, but is not expected to contribute significant net income due to it falling during a low point between the Christmas and New Year holidays. 
 Liquidity outlook 
 Capital expenditures and spending for software as a service assets for the fiscal first quarter of 2023 are expected to be approximately 11 million, and between 36 million and 40 million for fiscal 2023. We remain committed to technological innovation to transform our business for a digital future. We continue to make investments in online and mobile apps to improve access to associates and candidates, as well as improve the speed and ease of connecting them with our clients. We expect these investments will increase the competitive differentiation of our services over the long term and improve the efficiency of our service delivery. Examples include PeopleReady s JobStack mobile app and PeopleScout s Affinix TM talent acquisition technology. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We believe we have a strong financial position and sufficient sources of funding to meet our short and long term obligations. As of December 25, 2022, we had 72.1 million in cash and cash equivalents. We also had 292.8 million available under our 300 million Revolving Credit Facility, as 7.2 million was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit. We have an option to increase the total line of credit amount from 300 million to 450 million, subject to bank approval. 
 Cash generated through our core operations is our primary source of liquidity. Our principal ongoing cash needs are to finance working capital, fund capital expenditures, repay outstanding Revolving Credit Facility balances, and execute share repurchases. We manage working capital through timely collection of accounts receivable, which we achieve through focused collection efforts and tightly monitoring trends in days sales outstanding. While client payment terms are generally 90 days or less, we pay our associates weekly, so additional financing through the use of our Revolving Credit Facility is sometimes necessary to support revenue growth. We also manage working capital through efficient cost management and strategically timing payments of accounts payable. 
 
 Page - 28 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

We continue to make investments in online and mobile apps to increase the competitive differentiation of our services over the long term and improve the efficiency of our service delivery model. In addition, we continue to transition our back-office technology from on-premise software platforms to cloud-based software solutions, to increase automation and the efficiency of running our business. 
 Outside of ongoing cash needed to support core operations, our insurance carriers and certain state workers compensation programs require us to collateralize a portion of our workers compensation obligation, for which they become responsible should we become insolvent. On a regular basis, these entities assess the amount of collateral they will require from us relative to our workers compensation obligation. Such amounts can increase or decrease independent of our assessments and reserves. We continue to have risk that these collateral requirements may be increased by our insurers due to our loss history and market dynamics. We generally anticipate that our collateral commitments will continue to grow as we grow our business. We pay our premiums and deposit our collateral in installments. The collateral typically takes the form of cash and cash-backed instruments, highly rated investment grade securities, letters of credit, and surety bonds. Restricted cash and investments supporting our self-insured workers compensation obligation are held in a trust at the Bank of New York Mellon Trust ), and are used to pay workers compensation claims as they are filed. See Note 6: Workers' Compensation Insurance and Reserves , and Note 3: Restricted Cash and Investments , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for details on our workers compensation program as well as the restricted cash and investments held in Trust. 
 We have established investment policy directives for the Trust with the first priority to preserve capital, second to ensure sufficient liquidity to pay workers compensation claims, third to diversify the investment portfolio and fourth to maximize after-tax returns. Trust investments must meet minimum acceptable quality standards. The primary investments include U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency debentures, U.S. agency mortgages, corporate securities and municipal securities. For those investments rated by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations the minimum ratings at time of purchase are: 
 S P Moody s Fitch Short-term rating A-1/SP-1 P-1/MIG-1 F-1 Long-term rating A A2 A 
 Total collateral commitments decreased 3.1 million during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 primarily due to lower collateral requirements from our insurance carriers and the use of collateral to satisfy workers compensation claims. See Note 8: Commitments and Contingencies , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional details on our workers compensation commitments. We continue to actively manage workers compensation cost by focusing on improving our associates safety programs, and actively control costs with our network of service providers. These actions have had a positive impact creating favorable adjustments to workers compensation liabilities recorded in the prior periods. Continued favorable adjustments to our prior year workers compensation liabilities are dependent on our ability to continue to aggressively lower accident rates and costs of our claims. We expect diminishing favorable adjustments to our workers compensation liabilities as the opportunity for significant reduction to the frequency and severity of accident rates diminishes. 
 Restricted cash and investments also includes collateral to support our non-qualified deferred compensation plan in the form of company-owned life insurance policies. Our non-qualified deferred compensation plan is managed by a third-party service provider, and the investments backing the company-owned life insurance policies align with the amount and timing of payments based on employee elections. 
 A summary of our cash flows for each period are as follows: 
 Fifty-two weeks ended 
 (in thousands) Dec 25, 2022 Dec 26, 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 120,503 20,440 Net cash used in investing activities (20,945) (16,220) Net cash used in financing activities (64,692) (19,126) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2,420) (521) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 32,446 (15,427) 

Page - 29 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Cash flows from operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities consists of net income adjusted for non-cash benefits and expenses, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 As client demand for our services declines, as was the case during the second half of fiscal 2022 as economic uncertainty rose, the result is a deleveraging of accounts receivable and accounts payable. Accrued wages and benefits can fluctuate based on whether the period end requires the accrual of one or two weeks of payroll, the amount and timing of bonus payments, and timing of payroll tax payments. 
 Net cash provided by accounts receivable collections through deleveraging during fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 was the primary driver in the increase in net cash provided by operating activities. This was partially offset by net cash used for payments on accounts payable and accrued expenses, as well as net cash used for payments of accrued wages and benefits primarily due to the timing and amount of annual bonus payments to employees and COVID-19 government assistance. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021, higher revenue during the peak of the post-COVID recovery, as well as an increase in our days sales outstanding of 3.6 days compared to the prior year-end, resulted in net cash used by accounts receivable. During the same period, net cash was used to repay deferred employer payroll taxes as allowed by the CARES Act. 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Investing cash flows consist of capital expenditures and purchases, sales and maturities of restricted investments, which are managed in line with our workers compensation collateral funding requirements and timing of claim payments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021, as the prior year included a net cash inflow of 4.1 million related to the final conversion of available-for-sale investments to company-owned life insurance policies to fund our deferred compensation plan. 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Financing cash flows consist primarily of repurchases of common stock as part of our publicly announced share repurchase program, amounts to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock, the net change in our Revolving Credit Facility, and proceeds from the sale of common stock through our employee stock purchase plans. 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 was primarily due to the repurchase of 60.9 million of our common stock in the open market. During the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021, we repurchased 16.7 million of our common stock in the open market. As of December 25, 2022, 89.0 million remains available for repurchase under existing authorizations. 
 FISCAL 2021 AS COMPARED TO FISCAL 2020 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , found in Part II of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021 for discussion of fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to understand and evaluate our reported financial results, and they require management s most subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Such estimates and assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainties, which may result in actual future amounts differing from reported estimated amounts. 
 
 Page - 30 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Workers compensation reserve 
 We maintain reserves for workers compensation claims, including the estimated expenses related to claims above our self-insured limits excess claims ), using actuarial estimates of the future cost of claims and related expenses. These estimates include claims that have been reported but not settled and claims that have been incurred but not reported. These reserves, which reflect potential liabilities to be paid in future periods based on estimated payment patterns, are discounted to estimated net present value using discount rates based on average returns of risk-free U.S. Treasury instruments available during the year in which the liability was incurred, which are evaluated on a quarterly basis. We evaluate the reserves regularly throughout the year and make adjustments accordingly. If the actual cost of such claims and related expenses exceed the amount estimated, additional reserves may be required. Changes in reserve estimates are reflected in cost of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in the period when the changes in estimates are made. 
 Our workers compensation reserves include estimated expenses related to excess claims and a corresponding receivable for the insurance coverage on excess claims based on the contractual policy agreements we have with insurance companies. We discount this reserve and corresponding receivable to its estimated net present value using the discount rates based on average returns on risk-free U.S. Treasury instruments available during the year in which the liability was incurred. When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against the insurance receivable to reflect amounts that may not be realized. 
 There are two main factors that impact workers compensation cost: the number of claims and the cost per claim. The number of claims is driven by the volume of hours worked, the business mix, which reflects the type of work performed, and the safety of the environment where the work is performed. The cost per claim is driven primarily by the severity of the injury, the state in which the injury occurs, related medical costs, and lost-time wage costs. For fiscal 2022 claims, a 5 change in one or more of the above factors would result in a change to workers compensation cost of approximately 2 million. Our reserve balances have been positively impacted primarily by the success of our accident prevention programs. In the event that we are not able to further reduce our accident rates, the positive impacts to our reserve balance will diminish. 
 Management evaluates the adequacy of the workers compensation reserves in conjunction with an independent quarterly actuarial assessment. Factors considered in establishing and adjusting these reserves include, among other things: 
 changes in medical and time loss indemnity costs; 
 changes in mix between medical only and indemnity claims; 
 regulatory and legislative developments impacting benefits and settlement requirements; 
 type and location of work performed; 
 impact of safety initiatives; and 
 positive or adverse development of claims. 
 Accounts receivable allowance for credit losses 
 We establish an estimate for the allowance for credit losses resulting from the failure of our clients to make required payments by applying an aging schedule to pools of assets with similar risk characteristics. Based on an analysis of the risk characteristics of our clients and associated receivables, we have concluded our pools are as follows: 
 PeopleReady and Centerline Drivers Centerline have a large, diverse set of clients, generally with frequent, low dollar invoices due to the daily nature of the work we perform. This results in high turnover in accounts receivable. 
 PeopleManagement On-Site has a smaller number of clients and follows a contractual billing schedule. The invoice amounts are higher than that of PeopleReady and Centerline, with longer payment terms. 
 PeopleScout has a smaller number of clients, and generally sends invoices on a consolidated basis for a client. Invoice amounts are generally higher for PeopleScout than for PeopleManagement On-Site, with similar payment terms. 
 When specific clients are identified as no longer sharing the same risk profile as their current pool, they are removed from the pool and evaluated separately. The credit loss rates applied to each aging category by pool are based on current collection efforts, historical collection trends, write-off experience, client credit risk, current economic data and forecasted information. The allowance for credit loss is reviewed and represents our best estimate of the amount of expected credit losses. Past due or delinquent balances are identified based upon a review of aged receivables performed by collections and operations. Past due balances are written off when it is probable the receivable will not be collected. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded in SG A expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Page - 31 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Business combinations 
 We account for our business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We determine the estimated fair values after review and consideration of relevant information including discounted cash flows, quoted market prices and estimates made by management. Determining the fair value of an acquired company is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The significant judgments include estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on forecasts; estimation of the long-term rate of growth; estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur; and determination of a weighted average cost of capital, which is risk-adjusted to reflect the specific risk profile of the business being purchased. Intangible assets that arise from contractual/legal rights, or are capable of being separated, are measured and recorded at fair value and amortized over the estimated useful life. If practicable, assets acquired and liabilities assumed arising from contingencies are measured and recorded at fair value. If not practicable, such assets and liabilities are measured and recorded when it is probable that a gain or loss has occurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The residual balance of the purchase price, after fair value allocations to all identified assets and liabilities, represents goodwill. 
 Goodwill acquired in business combinations is assigned to the reporting unit(s) expected to benefit from the combination as of the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Our acquisitions may include contingent consideration, which require us to recognize the fair value of the estimated liability at the time of the acquisition. Subsequent changes in the estimate of the amount to be paid under the contingent consideration arrangement are recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Cash payments for contingent or deferred consideration are classified within cash flows from investing activities for the purchase price fair value of the contingent consideration while amounts paid in excess are classified within cash flows from operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter, or whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in general economic conditions, deterioration in industry environment, changes in cost factors, declining operating performance indicators, legal factors, competition, client engagement, changes in the carrying amount of net assets, sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit, or a sustained decrease in share price. We monitor the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. 
 Goodwill 
 We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. We consider our operating segments to be our reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. Our operating segments with remaining goodwill are PeopleReady, PeopleManagement Centerline, PeopleScout RPO and PeopleScout MSP. 
 When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and overall company financial performance. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is unnecessary. 
 The quantitative impairment test, if necessary, involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value reflects the price a market participant would be willing to pay in a potential sale of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value of the goodwill. We consider a reporting unit s fair value to be substantially in excess of its carrying value at a 20 premium or greater. 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit when performing a quantitative impairment test involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions to evaluate the impact of operational and macroeconomic changes on each reporting unit. We estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a weighted average of the income and market valuation approaches. The income approach applies a fair value methodology to each reporting unit based on discounted cash flows. This analysis requires significant estimates and judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital, which is risk-adjusted to reflect the specific risk profile of the reporting unit being tested. We also apply a market approach, which compares TrueBlue, Inc. to comparable publicly traded companies 
 
 Page - 32 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

and develops a correlation, referred to as a multiple, to apply to the operating results of the reporting units. The primary market multiples to which we compare are revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. 
 We base fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. We confirm the reasonableness of the valuation conclusions by comparing the indicated values of all the reporting units to the overall company value indicated by the stock price and outstanding shares as of the valuation date, or market capitalization. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter of 2022. Based on our assessment of qualitative factors, we concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and the goodwill associated with each reporting unit was not impaired. As such, it was not necessary to perform a quantitative impairment analysis. Additionally, we did not identify any events or conditions that make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred during the period from March 28, 2022 to December 25, 2022. Accordingly, no impairment loss was recognized during fiscal 2022. 
 There was no goodwill impairment charge recorded during fiscal 2021. During fiscal 2020, we recorded an impairment charge of 140.5 million with respect to our PeopleScout RPO, PeopleScout MSP and PeopleManagement On-Site reporting units. See Note 5: Goodwill and Intangible Assets , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional details on the 2020 goodwill impairments. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 We have indefinite-lived intangible assets related to our Staff Management and PeopleScout trade names. We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter, or whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. These events or circumstances could include significant change in general economic conditions, deterioration in industry environment, changes in cost factors, declining operating performance indicators, legal factors, competition, client engagement, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business. We monitor the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. 
 When evaluating indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and overall company financial performance. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is unnecessary. 
 The quantitative impairment test, if necessary, utilizes the relief from royalty method to determine the fair value of each of our trade names. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. Management uses considerable judgment to determine key assumptions, including projected revenue, royalty rates and appropriate discount rates. 
 We performed our annual impairment test as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter of 2022. Based on our assessment of qualitative factors, we concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their carrying value and were not impaired. As such, it was not necessary to perform a quantitative impairment analysis. Additionally, we did not identify any events or conditions that make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred during the period from March 28, 2022 to December 25, 2022. Accordingly, no impairment loss was recognized during fiscal 2022. 
 No impairment charge was recorded during fiscal 2021 or 2020. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets 
 We review intangible assets that have finite useful lives and other long-lived assets whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Important factors that could result in an impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance relative to historical or planned operating results, or significant changes in business strategies. We estimate the recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. An impairment charge is recognized when the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset (if any) are less than the carrying value of the asset. When an impairment charge is recognized, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or other valuation techniques. 
 
 Page - 33 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

No impairment charge was recorded during fiscal 2022 or 2021. During fiscal 2020, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge for our PeopleScout RPO and PeopleManagement On-Site client relationship intangible assets of 34.7 million. See Note 5: Goodwill and Intangible Assets , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional details on the 2020 intangible asset impairments. 
 Estimated contingent legal and regulatory liabilities 
 We are subject to compliance audits by federal, state, local and foreign authorities relating to a variety of regulations including wage and hour laws, taxes, workers compensation, immigration, and safety. We are also subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our operations. We have established reserves for contingent legal and regulatory liabilities. We record a liability when management determines that it is probable that a legal claim will result in an adverse outcome and the amount of liability can be reasonably estimated. To the extent that an insurance company or other third-party is legally obligated to reimburse us for a liability, we record a receivable for the amount of the probable reimbursement. We evaluate our estimated liability regularly throughout the year and make adjustments as needed. If the actual outcome of these matters is different than expected, an adjustment is charged or credited to expense in the period the outcome occurs or the period in which the estimate changes. 
 Income taxes and related valuation allowances 
 We account for income taxes by recording taxes payable or receivable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. These expected future tax consequences are measured based on provisions of tax law as currently enacted; the effects of future changes in tax laws are not anticipated. We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent we believe it is more likely than not the asset will be realized. We consider available positive and negative evidence when making such determination, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, carryback potential if permitted, and results of recent operations. When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Based on our deferred tax asset realizability analysis, we have determined that a valuation allowance is appropriate for certain tax credits and net operating losses NOLs that we expect will not be utilized within the permitted carryforward periods as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021. See Note 12: Income Taxes , to our consolidated financial statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for details on our current valuation allowance. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, each of which could adversely affect the value of our investments. We do not currently use derivative financial instruments. 
 Interest rate risks 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and our revolving credit facility. The interest on our revolving credit agreement is based on the U.S. Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or, at our option, the higher of the prime rate (as announced by Bank of America) or the federal funds rate. 
 The publication of the LIBOR reference rate was to be discontinued beginning on or around the end of 2021. However, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, in its capacity as administrator of LIBOR, has announced that it intends to extend publication of LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month tenors) through June 2023. TrueBlue and its lenders have committed to identify and implement a LIBOR successor reference rate ahead of the LIBOR discontinuation date. 
 
 Page - 34 

Table of Contents 

Trust assets 
 Restricted cash and investments consist principally of collateral that has been provided or pledged to insurance carriers for workers compensation and state workers compensation programs. Our insurance carriers and certain state workers compensation programs require us to collateralize a portion of the workers compensation obligation. The collateral typically takes the form of cash and cash equivalents and highly rated investment grade securities, primarily in municipal debt securities, corporate debt securities and agency mortgage-backed securities. The majority of our collateral obligations are held in a trust Trust at the Bank of New York Mellon. The individual investments within the Trust are subject to credit risk due to possible rating changes, default or impairment. We monitor the portfolio to ensure this risk does not exceed prudent levels. We consistently apply and adhere to our investment policy of holding high-quality, diversified securities. We have the positive intent and ability to hold these investments until maturity and accordingly have classified them as held-to-maturity. For additional information, see Note 3: Restricted Cash and Investments, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 The majority of our revenue, expense, liabilities and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, because a portion of our operations consists of activities outside of the United States of America, we have minimal transactions in other currencies, primarily the Canadian and Australian dollars, British pound sterling and Indian rupee. We have not hedged our foreign currency translation risk. We have the ability to hold our foreign currency denominated assets indefinitely and do not expect that a sudden or significant change in foreign exchange rates will have a material impact on future operating results or cash flows. 
 
 Page - 35 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of TrueBlue, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TrueBlue, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 25, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 25, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Workers Compensation Claims Reserves - Refer to Note 1 and Note 6 to the Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company bears the financial responsibility for a significant portion of expected losses under its workers compensation program and records reserves for workers compensation claims based on estimates of the future cost of claims and related expenses, which are discounted to their estimated net present value. The determination of the undiscounted reserve requires significant estimates and assumptions related to the future cost of claims and related expenses for claims that have been reported but not settled, as well as those that have been incurred but not reported. The undiscounted workers compensation reserve was 270.5 million as of December 25, 2022. 
 Given the fact that changes in actuarial assumptions could have a significant impact on the reserve, auditing management judgments regarding the workers compensation reserve, including estimates of the future cost of claims and related expenses, involved a high degree of auditor judgment, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists. 
 
 Page - 36 

Table of Contents 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the workers compensation reserve included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over workers compensation, including those over payments and related expenses, claims data provided to the actuary, and review of actuarial results. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the workers compensation reserve by: 
 Making selections of the underlying claims data that serves as the basis for the actuarial analysis, including claims payments and related expenses, to evaluate whether the inputs to the actuarial estimate were reasonable; and 
 Comparing management s prior-year assumptions of expected future cost of claims and related expenses to actuals incurred during the current year to identify potential bias in the determination of the workers compensation reserve. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates of the undiscounted workers compensation reserve and compared our estimates to the Company s undiscounted workers compensation reserve. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 15, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 
 
 Page - 37 

Table of Contents 

TRUEBLUE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value data) December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable Total current assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash and investments Deferred income taxes, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Workers compensation claims receivable, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued expenses Accrued wages and benefits Income tax payable Current portion of workers compensation claims reserve Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Workers compensation claims reserve, less current portion Long-term deferred compensation liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 Page - 38 

Table of Contents 

TRUEBLUE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue from services Cost of services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense and other income, net Income (loss) before tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

Page - 39 

Table of Contents 

TRUEBLUE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common stock Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total shareholders equity 
 (in thousands) Shares Amount Retained earnings Balances, December 29, 2019 
 ) Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Purchases and retirement of common stock 
 ) ) ) Issuances under equity plans, including tax benefits 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Change in accounting standard cumulative-effect adjustment ) ) Balances, December 27, 2020 
 ) Net income 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Purchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Issuances under equity plans, including tax benefits ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances, December 26, 2021 
 ) Net income 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Purchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Issuances under equity plans, including tax benefits ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances, December 25, 2022 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 Page - 40 

Table of Contents 

TRUEBLUE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge Provision for credit losses Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) Non-cash lease expense Other operating activities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) Income taxes receivable and payable ) ) Operating lease right-of-use asset Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and other accrued expenses ) ) Other accrued wages and benefits ) ) Deferred employer payroll taxes ) Workers compensation claims reserve ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Payments for company-owned life insurance ) ) Proceeds from company-owned life insurance Purchases of restricted available-for-sale investments ) ) Sales of restricted available-for-sale investments Purchases of restricted held-to-maturity investments ) ) ) Maturities of restricted held-to-maturity investments Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Purchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from employee stock purchase plans Common stock repurchases for taxes upon vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Net change in revolving credit facility ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest Income taxes ) Operating lease liabilities Non-cash transactions: Property and equipment purchased but not yet paid Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 Page - 41 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1: 
 
 Page - 42 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Page - 43 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page - 44 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Software - 
 Computers, furniture and equipment - 
 
 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the related non-cancelable lease term or their estimated useful lives. 
 Non-capital expenditures associated with opening new locations are expensed as incurred. 
 When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss, net of proceeds, is reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Repairs and maintenance costs are charged directly to expense as incurred. Major renewals or replacements that substantially extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated. 
 Costs associated with the acquisition or development of software for internal use are capitalized and amortized over the expected useful life of the software, from three to . A subsequent addition, modification or upgrade to internal-use software is capitalized to the extent that it enhances the software s functionality or extends its useful life. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed in the period incurred. 
 , with some as high as years and many containing options to renew. Under the majority of our leases, we have the right to terminate the lease with 90 days notice. 
 Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, net and current and long-term operating lease liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in SG A expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are measured using the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The right-of-use asset also includes any lease payments made on or before the commencement date of the lease, less any lease incentives received. As the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable in our leases, we use our incremental borrowing rates based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rates used are estimated based on what we would be required to pay for a collateralized loan over a similar term. We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component. 
 For leases with an initial non-cancelable lease term of less than one year and no option to purchase, we have elected not to recognize the lease on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and instead recognize rent payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term within SG A expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). In addition, for those leases where the right to cancel the lease is available to both TrueBlue (as the lessee) and the lessor, the lease term is the initial non-cancelable period plus the notice period, which is typically 90 days, and not greater than one year. 
 
 Page - 45 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

premium or greater. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter of 2022. Based on our assessment of qualitative factors, we concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and the goodwill associated with each reporting unit was not impaired. As such, it was not necessary to perform a quantitative impairment analysis. Additionally, we did not identify any events or conditions that make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred during the period from March 28, 2022 to December 25, 2022. Accordingly, no impairment loss was recognized for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 We have indefinite-lived intangible assets related to our Staff Management and PeopleScout trade names. We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter, or whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. These events or circumstances could include significant change in general economic conditions, deterioration in industry environment, changes in cost factors, declining operating performance indicators, legal factors, competition, client engagement, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business. We monitor the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. 
 When evaluating indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and overall company financial performance. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is unnecessary. 
 The quantitative impairment test, if necessary, utilizes the relief from royalty method to determine the fair value of each of our trade names. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. 
 We performed our annual impairment test as of the first day of our fiscal second quarter of 2022. Based on our assessment of qualitative factors, we concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their carrying value and were not impaired. As such, it was not necessary to perform a quantitative impairment analysis. Additionally, we did not identify any events or conditions that make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred during the period from March 28, 2022 to December 25, 2022. Accordingly, no impairment loss was recognized for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. 
 
 Page - 46 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page - 47 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page - 48 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million on our Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). During 2020, U.S., Canadian and Australian government assistance reduced operating expenses by million on our Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Based on the reasonable assurance criteria, we have deferred recognition of certain benefits of million and million as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively until recognition becomes probable, and we have included these amounts in accrued wages and benefits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Page - 49 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million were paid in full on September 15, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 2: 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) Municipal debt securities Corporate debt securities Agency mortgage-backed securities U.S. government and agency securities Restricted investments classified as held-to-maturity (2) 
 
 Page - 50 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) Municipal debt securities Corporate debt securities Agency mortgage-backed securities U.S. government and agency securities Restricted investments classified as held-to-maturity (2) 
 (1) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash include money market funds and deposits. 
 (2) Refer to Note 3: Restricted Cash and Investments for additional details on our held-to-maturity debt securities. 
 Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 We measure the fair value of certain non-financial assets on a non-recurring basis, including goodwill and certain intangible assets. There were no goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2022 or 2021. During the first quarter of 2020, we performed an interim impairment test as of the last day of our first fiscal quarter (March 29, 2020). As a result of the test, goodwill and client relationship intangible assets with a total carrying value of million were written down to their fair value, and an impairment charge of million was recognized on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2020. Refer to Note 5: Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional details on the impairment charge and valuation methodologies. 
 ) Client relationships ) Total ) 
 
 NOTE 3: 
 Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Investments held in Trust Company-owned life insurance policies Other restricted cash and cash equivalents Total restricted cash and investments 
 
 Page - 51 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Corporate debt securities ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Total held-to-maturity investments ) 
 December 26, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Municipal debt securities Corporate debt securities ) Agency mortgage-backed securities U.S. government and agency securities Total held-to-maturity investments ) 
 Due after one year through five years Total held-to-maturity investments 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of certain debt securities have the right to call or prepay their obligations without penalty. We have no significant concentrations of counterparties in our held-to-maturity investment portfolio. 
 Deferred compensation investments and company-owned life insurance policies 
 We hold company-owned life insurance policies to support our deferred compensation liability. Before December 26, 2021, we also held mutual funds and money market funds, which have since been converted into company-owned life insurance policies.) 
 
 Page - 52 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4: 
 Cumulative-effect adjustment (1) Current period provision Write-offs ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (1) As a result of our adoption of the accounting standard for credit losses, we recognized a cumulative-effect adjustment to our accounts receivable allowance of million as of the beginning of the first quarter of 2020. 
 Other prepaid expenses Other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Software Computers, furniture and equipment Construction in progress Gross property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Capitalized software costs, net of accumulated depreciation, were million and million as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively, excluding amounts in construction in progress. Construction in progress consists primarily of purchased and internally-developed software. 
 Depreciation expense of property and equipment totaled million, million and million for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Page - 53 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5: 
 Accumulated impairment charge ) ) ) ) Goodwill, net Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 26, 2021 Goodwill before impairment Accumulated impairment charge ) ) ) ) Goodwill, net Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 25, 2022 Goodwill before impairment Accumulated impairment charge ) ) ) ) Goodwill, net 
 Intangible assets 
 Finite-lived intangible assets 
 ) ) Trade names/trademarks ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) ) 
 (1) Excludes assets that are fully amortized. 
 Amortization expense of our finite-lived intangible assets was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Page - 54 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future amortization 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 We also held indefinite-lived trade names/trademarks of million as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021. 
 Impairments 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes on each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of a discounted cash flow methodology and the market valuation approach using publicly traded company multiples in similar businesses. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internally developed forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows would occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital, which is risk-adjusted to reflect the specific risk profile of the reporting unit being tested. 
 There were no goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2022 or 2021. 
 2020 impairments 
 Goodwill 
 During the fiscal year ended December 27, 2020, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of million, which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). The goodwill carrying value of million for our PeopleManagement On-Site reporting unit was fully impaired. The goodwill impairment charge for PeopleScout RPO and PeopleScout MSP was million and million, respectively. The charge was primarily the result of expected continued weakness in pricing and demand for our staffing services in a volatile economic climate, which resulted in a decline in our stock price. The decline in stock price pushed our market capitalization significantly below the recorded value of our consolidated net assets. This was further impacted by COVID-19, which created a significant drop in client demand. The weighted average cost of capital used ranged from to . The combined fair values for all reporting units were then reconciled to our aggregate market value of our shares of common stock on the date of valuation, while considering a reasonable control premium. The remaining goodwill balances for PeopleScout RPO and PeopleScout MSP were million and million , respectively, as of December 27, 2020. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets 
 During the fiscal year ended December 27, 2020, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge for our PeopleScout RPO and PeopleManagement On-Site client relationship intangible assets of million, which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . The charge was primarily due to the decrease in demand for our services associated with government and societal actions taken to address the impact of COVID-19, which resulted in lower future expectations. The impairment charge for PeopleScout RPO and PeopleManagement On-Site client relationship intangible assets was million and million, respectively. The remaining client relationship intangible asset balances related to assets impaired for PeopleScout RPO and PeopleManagement On-Site were million and million, respectively, as of December 27, 2020. Considerable management judgment was necessary to determine key assumptions, including projected revenue of acquired clients and an appropriate discount rate of . 
 
 Page - 55 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6: 
 million to million, on a per occurrence basis. This results in our being substantially self-insured. 
 Our workers compensation reserve for claims below the deductible limit is discounted to its estimated net present value using discount rates based on average returns of risk-free U.S. Treasury instruments available during the year in which the liability was incurred. The weighted average discount rate was and at December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. Payments made against self-insured claims are made over a weighted average period of approximately years as of December 25, 2022. 
 Less discount on workers compensation reserve Workers compensation reserve, net of discount Less current portion Long-term portion 
 Payments made against self-insured claims were million, million and million for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020, respectively. 
 Our workers compensation reserve includes estimated expenses related to claims above our self-insured limits excess claims ), and we record a corresponding receivable for the insurance coverage on excess claims based on the contractual policy agreements we have with insurance carriers. We discount this reserve and corresponding receivable to its estimated net present value using the discount rates based on average returns of risk-free U.S. Treasury instruments available during the year in which the liability was incurred. The rates used to discount excess claims incurred during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 were and , respectively. The claim payments are made and the corresponding reimbursements from our insurance carriers are received over an estimated weighted average period of approximately years. The discounted workers compensation reserve for excess claims were million and million, as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. The discounted receivables from insurance companies, net of valuation allowance, were million and million as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Sub-total Excess claims (1) Total 
 (1) Estimated expenses related to claims above our self-insured limits for which we have a corresponding receivable for the insurance coverage based on contractual policy agreements. 
 
 Page - 56 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million was recorded in cost of services on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 7: 
 million, and currently set to mature on March 16, 2025 Revolving Credit Facility ). We have an option to increase the amount to million, subject to lender approval. Included in the Revolving Credit Facility is a million sub-limit for Swingline loans and a million sub-limit for letters of credit. At December 25, 2022, million was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit, leaving million unused under the Revolving Credit Facility. At December 26, 2021, million was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit. 
 Under the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility, we pay a variable rate of interest on funds borrowed under the revolving line of credit in excess of the Swingline loans, based on the U.S. Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus an applicable spread between and . Alternatively, at our option, we may pay interest based on a base rate plus an applicable spread between and . The base rate is the greater of the prime rate (as announced by Bank of America), or the federal funds rate plus . The applicable spread is determined by the consolidated leverage ratio, as defined under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Under the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to pay a variable rate of interest on funds borrowed under the Swingline loan based on the base rate plus applicable spread between and , as described above. 
 A commitment fee between and is applied against the Revolving Credit Facility s unused borrowing capacity, with the specific rate determined by the consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the second amendment to our credit agreement. Letters of credit are priced at a margin between and , plus a fronting fee of . 
 Obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by TrueBlue and material U.S. domestic subsidiaries, and are secured by substantially all of the assets of TrueBlue and material U.S. domestic subsidiaries. The second amendment to our credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, financial covenants. 
 The following financial covenants, as defined in the second amendment to our credit agreement, were in effect as of December 25, 2022: 
 Consolidated leverage ratio less than , defined as our funded indebtedness divided by trailing twelve months consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the second amendment to our credit agreement. As of December 25, 2022, our consolidated leverage ratio was . 
 Consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio greater than , defined as the trailing twelve months bank-adjusted cash flow divided by cash interest expense. As of December 25, 2022, our consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio was . 
 As of December 25, 2022, and throughout fiscal 2022, we were in compliance with all effective covenants related to the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Page - 57 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8: 
 Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Investments held in Trust Letters of credit (1) Surety bonds (2) Total collateral commitments 
 (1) We have agreements with certain financial institutions to issue letters of credit as collateral. 
 (2) Our surety bonds are issued by independent insurance companies on our behalf and bear annual fees based on a percentage of the bond, which are determined by each independent surety carrier. These fees do not exceed of the bond amount, subject to a minimum charge. The terms of these bonds are subject to review and renewal every one to and most bonds can be canceled by the sureties with as little as 60 days notice. 
 Operating leases 
 
 We have contractual commitments in the form of operating leases related to office space, vehicles and equipment. Our leases have remaining terms of up to years. Most leases include one or more options to renew, which can extend the lease term up to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. Typically, at the commencement of a lease, we are not reasonably certain we will exercise renewal options, and accordingly they are not considered in determining the initial lease term. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. We rent or sublease real estate to third parties in limited circumstances. 
 
 Short-term lease costs Other lease costs, net (1) 
 Total lease costs 
 
 (1) Other lease costs include variable lease costs, net of sublease income. 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

Page - 58 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total undiscounted future non-cancelable minimum lease payments (1) 
 Less: Imputed interest (2) 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Operating lease payments exclude approximately million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 (2) Amount necessary to reduce net minimum lease payments to present value calculated using our incremental borrowing rates, which are consistent with the lease terms at adoption date (for those leases in existence as of the adoption date of the new lease standard) or lease inception (for those leases entered into after the adoption date). 
 Purchase obligations 
 Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods and services in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. Purchase obligations do not include agreements that are cancellable without significant penalty. We had million of purchase obligations as of December 25, 2022, of which million are expected to be paid in 2023, million in 2024, and the remaining million in 2025. 
 Legal contingencies and developments 
 We are involved in various proceedings arising in the normal course of conducting business. We believe the liabilities included in our financial statements reflect the probable loss that can be reasonably estimated and are immaterial. We also believe that the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses for the Company's exposure in excess of the amount accrued is expected to be immaterial to the Company. It remains possible that despite our current belief, material differences in actual outcomes or changes in management's evaluation or predictions could arise that could have a material effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 NOTE 9: 
 million and million shares as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. 
 On October 16, 2019, our Board authorized a million addition to our share repurchase program for our outstanding common stock 2019 authorization ). On January 31, 2022, our Board authorized a million addition to our share repurchase program for our outstanding common stock 2022 authorization ). The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock and does not have an expiration date. We may choose to purchase shares in the open market, from individual holders, through an accelerated share repurchase agreement or otherwise. 
 During fiscal 2021, we repurchased shares using million under the 2019 authorization. During fiscal 2022, we repurchased shares using the remaining million under the 2019 authorization. Under the 2019 authorization, we repurchased and retired a total of million shares of our common stock over three fiscal years, at an average share price of , which excludes commissions. During fiscal 2022, we repurchased shares using million under the 2022 authorization. As of December 25, 2022, million remains available for repurchase of common stock under the 2022 authorization. 
 
 Page - 59 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2021 
 Preferred stock 
 We have authorized million shares of blank check preferred stock. The blank check preferred stock is issuable in one or more series, each with such designations, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as our Board may determine and set forth in supplemental resolutions at the time of issuance, without further shareholder action. The initial series of blank check preferred stock authorized by the Board was designated as Series A Preferred Stock. We had no outstanding shares of preferred stock in any of the years presented. 
 
 NOTE 10: 
 million shares available for issuance. Effective May 9, 2018, an additional million shares were authorized under the Incentive Plan. 
 Stock-based awards 
 
 Under the Incentive Plan, stock-based awards are granted to the Board, executive officers and key employees. Stock-based awards granted to executive officers and key employees generally vest annually over three or . Restricted stock units granted to members of our Board vest in the fourth quarter of the same fiscal year in which the shares are granted. Receipt of the vested shares may be deferred until after a director leaves the Board. Compensation expense related to these grants is calculated based on the grant-date fair value. We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, net of forfeitures. 
 Performance share units are only granted to certain executive officers. Vesting of performance share units is contingent upon the achievement of return on equity, profitability, or individual performance goals at the end of each performance period, which is generally three years. Each performance share unit is equivalent to share of common stock. Compensation expense for these grants is calculated based on the grant-date market value of our stock and is recognized ratably over the performance period only for the performance share units expected to vest. Our estimate of the performance units expected to vest is reviewed and adjusted as appropriate each quarter. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at the end of the period 
 
 Page - 60 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of December 25, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was approximately million, which is estimated to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years. The total fair value of stock-based awards that vested during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our ESPP reserved million shares of common stock for purchase. The plan allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their earnings toward the monthly purchase of the company s common stock. The employee s purchase price is of the lesser of the company s common stock price on either the first day or the last day of each calendar month. We consider our ESPP to be a component of stock-based compensation and accordingly we recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period for stock purchases made under the plan. The requisite service period begins on the enrollment date and ends on the purchase date, the duration of which is . 
 Average price per share 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Total stock-based compensation expense for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, which is included in SG A expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), was million, million and million, respectively. The related tax benefit was million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 11: 
 million and million as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively, of which million and million have been included in accrued wages and benefits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The expense for our qualified and non-qualified deferred compensation plans, including our discretionary matching contributions, totaled million, million and million for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is recorded in SG A expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Page - 61 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12: 
 ) State ) Foreign Total current taxes ) Deferred taxes: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) 
 ) Increase (decrease) resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Hiring tax credits, net ) ) ) ) ) CARES Act ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) ) ) ) Non-deductible goodwill impairment charge ) Non-deductible and non-taxable items ) Foreign taxes ) Other, net ) ) ) Total tax expense (benefit) ) 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was . The difference between the statutory federal income tax rate of and our effective income tax rate results primarily from WOTC. Other differences result from state and foreign income tax, certain non-taxable income and non-deductible expenses, changes in uncertain tax positions and tax effects of stock-based compensation. 
 The CARES Act provided certain changes to tax laws, including the ability to carry back current year losses to obtain refunds related to prior year tax returns with a higher federal tax rate of 35 . 
 The non-deductible goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge related to an impairment charge of the carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets of million, recorded in the first quarter of 2020. Of the total impairment loss, million (tax-effect million) related to reporting units from stock acquisitions and accordingly were not deductible for tax purposes. The remaining impairment loss of million (tax-effect million) related to reporting units from asset acquisitions and accordingly were deductible for tax purposes. 
 ) Foreign ) Income (loss) before tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 Page - 62 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Workers compensation Accounts payable and other accrued expenses Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Accrued wages and benefits Deferred compensation Lease liabilities Other Total Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses, deposits and other current assets ) ) Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Workers compensation ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes, net 
 The deferred tax balance is reported net by jurisdiction on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, resulting in a deferred tax liability of million, included in Other long-term liabilities as of December 25, 2022. 
 Based on our deferred tax asset realizability analysis, we have determined that a valuation allowance is appropriate for certain tax credits and net operating losses NOLs that we expect will not be utilized within the permitted carryforward periods as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021. Changes to deferred taxes related to foreign currency translation were immaterial for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2039 State NOLs ) Various California Enterprise Zone credits ) 2023 Foreign alternative minimum tax credits 2032 Total ) 
 Charged to expense ) Release of allowance ) Ending balance 
 
 Page - 63 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Increases for tax positions related to the current year Decreases for tax positions related to prior years ) Reductions due to lapsed statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 As of December 25, 2022, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits was million. If recognized, million would impact our effective tax rate. We do not believe the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within 12 months of the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. In general, the tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business. 
 Interest and penalties accrued related to the unrecognized tax benefits noted above were immaterial as of December 25, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 13: 
 ) Weighted average number of common shares used in basic net income (loss) per common share Dilutive effect of non-vested stock-based awards Weighted average number of common shares used in diluted net income (loss) per common share Net income (loss) per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) Anti-dilutive shares 
 As we reported a loss for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2020, all potentially dilutive securities were antidilutive and accordingly, basic net loss per share and diluted net loss per share were equal. 
 
 NOTE 14: 
 
 Page - 64 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PeopleManagement Human resource outsourcing PeopleScout Total company 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of segment profit to income (loss) before tax expense (benefit): 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Segment profit: PeopleReady PeopleManagement PeopleScout Total segment profit Corporate unallocated ) ) ) Third-party processing fees for hiring tax credits ) ) ) Amortization of software as a service assets ) ) ) Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge ) Gain on deferred compensation assets ) ) PeopleReady technology upgrade costs ) ) COVID-19 government assistance, net Other costs ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense and other income, net Income (loss) before tax expense (benefit) ) 
 Asset information by reportable segment is not presented since we do not manage our segments on a balance sheet basis. 
 Domestic and international revenue 
 International operations Total revenue from services 
 
 Page - 65 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and of our PeopleScout reportable segment revenue for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 One client represented and of our PeopleManagement reportable segment revenue for fiscal 2022 and 2020, respectively. No single client represented 10.0 or more of our PeopleManagement reportable segment revenue for fiscal 2021. 
 Property and equipment located in international operations was approximately and of total property and equipment, net as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Page - 66 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 25, 2022. 
 Report of management on internal control over financial reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of assets; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with management and director authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 25, 2022. Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 There were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 25, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Page - 67 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of TrueBlue, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of TrueBlue, Inc . , and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 25, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 25, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche, LLP 
 
 Seattle, Washington 
 February 15, 2023 
 
 Page - 68 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement Amendment to amend the Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Gafford previously signed on December 31, 2006 Employment Agreement ). Under the Amendment, the Company and Mr. Gafford extended the severance payments and vesting of equity from 12 to 18 months in the event the Company terminates Mr. Gafford s employment without cause or if Mr. Gafford terminates his employment with good reason (as those terms are defined in the Employment Agreement). In addition, the Amendment provides that for any equity award that is scheduled to vest based on attainment of specified performance goals over a performance period, the award will vest and be paid after the end of the applicable performance period based on actual performance results, and will be prorated for the portion of the performance period employed, for which purpose Mr. Gafford will be deemed to have continued employment with the Company for a period of 18 months following the date of termination of employment. All other terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement remained unchanged. The foregoing description of the Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Page - 69 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information regarding our directors and nominees for directorship is presented under the heading Proposal 1. Election of Directors in our definitive proxy statement for use in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, and is incorporated herein by this reference thereto. Information concerning our executive officers is set forth under the heading Executive Officers in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics and certain information related to the company s Audit Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is set forth under the heading Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information regarding the compensation of our directors and executive officers and certain information related to the company s Compensation Committee is set forth under the headings Executive Compensation Tables, Compensation of Directors, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, CEO Pay Ratio, Pay Versus Performance, Compensation Committee Report and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by this reference thereto. 
 
 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is set forth under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by this reference thereto. 
 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is presented under the heading Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by this reference thereto. 
 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information concerning principal accounting fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), is presented under the heading Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accountant for Fiscal Years 2021 and 2022 in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by this reference thereto. 
 
 Page - 70 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 a) The following documents are filed as a part of this 10-K: 
 1. Financial statements 
 Financial statements can be found under Item 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial statement schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because the required information is presented in the financial statements or notes thereto, the amounts involved are not significant or the schedules are not applicable. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits are listed in the Index to Exhibits, which can be found on the following page. 
 
 Page - 71 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by reference Exhibit number Exhibit description Filed herewith Form File no. Date of first filing 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 
 8-K 001-14543 05/12/2016 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 10-Q 001-14543 10/30/2017 4.1 Description of Securities . 
 X 10.1 Assumption and Novation Agreement among TrueBlue, Inc. and Lumbermen s Mutual Casualty Company, American Motorist Insurance Company, American Protection Insurance Company and American Manufacturers Mutual Insurance Company and National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA, dated December 29, 2004. 
 10-K 001-14543 03/11/2005 10.2 Indemnification Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA dated December 29, 2004. 
 10-K 001-14543 03/11/2005 10.3 Executive Employment Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc and Steven C. Cooper, effective July 8, 2022. 
 8-K/A 001-14543 07/14/2022 10.4 Executive Change in Control Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc and Steven C. Cooper effective July 8, 2022. 
 8-K/A 001-14543 07/14/2022 10.5 Non-Competition Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Steven C. Cooper, effective July 8, 2022. 
 8-K/A 001-14543 07/14/2022 10.6 Employment Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Taryn Owen, effective September 22, 2022. 
 8-K 001-14543 09/27/2022 10.7 Non-Competition Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Taryn Owen, effective September 27, 2022. 
 8-K 001-14543 09/27/2022 10.8 Executive Employment Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, dated December 31, 2006. 
 10-Q 001-14543 05/04/2007 10.9 First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, dated February 13, 2023. 
 X 10.10 Executive Non-Competition Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford . 
 10-Q 001-14543 05/04/2007 10.11 Executive Change in Control Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, Taryn R. Owen, Carl Schweihs, and Garrett Ferencz. 
 10-Q 001-14543 05/04/2007 10.12 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-125206 05/25/2005 10.13 Equity Retainer and Deferred Compensation Plan For Non- Employee Directors, effective January 1, 2010. 
 S-8 333-164614 02/01/2010 10.14 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-8 333-167770 06/25/2010 10.15 TrueBlue, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/22/2012 10.16 Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-190220 07/29/2013 10.17 2016 TrueBlue Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-211737 06/01/2016 10.18 Amended and Restated 2016 TrueBlue Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-238093 05/08/2020 10.19 Credit agreement by and among Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, N.A., Key Bank, HSBC and TrueBlue, Inc. dated as of July 13, 2018. 
 8-K 001-14543 07/16/2018 10.20 Executive Indemnification Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Steven C. Cooper , Derrek L. Gafford, Taryn R. Owen, Carl Schweihs, and Garrett Ferencz. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/24/2020 10.21 Non-Competition Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Carl Schweihs, and Garrett Ferencz. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/24/2020 
 
 Page - 72 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by reference Exhibit number Exhibit description Filed herewith Form File no. Date of first filing 10.22 Executive Employment Agreement, effective June 3, 2019, between TrueBlue, Inc. and Carl Schweihs. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/24/2020 10.23 Restricted Stock Grant Notice between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, Taryn R. Owen, Carl Schweihs, and Garrett Ferencz. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/24/2020 10.24 Performance Share Unit Grant Notice between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, Taryn R. Owen and Carl Schweihs. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/24/2020 10.25 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of March 16, 2020 by and among Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, Key Bank, HSBC and TrueBlue, Inc. 
 8-K 001-14543 03/17/2020 10.26 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 24, 2020 by and among Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, Key Bank, HSBC and TrueBlue, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-14543 07/27/2020 10.27 Executive Employment Agreement between TrueBlue, Inc. and Garrett Ferencz, as amended July 1, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-14543 07/27/2020 10.28 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 28, 2021 by and among Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, Key Bank, HSBC and TrueBlue, Inc. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/22/2021 10.29 Form Restricted Share Unit Award Notice between TrueBlue, Inc. and Steven C. Cooper, Derrek L. Gafford, Taryn R. Owen, Carl Schweihs, and Garrett Ferencz. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/22/2021 10.30 Revised Form Performance Share Unit Award Notice between TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, Taryn R. Owen, Carl Schweihs, and Garrett Ferencz. 
 10-K 001-14543 02/22/2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of TrueBlue, Inc. 
 X 0 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 X 0 31.1 Certification of Steven C. Cooper, Chief Executive Officer of TrueBlue, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 0 31.2 Certification of Derrek L. Gafford, Chief Financial Officer of TrueBlue, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 0 32.1 Certification of Steven C. Cooper, Chief Executive Officer of TrueBlue, Inc. and Derrek L. Gafford, Chief Financial Officer of TrueBlue, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 0 101 The following financial statements from the Company s 10-K, formatted as Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 X 0 104 Cover page interactive data file - The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K is formatted as Inline XBRL X 0 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Copies of Exhibits may be obtained upon request directed to Mr. Garrett Ferencz, TrueBlue, Inc., PO Box 2910, Tacoma, Washington, 98401 and many are available at the SEC s website found at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Page - 73 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 Page - 74 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TrueBlue, Inc. /s/ Steven C. Cooper 2/15/2023 Signature Date By: Steven C. Cooper, Director, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Steven C. Cooper 2/15/2023 /s/ Derrek L. Gafford 2/15/2023 Signature Date Signature Date Steven C. Cooper, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Derrek L. Gafford, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President /s/ Richard B. Christensen 2/15/2023 /s/ Jeffrey B. Sakaguchi 2/15/2023 Signature Date Signature Date Richard B. Christensen, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Senior Vice President Jeffrey B. Sakaguchi, Chairman of the Board /s/ Colleen B. Brown 2/15/2023 /s/ William C. Goings 2/15/2023 Signature Date Signature Date Colleen B. Brown, Director William C. Goings, Director /s/ Kim Harris Jones 2/15/2023 /s/ Robert C. Kreidler 2/15/2023 Signature Date Signature Date Kim Harris Jones, Director Robert C. Kreidler, Director /s/ Sonita F. Lontoh 2/15/2023 /s/ Kristi A. Savacool 2/15/2023 Signature Date Signature Date Sonita F. Lontoh, Director Kristi A. Savacool, Director 
 
 Page - 75 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 tbi10k122522ex41.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 25, 2022, TrueBlue, Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common stock. 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Washington Business Corporation Act, Title 23B of the Revised Code of Washington, for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Shares 
 Our authorized capital shares consist of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, issuable in series, at a par value per share determined by our board of directors at the time of authorization of such series of preferred stock. All issued and outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 Common shareholders are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to them. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Each share of common stock is entitled to participate equally in dividends as and when declared by our board of directors. The payment of dividends on our common stock may be limited by obligations we may have to holders of any preferred stock, as well as under various agreements to which we are a party. 
 Washington Takeover Statute 
 Washington law imposes restrictions on certain transactions between a corporation and certain significant shareholders. Chapter 23B.19 of the WBCA generally prohibits a target corporation from engaging in certain significant business transactions with an acquiring person, which is defined as a person or group of persons that beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting securities of the target corporation, for a period of five years after the date the acquiring person first became a 10 beneficial owner of the voting securities of the target corporation, unless the business transaction or the acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the members of the target corporation s board of directors prior to the time the acquiring person first became a 10 beneficial owner of the target corporation s voting securities. Such prohibited transactions include, among other things 
 a merger or consolidation with, disposition of assets to, or issuance or redemption of stock to or from, the acquiring person 
 termination of 5 or more of the employees of the target corporation as a result of the acquiring person s acquisition of 10 or more of the shares or 
 receipt by the acquiring person of any disproportionate benefit as a shareholder. 
 After the five-year period, a significant business transaction may occur if it complies with fair price provisions specified in the statute. A corporation may not opt out of this statute. We expect the existence of this provision to have an antitakeover effect with respect to transactions that our board of directors does not approve in advance and may discourage takeover attempts that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for common stock held by shareholders or otherwise might benefit shareholders. 

Liquidation Rights 
 If we liquidate or dissolve our business, the holders of common stock will share ratably in the distribution of assets available for distribution to shareholders after creditors are paid and preferred shareholders receive their distributions. 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 The shares of common stock have no preemptive rights and are not convertible, redeemable or assessable or entitled to the benefits of any sinking fund. 
 Listing 
 The common stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol TBI. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 tbi10k122522ex109.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.9 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 WHEREAS, Derrek L. Gafford (the Executive and TrueBlue, Inc., formerly named Labor Ready, Inc. (the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement effective as of December 31, 2006 (the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company would like to amend the Agreement as provided herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 13, 2023, the parties agree that the Agreement is amended as follows 
 
 A. Sections II.A.2(b)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement are amended in their entirety and replaced to read as follows 
 
 (i) separation payments for eighteen (18) months from the termination date at the base monthly salary in effect for Executive on the termination date, with the actual period of receipt of such payments being referred to as the Severance Period, provided, however, that if at the time of the Executive s termination of employment the Executive is considered a specified employee subject to the required six-month delay in benefit payments under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, then the separation payments that would otherwise have been paid within the first six (6) months after the Executive s termination of employment shall instead be paid in a single lump sum on (or within 15 days after) the six-month anniversary of such termination of employment. Payments for the remaining twelve (12) months shall be made monthly after such six-month anniversary and 
 
 (ii) accelerated vesting in any previously awarded stock options, restricted stock and other equity awards, except for awards that are scheduled to vest based on attainment of specified performance goals over a performance period, as if Executive had worked for the Company for eighteen (18) months after Executive s termination date, provided that any options or other equity awards that are not exercised within the time periods for exercise set forth in the applicable plan, sub-plan or grant agreement, shall expire in accordance with the terms of such plan, sub-plan or grant agreement, as this accelerated vesting will not extend or otherwise delay the time period for exercising an option or other equity award and 
 
 A. A new Section II.A.2(b)(iii) is added as follows 
 
 (iii) for any equity award that is scheduled to vest based on attainment of specified performance goals over a performance period, the award shall vest and be paid after the end of the applicable performance period based on actual performance results, and shall be prorated for the portion of the performance period employed, and for that purpose Executive shall be deemed to have continued employment with the Company for a period of eighteen (18) months following the date of Executive s termination of employment. 
 
 A. In all other respects, the Agreement, as well that certain Change in Control Agreement between the Executive and the Company dated December 31, 2006, that certain Indemnification Agreement between the Executive and the Company dated December 31, 2006, and that certain Non-Competition Agreement between the Executive and the Company dated December 31, 2006, shall remain unchanged and are re-affirmed, acknowledged, and agreed to by the Executive and 
 First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement - 1 - 

EXHIBIT 10.9 

 the Company. To the extent additional consideration is necessary for the enforcement of any of the foregoing agreements, the parties hereby affirm the sufficiency of the consideration included in the amendments set forth in Sections A and B above. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPANY 
 
 By s Derrek Gafford By s Garrett Ferencz 
 
 Name Derrek Gafford Name Garrett Ferencz 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 Title February 14, 2023 

First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement - 2 - 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 tbi10k122522ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF TRUEBLUE, INC.

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF TRUEBLUE, INC. 
 CORPORATE NAME Incorporated in 
 state country of 
 Centerline Drivers, LLC Nevada Labor Ready Holdings, Inc. Nevada Labour Ready Temporary Services, Ltd. Canada PeopleReady, Inc. Washington PeopleReady Florida, Inc. Washington PeopleScout, Inc. Delaware PeopleScout MSP, LLC Nevada PeopleScout Pty, Ltd Australia PeopleScout Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore SIMOS Insourcing Solutions, LLC Delaware SMX, LLC Illinois Spartan Staffing Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico Staff Management Solutions, LLC Illinois Staffing Solutions Holdings, Inc. Delaware TBI Outsourcing Canada, Inc. Canada TBI Outsourcing Poland, Sp. z o.o. Poland PeopleScout Limited United Kingdom TrueBlue Enterprises, Inc. Nevada TrueBlue India LLP India TrueBlue Netherlands I, B.V. Netherlands TrueBlue Netherlands II, B.V. Netherlands TrueBlue Services, Inc. Delaware Worker s Assurance of Hawaii, Inc. Hawaii 
 TrueBlue, Inc. has several additional subsidiaries not named above. The unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary at the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 tbi10k122522ex231.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos 333-258182 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos 333-125206, 333-164614, 333-167770, 333-190220, 333-211737 and 333-238093 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 15, 2023, relating to the financial statements of TrueBlue, Inc. and the effectiveness of TrueBlue, Inc s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrueBlue, Inc. for the year ended December 25, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 tbi10k122522ex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Steven C. Cooper, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrueBlue, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 s Steven C. Cooper 
 Steven C. Cooper 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 tbi10k122522ex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Derrek L. Gafford, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrueBlue, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 
 s Derrek L. Gafford 
 Derrek L. Gafford 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 tbi10k122522ex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

We, Steven C. Cooper, the chief executive officer of TrueBlue, Inc. (the company ), and Derrek L. Gafford, the chief financial officer of the company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Annual Report of the company on Form 10-K, for the fiscal period ended December 25, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the company. 
 s Steven C. Cooper 
 s Derrek L. Gafford 
 Steven C. Cooper 
 Derrek L. Gafford 
 Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 February 15, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TrueBlue, Inc. and will be retained by TrueBlue, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tbi-20221225.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tbi-20221225_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tbi-20221225_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tbi-20221225_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tbi-20221225_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

