<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_1509570_0001500217-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19644717</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>557333</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3039031</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6760969</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4501261</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4484729</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001500217-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210152222
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001500217-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Assets Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500217
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35030
		FILM NUMBER:		23611376

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3420 CARMEL MOUNTAIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 350-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3420 CARMEL MOUNTAIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Assets Trust, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509570
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				273338894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202342-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23611377

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11455 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 350-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11455 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001500217-23-000010.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 aat-20221231.htm
 10-K

aat-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (American Assets Trust, Inc.) (American Assets Trust, Inc.) (American Assets Trust, L.P.) (American Assets Trust, L.P.) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Registrant Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name Of Each Exchange On Which Registered American Assets Trust, Inc. American Assets Trust, L.P. None None None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: American Assets Trust, Inc. None American Assets Trust, L.P. None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. No American Assets Trust, L.P. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. American Assets Trust, Inc. Yes American Assets Trust, L.P. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. American Assets Trust, Inc. No American Assets Trust, L.P. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). American Assets Trust, Inc. No American Assets Trust, L.P. No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 American Assets Trust, L.P. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7562(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). American Assets Trust, Inc. Yes No American Assets Trust, L.P. Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of American Assets Trust, Inc.'s common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing sales price of the Registrant's common shares on June 30, 2022 was billion. 
 The number of American Assets Trust, Inc. s common shares outstanding on February 10, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of American Assets Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and American Assets Trust, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership, of which American Assets Trust, Inc. is the parent company and sole general partner. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to we, us, our or the company refer to American Assets Trust, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including American Assets Trust, L.P. In statements regarding qualification as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, such terms refer solely to American Assets Trust, Inc. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to our Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnership refer to American Assets Trust, L.P. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. operates as a REIT and is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, American Assets Trust, Inc. owned an approximate 78.8 partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The remaining 21.2 partnership interests are owned by non-affiliated investors and certain of our directors and executive officers. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, American Assets Trust, Inc. has full, exclusive and complete authority and control over the Operating Partnership s day-to-day management and business, can cause it to enter into certain major transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions and refinancings, and can cause changes in its line of business, capital structure and distribution policies. 
 
 The company believes that combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership into a single report will result in the following benefits: 
 better reflects how management and the analyst community view the business as a single operating unit; 
 enhance investors' understanding of American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership by enabling them to view the business as a whole and in the same manner as management; 
 greater efficiency for American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership and resulting savings in time, effort and expense; and 
 greater efficiency for investors by reducing duplicative disclosure by providing a single document for their review. 
 
 The management of American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership is the same and operates American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership as one enterprise. 
 
 There are certain differences between American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership, which are reflected in the disclosures in this report. We believe it is important to understand the differences between American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership in the context of how American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership operate as an interrelated consolidated company. American Assets Trust, Inc. is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, American Assets Trust, Inc. does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership. American Assets Trust, Inc. itself does not hold any indebtedness. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all the assets of the company, directly or indirectly holds the ownership interests in the company's real estate ventures, conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly-traded equity. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by American Assets Trust, Inc., which are generally contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the company s business through the Operating Partnership s operations, by the Operating Partnership s direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness or through the issuance of operating partnership units. 
 
 Noncontrolling interests and stockholders equity and partners capital are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of American Assets Trust, Inc. and those of American Assets Trust, L.P. The partnership interests in the Operating Partnership that are not owned by American Assets Trust, Inc. are accounted for as partners capital in the Operating Partnership s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in American Assets Trust, Inc. s financial statements. To help investors understand the significant differences between American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership, this report presents the following separate sections for each of American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership: 
 consolidated financial statements; 
 the following notes to the consolidated financial statements: 
 Debt; 
 Equity/Partners' Capital; and 
 Earnings Per Share/Unit; 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities; and 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This report also includes separate Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications for each of American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of American Assets Trust, Inc. have made the requisite certifications and American Assets Trust, Inc. and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC. AND AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, L.P. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 T ABLE OF C ONTENTS 
 PART I 
 4 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 32 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 33 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 38 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 38 
 PART II 
 39 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 39 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 41 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 42 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 63 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 63 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 63 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 66 
 PART III 
 66 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 66 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 66 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 66 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 66 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 66 
 ITEM 15. DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 
 66 
 PART IV 
 67 
 ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 67 
 SIGNATURES 
 70 

Forward Looking Statements. 
 We make statements in this report that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). In particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, portfolio performance and results of operations contain forward-looking statements. Likewise, our statements regarding anticipated growth in our funds from operations and anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates or anticipates or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 the impact of epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus (such as the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants) and the actions taken by government authorities and others related thereto, including the ability of our company, our properties and our tenants to operate; 
 adverse economic or real estate developments in our markets; 
 our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding indebtedness; 
 defaults on, early terminations of or non-renewal of leases by tenants, including significant tenants; 
 difficulties in identifying properties to acquire and completing acquisitions; 
 difficulties in completing dispositions; 
 our failure to successfully operate acquired properties and operations; 
 our inability to develop or redevelop our properties due to market conditions; 
 fluctuations in interest rates and increased operating costs; 
 risks related to joint venture arrangements; 
 our failure to obtain necessary outside financing; 
 on-going litigation; 
 general economic conditions; 
 financial market fluctuations; 
 risks that affect the general office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use environment; 
 the competitive environment in which we operate; 
 decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; 
 conflicts of interests with our officers or directors; 
 lack or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 environmental uncertainties and risks related to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; 
 other factors affecting the real estate industry generally; 
 limitations imposed on our business and our ability to satisfy complex rules in order for American Assets Trust, Inc. to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and 
 changes in governmental regulations or interpretations thereof, such as real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates and taxation of REITs. 
 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, or new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results, performance or transactions, see the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

1 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 An investment in our securities is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section entitled "Item 1.A Risk Factors." The following is a summary of some of the principal risks related to an investment in our company. 
 Our portfolio of properties is dependent upon regional and local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii, which may cause us to be more susceptible to adverse developments in those markets than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 The continuing impacts of COVID-19 and restrictions intended to prevent its spread, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders. 
 Work from home, flexible work schedules, open workplaces, videoconferencing, and teleconferencing are becoming more common, particularly as a result of COVID-19, which may reduce the demand for office space and cause a reduction of rental rates and property valuation at our office properties on a temporary and/or prolonged basis. 
 We depend on significant tenants in our office properties, and a bankruptcy, insolvency or inability to pay rent of any of these tenants may adversely affect the income produced by our office properties and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our retail shopping center properties depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of, or a store closure by, one or more of these tenants. 
 Many of the leases at our retail properties contain co-tenancy or go-dark provisions, which, if triggered, may allow tenants to pay reduced rent, cease operations or terminate their leases, any of which could adversely affect our performance or the value of the applicable retail property. 
 We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-let space as leases expire, thereby increasing or prolonging vacancies, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We face significant competition for acquisitions of real properties, which may reduce the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the costs of these acquisitions. 
 High mortgage rates and/or unavailability of mortgage debt may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our net income and the amount of cash distributions we can make. 
 Mortgage debt obligations expose us to the possibility of foreclosure, which could result in the loss of our investment in a property or group of properties subject to mortgage debt. 
 Our third amended and restated credit facility, note purchase agreements and amended term loan agreement restrict our ability to engage in some business activities, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make capital expenditures and make certain investments, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We are subject to risks that affect the general retail environment, such as weakness in the economy, the level of consumer spending, the adverse financial condition of large retailing companies and competition from discount and internet retailers, any of which could adversely affect market rents for retail space and the willingness or ability of retailers to lease space in our shopping centers. 
 We face significant competition in the leasing market, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 We are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality and tourism industries, including competition for guests with other hospitality properties and general and local economic conditions that may affect demand for travel in general, any of which could adversely affect the revenues generated by our hospitality or other properties. 
 
 2 

Our real estate development activities are subject to risks particular to development, such as unanticipated expenses, delays and other contingencies, particularly in light of the continuing impacts of COVID-19, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed, and the loss of one or more of our key personnel could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and to implement our growth strategies, or could create a negative perception in the capital markets. 
 Potential losses from earthquakes in California, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii may not be fully covered by insurance. 
 We may be adversely affected by laws, regulations or other issues related to climate change. 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control and may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could limit our ability, among other things, to meet our capital and operating needs or make the cash distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with real estate assets and the real estate industry, including local oversupply, reduction in demand or adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of properties, which could decrease revenues or increase costs, which would adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes or reassessment, which would adversely impact our cash flows. 
 As an owner of real estate, we could incur significant costs and liabilities related to environmental matters. 
 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our common stock. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions, and the unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, references to we, our, us and our company refer to American Assets Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, including American Assets Trust, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership, of which we are the sole general partner and which we refer to in this report as our Operating Partnership. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 We are a full service, vertically integrated and self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns, operates, acquires and develops high quality office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties in attractive, high-barrier-to-entry markets in Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio is comprised of twelve retail shopping centers; twelve office properties; a mixed-use property consisting of a 369-room all-suite hotel and a retail shopping center; and six multifamily properties. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we owned land at three of our properties that we classified as held for development and construction in progress. Our core markets include San Diego, California; the San Francisco Bay Area, California; Bellevue, Washington; Portland, Oregon and Oahu, Hawaii. 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that was formed on July 16, 2010 to acquire the entities owning various controlling and noncontrolling interests in real estate assets owned and/or managed by Ernest S. Rady or his affiliates, including the Ernest Rady Trust U/D/T March 13, 1983, or the Rady Trust, and did not have any operating activity until the consummation of our initial public offering and the related acquisition of such interest on January 19, 2011. After the completion of our initial public offering and the related acquisitions, our operations have been carried on through our Operating Partnership. American Assets Trust, Inc., as the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, has control of our Operating Partnership and owned 78.8 of our Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we consolidate the assets, liabilities and results of operations of our Operating Partnership. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following competitive strengths distinguish us from other owners and operators of commercial real estate and will enable us to take advantage of new acquisition and development opportunities, as well as growth opportunities within our portfolio: 
 Irreplaceable Portfolio of High Quality Office, Retail and Multifamily Properties. We have acquired and developed a high quality portfolio of office, retail and multifamily properties located in affluent neighborhoods and sought-after business centers in San Diego, California, the San Francisco Bay Area, California, Bellevue, Washington; Portland, Oregon; San Antonio, Texas and Oahu, Hawaii. Many of our properties are located in in-fill locations where developable land is scarce or where we believe current zoning, environmental and entitlement regulations significantly restrict new development. We believe that the location of many of our properties will provide us an advantage in terms of generating higher internal revenue growth on a relative basis. 
 Experienced and Committed Senior Management Team with Strong Sponsorship. The members of our senior management team have significant experience in all aspects of the commercial real estate industry. 
 Properties Located in High-Barrier-to-Entry Markets with Strong Real Estate Fundamentals. Our core markets currently include Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii, which we believe have attractive long-term real estate fundamentals driven by favorable supply and demand characteristics. 
 Extensive Market Knowledge and Long-Standing Relationships Facilitate Access to a Pipeline of Acquisition and Leasing Opportunities. We believe that our in-depth market knowledge and extensive network of long-standing relationships in the real estate industry provide us access to an ongoing pipeline of attractive acquisition and investment opportunities in and near our core markets, while also facilitating our leasing efforts and providing us with opportunities to increase occupancy rates at our properties. 
 Internal Growth Prospects through Development, Redevelopment and Repositioning. The development and redevelopment potential at several of our properties presents compelling growth prospects and our expertise enhances our ability to capitalize on these opportunities. 
 Broad Real Estate Expertise with Office, Retail and Multifamily Focus. Our senior management team has strong experience and capabilities across the real estate sector with significant expertise in the office, retail and multifamily asset classes, which provides for flexibility in pursuing attractive acquisition, development 
 
 4 

and repositioning opportunities. Ernest Rady, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Robert Barton, our Chief Financial Officer, each have over 30 years of commercial real estate experience, and the other members of senior management, including Adam Wyll, our President and Chief Operating Officer, each have over 20 years of commercial real estate experience. 
 Business and Growth Strategies 
 Our primary business objectives are to increase operating cash flows, generate long-term growth and maximize stockholder value. Specifically, we pursue the following strategies to achieve these objectives: 
 Capitalizing on Acquisition Opportunities in High-Barrier-to-Entry Markets. We intend to pursue growth through the strategic acquisition of attractively priced, high quality properties that are well located in their submarkets, focusing on markets that generally are characterized by strong supply and demand characteristics, including high barriers to entry and diverse industry bases, that appeal to institutional investors. 
 Repositioning/Redevelopment and Development of Office, Retail and Multifamily Properties. Our strategy is to selectively reposition and redevelop several of our existing or newly-acquired properties, and we will also selectively pursue ground-up development of undeveloped land where we believe we can generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 Disciplined Capital Recycling Strategy. Our strategy is to pursue an efficient asset allocation strategy that maximizes the value of our investments by selectively disposing of properties whose returns appear to have been maximized and redeploying capital into acquisition, repositioning, redevelopment and development opportunities with higher return prospects, in each case in a manner that is consistent with our qualification as a REIT. 
 Proactive Asset and Property Management. We actively manage our properties, employ targeted leasing strategies, leverage our existing tenant relationships and focus on reducing operating expenses to increase occupancy rates at our properties, attract high quality tenants and increase property cash flows, thereby enhancing the value of our properties. 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 216 employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. We believe our commitment to our human capital resources is an important component of our business that enables us to deliver superior performance in the ownership, operation, acquisition, and development of our high quality office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties and tenant relationships. We provide all employees with the opportunity to share their opinions in open dialogues with our human resources department and senior management. We also provide all employees with a wide range of professional development experiences, both formal and informal. 
 The safety and wellbeing of our employees is a paramount value for us, and the health and wellness of our employees is critical to our success. We provide our employees with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and wellness programs designed to support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health and encourage healthy behaviors. In response to COVID-19 and its variants, we implemented significant changes that we believe were and continue to be in the best interests of our employees and which comply with government orders in all the states and counties where we operate. These changes include a number of new health-related measures, such as vaccination mandates for all employees (subject to certain permitted exceptions), requirements to wear face-masks at our properties to the extent required by government regulations, increased hygiene, cleaning and sanitizing procedures at our properties, social-distancing at our properties and limiting in-person meetings and other gatherings. 
 Additionally, we provide competitive compensation and benefits. In addition to salaries, employees may be eligible to receive annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan with employee matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, and family care resources. 
 We are committed to cultivating a diverse culture of inclusion that we believe makes a positive difference in our employees lives and we actively work to improve workplace diversity, equity and inclusion. As of December 31, 2022, our employees were: 
 44 female; 56 male; and 
 53 ethnically diverse (i.e., Asian, African American, Hispanic or Latino and other (Native Hawaiian/ Pacific Islander and two or more of the foregoing)). 
 
 5 

Tax Status 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and believe we are organized and operate in a manner that has allowed us to qualify and will allow us to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2011. To maintain REIT status, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute at least 90 of our net taxable income to our stockholders (excluding any net capital gains). 
 Insurance 
 We carry comprehensive general liability, fire, extended coverage, business interruption and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio under a blanket insurance policy or standalone policy, in addition to other coverages, such as trademark, cyber and pollution coverage, that may be appropriate for certain of our properties. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate for our properties given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover our losses. We do not carry insurance for certain losses, including losses caused by riots or war. Some of our policies, like those covering losses due to terrorism, hail, flood, named storm and earthquakes, are insured subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be sufficient to cover losses for such events. In addition, all our properties except our property located in San Antonio, Texas are subject to an increased risk of earthquakes. While we carry earthquake insurance on all of our properties, the amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover losses from earthquakes. We may self-insure, reduce or discontinue casualty, earthquake, terrorism or other insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any of these policies exceeds, in our judgment, the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. Also, if destroyed, we may not be able to rebuild certain of our properties due to current zoning and land use regulations. As a result, we may be required to incur significant costs in the event of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters. In addition, our title insurance policies may not insure for the current aggregate market value of our portfolio, and we do not intend to increase our title insurance coverage if the market value of our portfolio increases. If we or one or more of our tenants experiences a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds applicable policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable costs in the future if the costs associated with property and casualty renewals become higher than anticipated or insurance carriers no longer offer certain coverage. 
 Regulation 
 Our properties are subject to various covenants, laws, ordinances and regulations, including laws such as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, and the Fair Housing Amendment Act of 1988, or FHAA, that impose further restrictions on our properties and operations. Under the ADA and the FHAA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Some of our properties may currently be in non-compliance with the ADA or the FHAA. If one or more of the properties in our portfolio is not in compliance with the ADA, the FHAA or any other regulatory requirements, we may be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance and we might incur governmental fines or be required to pay damages to private litigants. In addition, we do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether future requirements will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures. For additional information, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry We may incur significant costs complying with various federal, state and local laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our properties. 
 Under various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for costs and damages resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, waste or petroleum products at, on, in, under or migrating from such property, including costs to investigate and clean up such contamination and liability for harm to natural resources. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. These liabilities could be substantial and the cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or other costs could exceed the value of the property and/or our aggregate assets. In addition, the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability for costs of remediation and/or personal or property damage or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop our properties or use our properties as collateral for future borrowings. In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. 
 
 6 

Some of our properties have been or may be impacted by contamination arising from current or prior uses of the property, or adjacent properties, for commercial or industrial purposes. Such contamination may arise from spills of petroleum or hazardous substances or releases from tanks used to store such materials. For example, Del Monte Center is currently undergoing remediation of dry cleaning solvent contamination from a former onsite dry cleaner. The environmental issue is currently in the final stages of remediation which entails the long term ground monitoring by the appropriate regulatory agency over the next five to seven years. The prior owner of Del Monte Center entered into a fixed fee environmental services agreement in 1997 pursuant to which the remediation will be completed for approximately 3.5 million, with the remediation costs paid for through funds held in an escrow account funded by the prior owner. We expect that the funds in this escrow account will cover all remaining costs and expenses of the environmental remediation. However, if the Regional Water Quality Control Board - Central Coast Region were to require further work costing more than the remaining escrowed funds, we could be required to pay such overage although we may have a claim for such costs against the prior owner or our environmental remediation consultant. In addition to the foregoing, though we possess Phase I Environmental Site Assessments for certain of the properties in our portfolio, these assessments are limited in scope (e.g., they do not generally include soil sampling, subsurface investigations or hazardous materials survey) and may have failed to identify all environmental conditions or concerns. Furthermore, we do not have Phase I Environmental Site Assessment reports for all of the properties in our portfolio and, as such, we may not be aware of all potential or existing environmental contamination liabilities at the properties in our portfolio. As a result, we could potentially incur material liability for these issues, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 As the owner of the buildings on our properties, we could face liability for the presence of hazardous materials (e.g., asbestos or lead) or other adverse conditions (e.g., poor indoor air quality) in our buildings. Environmental laws govern the presence, maintenance, and removal of hazardous materials in buildings, and if we do not comply with such laws, we could face fines for such noncompliance. Also, we could be liable to third parties (e.g., occupants of the buildings) for damages related to exposure to hazardous materials or adverse conditions in our buildings, and we could incur material expenses with respect to abatement or remediation of hazardous materials or other adverse conditions in our buildings. In addition, some of our tenants routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations at our properties, which are subject to regulation. Such environmental and health and safety laws and regulations could subject us or our tenants to liability resulting from these activities. For additional information, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry As an owner of real estate, we could incur significant costs and liabilities related to environmental matters. 
 Competition 
 We compete with a number of developers, owners and operators of office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use real estate, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located and some of which have greater financial resources than we do. In operating and managing our portfolio, we compete for tenants based on a number of factors, including location, rental rates, security, flexibility and expertise to design space to meet prospective tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated, maintained and marketed. As leases at our properties expire, we may encounter significant competition to renew or re-let space in light of the large number of competing properties within the markets in which we operate. As a result, we may be required to provide rent concessions or abatements, incur charges for tenant improvements and other inducements, including early termination rights or below market renewal options, or we may not be able to timely lease vacant space. In such cases, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our common stock and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends may be adversely affected. 
 We also face competition when pursuing acquisition and disposition opportunities. Our competitors may be able to pay higher property acquisition prices, may have private access to opportunities not available to us and otherwise may be in a better position to acquire a property. Competition may also have the effect of reducing the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us, increasing the price required to consummate an acquisition opportunity and generally reducing the demand for office, retail, mixed-use and multifamily space in our markets. Likewise, competition with sellers of similar properties to locate suitable purchasers may result in us receiving lower proceeds from a sale or in us not being able to dispose of a property at a time of our choosing due to the lack of an acceptable return. 
 Segments 
 We operate in four business segments: office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use. Information related to our business segments for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is set forth in Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 7 

Tenants Accounting for over 10 of Revenues 
 None of our tenants accounted for more than 10 of total revenues in any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. Google LLC at The Landmark at One Market accounted for approximately 12.7 , 13.6 and 14.1 of total office segment revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. LPL Holdings, Inc. at La Jolla Commons accounted for approximately 13.2 , 14.4 and 15.3 of total office segment revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Foreign Operations 
 We do not engage in any foreign operations or derive any revenue from foreign sources. 
 Available Information 
 We file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. You may obtain copies of these documents by accessing the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are furnished to the SEC, we make copies of these documents available to the public free of charge through our website at www.americanassetstrust.com, or by contacting our Secretary at our principal office, which is located at 3420 Carmel Mountain Road, Suite 100, San Diego, California 92121. Our telephone number is (858) 350-2600. Specifically, we use the investor relations section of our website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors should monitor such website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public calls and webcasts. The information contained on our website and accessible through the SEC s website is not a part of this report and is not incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Policies and Procedures for Complaints Regarding Accounting, Internal Accounting Controls, Fraud or Auditing Matters, Insider Trading Compliance Program and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are all available in the Governance section of the Investors page of our website. 

8 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following section includes the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business and operations. The risk factors describe risks that may affect these statements but are not all-inclusive, particularly with respect to possible future events. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. This discussion of risk factors includes many forward-looking statements. For cautions about relying on forward-looking statements, please refer to the section entitled Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report immediately prior to Item 1. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Our portfolio of properties is dependent upon regional and local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii, which may cause us to be more susceptible to adverse developments in those markets than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. 
 Our properties are located in California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii, and substantially all of our properties are concentrated in California, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii, which exposes us to greater economic risks than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. As a result, we are particularly susceptible to adverse economic or other conditions in these markets (such as periods of economic slowdown or recession, business layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, changes in the local or global tourism industry, relocations of businesses, increases in real estate and other taxes and the cost of complying with governmental regulations or increased regulation), as well as to natural disasters that occur in these markets (such as earthquakes, wildfires, tropical storms, hurricanes, tornadoes and other events). If there is a downturn in the economy in these markets, our operations and our revenue and cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders, could be materially adversely affected. We cannot assure you that these markets will grow or that underlying real estate fundamentals will be favorable to owners and operators of office, retail, mixed-use or multifamily properties. Our operations may also be affected if competing properties are built in any of these markets. Moreover, submarkets within any of our core markets may be dependent upon a limited number of industries. In addition, the State of California is regarded as more litigious, highly regulated and taxed than many other states, all of which may reduce demand for office, retail, mixed-use or multifamily space in California. Any adverse economic or real estate developments in the California, Washington, Oregon, Texas or Hawaii markets, or any decrease in demand for office, retail, multifamily or mixed-use space resulting from the regulatory environment, business climate or energy or fiscal problems, could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and our ability to pay distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 We may be adversely affected by trends in office real estate. 
 In 2022, approximately 54 of our net operating income was from our office properties. Work from home, flexible work schedules, open workplaces, videoconferencing, and teleconferencing are becoming more common, particularly as a result of COVID-19. These practices may enable businesses to reduce their office space requirements. There is also an increasing trend among some businesses to utilize shared office spaces and co-working spaces. A continuation of the movement towards these practices could, over time, erode the overall demand for office space and, in turn, place downward pressure on occupancy, rental rates and property valuations, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 At February 10, 2023, we had total debt outstanding of 1.70 billion, excluding debt issuance costs, a portion of which contains non-recourse carve-out guarantees and environmental indemnities from us and our Operating Partnership, and we may incur significant additional debt to finance future acquisition and development activities. At December 31, 2022, we also had a third amended and restated credit facility with a capacity of 500 million, consisting of a revolving line of credit of 400 million and an unsecured term loan of 100 million (Term Loan A). Additionally, on January 5, 2023, we amended and restated our term loan agreement (a separate facility from that described in the preceding sentence) to consist of unsecured term loans of 225 million (Term Loan B and Term Loan C). Payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our properties or to pay the dividends currently contemplated or necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following: 
 
 9 

our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 
 we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to meet operational needs; 
 we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 
 we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on unfavorable terms or in violation of certain covenants to which we may be subject; 
 we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and 
 our default under any loan with cross-default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. 
 If any one of these events were to occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the Code. 
 We depend on significant tenants in our office properties, and a bankruptcy, insolvency or inability to pay rent of any of these tenants may adversely affect the income produced by our office properties and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the three largest tenants in our office portfolio - Google LLC, LPL Holdings, Inc. and Autodesk, Inc. - represented approximately 30.4 of the total annualized base rent in our office portfolio in the aggregate, and 13.5 , 10.1 and 6.8 , respectively, of the annualized base rent generated by our office properties. Google LLC is a subsidiary of Alphabet, Inc. and provides internet related products and services. LPL Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of LPL Financial Holdings, Inc. and provides an integrated platform of brokerage and investment advisory services to independent financial advisors and financial advisors at financial institutions in the United States. Autodesk, Inc. is an American multinational corporation that focuses on 3-D design software for use in the architecture, engineering, construction, manufacturing, media and entertainment industries. The inability of a significant tenant to pay rent or the bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant tenant may adversely affect the income produced by our office properties. If a tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, federal law may prohibit us from evicting such tenant based solely upon such bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, a bankrupt or insolvent tenant may be authorized to reject and terminate its lease with us. Any claim against such tenant for unpaid, future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent owed under the lease. If any of these tenants were to experience a downturn in its business or a weakening of its financial condition resulting in its failure to make timely rental payments or causing it to default under its lease, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. Any such event could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our retail shopping center properties depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of, or a store closure by, one or more of these tenants. 
 Our retail shopping center properties typically are anchored by large, nationally recognized tenants. At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may significantly weaken their financial condition. As a result, our tenants, including our anchor and other major tenants, may fail to comply with their contractual obligations to us, seek concessions in order to continue operations or declare bankruptcy, any of which could result in the termination of such tenants' leases and the loss of rental income attributable to the terminated leases. In addition, certain of our tenants may cease operations while continuing to pay rent, which could decrease customer traffic, thereby decreasing sales for our other tenants at the applicable retail property. In addition to these potential effects of a business downturn, mergers or consolidations among large retail establishments could result in the closure of existing stores or duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations, which could include stores at our retail properties. 
 Loss of, or a store closure by, an anchor or major tenant could significantly reduce our occupancy level or the rent we receive from our retail properties, and we may not have the right to re-lease vacated space or we may be unable to re-lease vacated space at attractive rents or at all. Moreover, in the event of default by a major tenant or anchor store, we may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover amounts due to us under the terms of our agreements with those parties. The occurrence of any of the situations described above, particularly if it involves an anchor tenant with leases in multiple locations, could seriously harm our performance and could adversely affect the value of the applicable retail property. 
 
 10 

As of December 31, 2022, our largest anchor tenants were Lowe's, Sprouts Farmers Market and Nordstrom Rack, which together represented approximately 10.3 of our total annualized base rent of our retail portfolio in the aggregate, and 5.0 , 2.9 and 2.4 , respectively, of the annualized base rent generated by our retail properties. 
 Many of the leases at our retail properties contain co-tenancy or go-dark provisions, which, if triggered, may allow tenants to pay reduced rent, cease operations or terminate their leases, any of which could adversely affect our performance or the value of the applicable retail property. 
 Many of the leases at our retail properties contain co-tenancy provisions that condition a tenant's obligation to remain open, the amount of rent payable by the tenant or the tenant's obligation to continue occupancy on certain conditions, including: (1) the presence of a certain anchor tenant or tenants; (2) the continued operation of an anchor tenant's store; and (3) minimum occupancy levels at the applicable retail property. If a co-tenancy provision is triggered by a failure of any of these or other applicable conditions, a tenant could have the right to cease operations, to terminate its lease early or to a reduction of its rent. In periods of prolonged economic decline or government-imposed restrictions on operations (such as restrictions intended to reduce the spread of COVID-19), there is a higher than normal risk that co-tenancy provisions will be triggered as there is a higher risk of tenants closing stores or terminating leases during these periods. In addition to these co-tenancy provisions, certain of the leases at our retail properties contain go-dark provisions that allow the tenant to cease operations while continuing to pay rent. This could result in decreased customer traffic at the applicable retail property, thereby decreasing sales for our other tenants at that property, which may result in our other tenants being unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. These provisions also may result in lower rental revenue generated under the applicable leases. To the extent co-tenancy or go-dark provisions in our retail leases result in lower revenue or tenant sales or tenants' rights to terminate their leases early or to a reduction of their rent, our performance or the value of the applicable retail property could be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions of properties that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. 
 Our business strategy involves the acquisition of office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties. These activities require us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategies. We continue to evaluate the market of available properties and may attempt to acquire properties when strategic opportunities exist. However, we may be unable to acquire properties identified as potential acquisition opportunities. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms, or at all, may be exposed to the following significant risks: 
 we may incur significant costs and divert management attention in connection with evaluating and negotiating potential acquisitions, including ones that we are subsequently unable to complete; 
 even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of properties, these agreements are subject to conditions to closing, which we may be unable to satisfy; and 
 we may be unable to finance the acquisition on favorable terms or at all. 
 If we are unable to finance property acquisitions or acquire properties on favorable terms, or at all, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, failure to identify or complete acquisitions of suitable properties could slow our growth. 
 We face significant competition for acquisitions of real properties, which may reduce the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the costs of these acquisitions. 
 The current market for acquisitions continues to be extremely competitive. This competition may increase the demand for the types of properties in which we typically invest and, therefore, reduce the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the prices paid for such acquisition properties. We also face significant competition for attractive acquisition opportunities from an indeterminate number of investors, including publicly traded and privately held REITs, private equity investors and institutional investment funds, some of which have greater financial resources than we do, a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire properties and the ability to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the geographic proximity of investments and the payment of higher acquisition prices. This competition will increase if investments in real estate become more attractive relative to other forms of investment. Competition for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and may have the effect of increasing prices paid for such acquisition properties and/or reducing the rents we can charge and, as a result, adversely affecting our operating results. 
 We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-let space as leases expire, thereby increasing or prolonging vacancies, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 
 11 

As of December 31, 2022, leases representing 6.8 of the square footage and 9.9 of the annualized base rent of the properties in our office, retail and retail portion of our mixed-use portfolios will expire in 2023, and an additional 9.1 of the square footage of the properties in our office, retail and retail portion of our mixed-use portfolios was available. We cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-let at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates or that substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below market renewal options will not be offered to attract new tenants or retain existing tenants. In addition, our ability to lease our multifamily properties at favorable rates, or at all, is dependent upon the overall level of spending in the economy, which is adversely affected by, among other things, job losses and unemployment levels, recession, personal debt levels, the downturn in the housing market, stock market volatility and uncertainty about the future. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, our existing tenants do not renew their leases or we do not re-let a significant portion of our available space and space for which leases will expire, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to grow will be limited if we cannot obtain additional capital. 
 If economic conditions and conditions in the capital markets are not favorable at the time we need to raise capital, including as a result of factors such as economic recessions causing volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets and/or a high interest rate environment, we may need to obtain capital on less favorable terms than our current debt financings or may otherwise be unable to refinance our existing debt facilities on more favorable terms. Equity capital could include our common shares or preferred shares. We cannot guarantee that additional financing, refinancing or other capital will be available in the amounts we desire or on favorable terms. Our access to debt or equity capital depends on a number of factors, including the market's perception of our growth potential, our ability to pay dividends, and our current and potential future earnings. Depending on the outcome of these factors as well as the impact of the economic environment, we could experience delay or difficulty in implementing our growth strategy, including the development and redevelopment of our assets, on satisfactory terms, or be unable to implement this strategy. 
 High mortgage rates and/or unavailability of mortgage debt may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our net income and the amount of cash distributions we can make. 
 If mortgage debt is unavailable at reasonable rates, we may not be able to finance the purchase of properties. If we place mortgage debt on properties, we may be unable to refinance the properties when the loans become due, or to refinance on favorable terms. If interest rates are higher when we refinance our properties, our income could be reduced. If any of these events occur, our cash flow could be reduced. This, in turn, could reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and unitholders and may hinder our ability to raise more capital by issuing more stock or by borrowing more money. 
 Mortgage debt obligations expose us to the possibility of foreclosure, which could result in the loss of our investment in a property or group of properties subject to mortgage debt. 
 Incurring mortgage and other secured debt obligations increases our risk of property losses because defaults on indebtedness secured by properties may result in foreclosure actions initiated by lenders and ultimately our loss of the property securing any loans for which we are in default. Any foreclosure on a mortgaged property or group of properties could adversely affect the overall value of our portfolio of properties. Moreover, repayment of mortgage and other secured debt obligations could limit the funds that are available to repay our unsecured debt obligations. For tax purposes, a foreclosure on any of our properties that is subject to a nonrecourse mortgage loan would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 
 Our future acquisitions may not yield the returns we expect, and we may otherwise be unable to operate these properties to meet our financial expectations, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our future acquisitions and our ability to successfully operate the properties we acquire in such acquisitions may be exposed to the following significant risks: 
 even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price; 
 we may acquire properties that are not accretive to our results upon acquisition, and we may not successfully manage and lease those properties to meet our expectations; 
 our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 
 
 12 

we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and as a result our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected; 
 market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates; and 
 we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities, such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties, liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 If we cannot operate acquired properties to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to control our operating costs or our expenses may remain constant or increase, even if our revenues do not increase, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. 
 Factors that may adversely affect our ability to control operating costs include the need to pay for insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, which could increase over time, the need periodically to repair, renovate and re-lease space, the cost of compliance with governmental regulation, including zoning and tax laws, the potential for liability under applicable laws, interest rate levels and the availability of financing. If our operating costs increase as a result of any of the foregoing factors, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 The expense of owning and operating a property is not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the property. As a result, if revenues decline, we may not be able to reduce our expenses accordingly. Costs associated with real estate investments, such as real estate taxes, insurance, loan payments and maintenance, generally will not be reduced even if a property is not fully occupied or other circumstances cause our revenues to decrease. If we are unable to decrease operating costs when demand for our properties decreases and our revenues decline, our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders may be adversely affected. 
 Some of our financing arrangements involve balloon payment obligations, which may adversely affect our ability to make distributions. 
 Some of our financing arrangements require us to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. Our ability to make a balloon payment at maturity is uncertain and may depend upon our ability to obtain additional financing or our ability to sell the property. At the time the balloon payment is due, we may or may not be able to refinance the existing financing on terms as favorable as the original loan or sell the property at a price sufficient to make the balloon payment. The effect of a refinancing or sale could affect the rate of return to stockholders and the projected time of disposition of our assets. In addition, payments of principal and interest made to service our debts may leave us with insufficient cash to pay the distributions that we are required to pay to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Rules and regulations applicable to REITs impose certain restrictions on our ability to utilize hedges, swaps and other types of derivatives to hedge our liabilities. Subject to these restrictions, we may enter into hedging transactions to protect us from the effects of interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt. Our hedging transactions may include entering into interest rate cap agreements or interest rate swap agreements. As described under Note 8. "Derivative and Hedging Activities," to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we have entered into several interest rate swap agreements that are intended to reduce the interest rate variability exposure with respect to certain of our indebtedness. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that such arrangements would not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes or that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. In addition, interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. Hedging could reduce the overall returns on our investments. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. In addition, while such agreements would be intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they could also expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements would not perform, we could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements or that the underlying transactions 
 
 13 

could fail to qualify as highly-effective cash flow hedges under Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . 
 Our third amended and restated credit facility, note purchase agreements and amended term loan agreement restrict our ability to engage in some business activities, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make capital expenditures and make certain investments, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our third amended and restated credit facility, note purchase agreements and amended term loan agreement contain customary negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things: 
 restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness; 
 restrict our ability to incur additional liens; 
 restrict our ability to make certain investments (including certain capital expenditures); 
 restrict our ability to merge with another company; 
 restrict our ability to sell or dispose of assets; 
 restrict our ability to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders; and 
 require us to satisfy minimum financial coverage ratios, minimum tangible net worth requirements and/or maximum leverage ratios. 
 These limitations restrict our ability to engage in some business activities, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. In addition, our credit facility contains specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the lenders and/or note purchasers the right to declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances. 
 The effective subordination of our unsecured indebtedness may reduce amounts available for payment on our unsecured indebtedness. 
 Our third amended and restated credit facility, the notes issued under our note purchase agreements and our amended and restated term loan agreement and our 3.375 senior notes due 2031 represent unsecured indebtedness. The holders of our secured debt may foreclose on the assets securing such debt, reducing the cash flow from the foreclosed property available for payment of unsecured debt. The holders of any of our secured debt also would have priority over unsecured creditors in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 If we invest in mortgage receivables, including originating mortgages, such investment would be subject to several risks, any of which could decrease the value of such investments and result in a significant loss to us. 
 From time to time, we may invest in mortgage receivables, including originating mortgages. In general, investments in mortgages are subject to several risks, including: 
 borrowers may fail to make debt service payments or pay the principal when due, which may make it necessary for us to foreclose our mortgages or engage in costly negotiations; 
 the value of the mortgaged property may be less than the principal amount of the mortgage note securing the property; 
 interest rates payable on the mortgages may be lower than our cost for the funds to acquire these mortgages; and 
 the mortgages may be or become subordinated to mechanics' or materialmen's liens or property tax liens, in which case we would need to make payments to maintain the current status of a prior lien or discharge it in its entirety to protect such mortgage investment. 
 If any of these risks were to be realized, the total amount we would recover from our mortgage receivables may be less than our total investment, resulting in a loss and our mortgage receivables may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions and dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our business may be affected by market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, including dislocations in the credit markets. These conditions, or similar conditions existing in the future, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock as a result of the following potential consequences, among others: 
 
 14 

decreased demand for office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use space, which would cause market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 
 reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; 
 our ability to obtain financing on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, may be limited, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense; and 
 one or more lenders under our third amended and restated credit facility could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or could fail and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all. 
 We are subject to risks that affect the general retail environment, such as weakness in the economy, the level of consumer spending, the adverse financial condition of large retailing companies and competition from discount and internet retailers, any of which could adversely affect market rents for retail space and the willingness or ability of retailers to lease space in our shopping centers. 
 A portion of our properties are in the retail real estate market. This means that we are subject to factors that affect the retail sector generally, as well as the market for retail space. The retail environment and the market for retail space have previously been, and could again be, adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional and local economies, inflation, high interest rate environments, the level of consumer spending and consumer confidence, the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector, the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets, increasing competition from discount retailers, outlet malls, internet retailers (including Amazon.com) and other online businesses and the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and its variants. Increases in consumer spending via the internet may significantly affect our retail tenants' ability to generate sales in their stores and could affect the way future tenants lease space. In addition, some of our retail tenants face competition from the expanding market for digital content and hardware. New and enhanced technologies, including new digital technologies and new web services technologies, may increase competition for certain of our retail tenants. While we devote considerable effort and resources to analyze and respond to tenant trends, preferences and consumer spending patterns, we cannot predict with certainty what future tenants will want, what future retail spaces will look like and how much revenue will be generated at traditional brick and mortar locations. If we are unable to anticipate and respond promptly to trends in the market, our occupancy levels and rental amounts may decline. We also might be susceptible to weakness in retail real estate as a result of trends relating to consumers preference to utilize e-commerce in lieu of in-person shopping experiences. 
 Any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect the financial condition of our retail tenants and the willingness of retailers to lease space in our shopping centers. In turn, these conditions could negatively affect market rents for retail space and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the trading price of our common shares and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 We face significant competition in the leasing market, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 We compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of real estate, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge or to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below market renewal options in order to retain tenants when our tenants' leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We may be required to make rent or other concessions and/or significant capital expenditures to improve our properties in order to retain and attract tenants, causing our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock to be adversely affected. 
 We may be required, upon expiration of leases at our properties, to make rent or other concessions to tenants, accommodate requests for renovations, build-to-suit remodeling and other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. As a result, we may have to make significant capital or other expenditures in order to retain tenants whose leases expire and to attract new tenants in sufficient numbers. Additionally, we may need to raise capital to make such expenditures. If we are unable to do so or capital is otherwise unavailable, we may be unable to make the required expenditures. This could result in 
 
 15 

non-renewals by tenants upon expiration of their leases, which could cause an adverse effect to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 The actual rents we receive for the properties in our portfolio may be less than our asking rents, and we may experience lease roll down from time to time, which could negatively impact our ability to generate cash flow growth. 
 As a result of various factors, including competitive pricing pressure in our submarkets, adverse conditions in the California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii real estate markets and the desirability of our properties compared to other properties in our submarkets, we may be unable to realize the asking rents across the properties in our portfolio. In addition, the degree of discrepancy between our asking rents and the actual rents we are able to obtain may vary both from property to property and among different leased spaces within a single property. If we are unable to obtain rental rates that are on average comparable to our asking rents across our portfolio, then our ability to generate cash flow growth will be negatively impacted. In addition, depending on asking rental rates at any given time as compared to expiring leases in our portfolio, from time to time rental rates for expiring leases may be higher than starting rental rates for new leases. 
 We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell or refinance such assets. 
 In the future we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in our Operating Partnership, which may result in stockholder dilution through the issuance of Operating Partnership units that may be exchanged for shares of our common stock. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to protect the contributors' ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of, or refinance the debt on, the acquired properties. Similarly, we may be required to incur or maintain debt we would otherwise not incur so we can allocate the debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 
 We are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality and tourism industries, including competition for guests with other hospitality properties and general and local economic conditions that may affect demand for travel in general, any of which could adversely affect the revenues generated by our hospitality or other properties. 
 Because we own the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites in Hawaii and the Santa Fe Park RV Resort in California, we are susceptible to risks associated with the hospitality industry, including: 
 competition for guests with other hospitality properties, some of which may have greater marketing and financial resources than the managers of our hospitality properties; 
 increases in operating costs from inflation, labor costs (including the impact of unionization), workers' compensation and healthcare related costs, utility costs, insurance and other factors that the managers of our hospitality properties may not be able to offset through higher rates; 
 the fluctuating and seasonal demands of business travelers and tourism, which seasonality may cause quarterly fluctuations in our revenues; 
 general and local economic conditions that may affect demand for travel in general (including as it may relate to the ongoing impact of COVID-19); 
 periodic oversupply resulting from excessive new development; 
 unforeseen events beyond our control, such as terrorist attacks, travel-related health concerns, including pandemics and epidemics, imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities, travel-related accidents, climate change and unusual weather patterns, including natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires, tropical storms, hurricanes and tornadoes; and 
 decreased reimbursement revenue from the licensor for traveler reward programs. 
 If our hospitality properties do not generate sufficient revenues, our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our common stock and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, because tourism is a major component of both the local economies in Hawaii and California, our properties in California and Hawaii may be impacted by the local and global tourism industry. These properties are susceptible to any factors that affect travel and tourism related to Hawaii and California, including cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air or other travel to and from these regions. Moreover, these properties may be affected by risks such as acts of terrorism and natural disasters, including major fires, floods and earthquakes, as well as severe or inclement weather, which could also decrease tourism activity in Hawaii or California. 
 
 16 

We must rely on third-party management companies to operate the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, and, as a result, we will have less control than if we were operating the hotel directly. 
 In order to assist us in maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we have leased the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites to WBW Hotel Lessee, LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of our taxable REIT subsidiary), or the TRS Lessee, and engaged a third-party management company to operate our hotel. While we have some input into operating decisions for the hotel leased by our TRS Lessee and operated under a management agreement, we have less control than if we managed the hotel ourselves. Even if we believe that our hotel is not being operated efficiently, we may not have sufficient rights under the management agreement to enable us to force the management company to change its method of operation. We cannot assure you that the management company will successfully manage our hotel. A failure by the management company to successfully manage the hotel could lead to an increase in our operating expenses or a decrease in our revenue, or both, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and our ability to pay distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 If our relationship with the franchisor of the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites was to deteriorate or terminate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 We cannot assure you that disputes between us and the franchisor of the Waikiki Beach Walk- Embassy Suites will not arise. If our relationship with the franchisor were to deteriorate as a result of disputes regarding the franchise agreement under which our hotel operates or for other reasons, the franchisor could, under certain circumstances, terminate our current license with them or decline to provide licenses for hotels that we may acquire in the future. If any of the foregoing were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 Our franchisor, Embassy Suites , could cause us to expend additional funds on upgraded operating standards, which may adversely affect our results of operations and reduce cash available for distribution to stockholders and unitholders. 
 Under the terms of our franchise license agreement, our hotel operator must comply with operating standards and terms and conditions imposed by the franchisor of the hotel brand, Embassy Suites . Failure by us, our TRS Lessees or any hotel management company that we engage to maintain these standards or other terms and conditions could result in the franchise license being canceled or the franchisor requiring us to undertake a costly property improvement program. If the franchise license is terminated due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment, which we expect could be as high as approximately 6.0 million based on operating performance through December 31, 2022. In addition, our franchisor may impose upgraded or new brand standards, such as substantially upgrading the bedding, enhancing the complimentary breakfast or increasing the value of guest awards under its frequent guest program, which can add substantial expense for the hotel. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the franchisor may require us to make certain capital improvements to maintain the hotel in accordance with system standards, the cost of which can be substantial and may adversely affect our results of operations and reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and unitholders. 
 Embassy Suites , our franchisor, has a right of first offer with respect to the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites , which may limit our ability to obtain the highest price possible for the hotel. 
 Pursuant to the terms of our franchise agreement for the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites , the franchisor has a right of first offer to purchase the hotel if we propose to sell all or a portion of the hotel or any interest therein. In the event that we choose to dispose of the hotel, we would be required to notify the franchisor, prior to offering the hotel to any other potential buyer, of the price and conditions on which we would be willing to sell the hotel, and the franchisor would have the right, within 30 days of receiving such notice, to make an offer to purchase the hotel. If the franchisor makes an offer to purchase that is equal to or greater than the price and on substantially the same terms set forth in our notice, then we will be obligated to sell the hotel to the franchisor at that price and on those terms. If the franchisor makes an offer to purchase for less than the price stated in our notice or on less favorable terms, then we may reject the franchisor's offer. The existence of this right of first offer could adversely impact our ability to obtain the highest possible price for the hotel as, during the term of the franchise agreement, we would not be able to offer the hotel to potential purchasers through a competitive bid process or in a similar manner designed to maximize the value obtained for the property without first offering to sell this property to the franchisor. 
 
 17 

Our real estate development activities are subject to risks particular to development, such as unanticipated expenses, delays and other contingencies, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We may engage in development and redevelopment activities with respect to certain of our properties. To the extent that we do so, we will be subject to the following risks associated with such development and redevelopment activities (including as they may relate to the ongoing impact of COVID-19): 
 unsuccessful development or redevelopment opportunities could result in direct expenses to us; 
 construction or redevelopment costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project less profitable than originally estimated, or unprofitable; 
 time required to complete the construction or redevelopment of a project or to lease up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated, thereby adversely affecting our cash flow and liquidity; 
 contractor and subcontractor disputes, strikes, labor disputes or supply disruptions; 
 failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; 
 delays with respect to obtaining or the inability to obtain necessary zoning, occupancy, land use and other governmental permits, and changes in zoning and land use laws; 
 occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; 
 our ability to dispose of properties developed or redeveloped with the intent to sell could be impacted by the ability of prospective buyers to obtain financing given the current state of the credit markets; and 
 the availability and pricing of financing to fund our development activities on favorable terms or at all. 
 These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of development or redevelopment activities once undertaken, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed, and the loss of one or more of our key personnel could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and to implement our growth strategies, or could create a negative perception in the capital markets. 
 Our continued success and our ability to manage anticipated future growth depend, in large part, upon the efforts of key personnel, particularly Messrs. Rady, Barton and Wyll who have extensive market knowledge and relationships and exercise substantial influence over our operational, financing, acquisition and disposition activity. Among the reasons that these individuals are important to our success is that each has a national or regional industry reputation that attracts business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with lenders, existing and potential tenants and industry personnel. If we lose their services, our relationships with such personnel could diminish. 
 Our Board has implemented an emergency succession plan in case of the sudden or unanticipated resignation, termination, death or temporary or permanent disability of Mr. Rady, or otherwise in case Mr. Rady is unable to perform his duties as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This plan is reviewed at least annually by our Board with input from our Nominating and Governance Committee and currently includes Dr. Robert Sullivan (Board member), Mr. Barton and Mr. Wyll, as potential interim candidates for the roles of Chairman and/or Chief Executive Officer and/or as emergency interim executive committee members. 
 Many of our other senior executives also have extensive experience and strong reputations in the real estate industry, which aid us in identifying opportunities, having opportunities brought to us and negotiating with tenants and build-to-suit prospects. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team, or our inability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities and weaken our relationships with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants and industry participants, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Mr. Rady is involved in outside businesses, which may interfere with his ability to devote time and attention to our business and affairs. 
 We rely on our senior management team, including Mr. Rady, for the day-to-day operations of our business. Our employment agreement with Mr. Rady requires him to devote a substantial portion of his business time and attention to our business. Mr. Rady continues to serve as our chairman of the board of directors and president of American Assets, Inc. and chairman of the board of directors of Insurance Company of the West. As such, Mr. Rady has certain ongoing duties to American Assets, Inc., Insurance Company of the West and other business ventures that could require a portion of his time and attention. Although we expect that Mr. Rady will continue to devote a majority of his business time and attention to us, we 
 
 18 

cannot accurately predict the amount of time and attention that will be required of Mr. Rady to perform such ongoing duties. To the extent that Mr. Rady is required to dedicate time and attention to American Assets, Inc. and/or Insurance Company of the West, his ability to devote a majority of his business time and attention to our business and affairs may be limited and could adversely affect our operations. 
 We may be subject to on-going or future litigation and otherwise in the ordinary course of business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We may be subject to on-going litigation at our properties and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. We generally intend to vigorously defend ourselves; however, we cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of currently asserted claims or of those that may arise in the future. Resolution of these types of matters against us may result in our having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements, which, if uninsured, or if the fines, judgments, and settlements exceed insured levels, could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows, thereby having an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and/or adversely impact our ability to attract officers and directors. 
 Potential losses from earthquakes in California, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii may not be fully covered by insurance. 
 Many of the properties we currently own are located in California, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii, which are areas especially subject to earthquakes. While we carry earthquake insurance on all of our properties, the amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover losses from earthquakes and will be subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments. In addition, we may reduce or discontinue earthquake insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any such policies exceeds, in our judgment, the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. As a result, in the event of an earthquake, we may be required to incur significant costs, and, to the extent that a loss exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. 
 We may be adversely affected by laws, regulations or other issues related to climate change. 
 We may become subject to laws or regulations related to climate change, which could cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to be impacted adversely. The federal government has enacted, and some of the states and localities in which we operate may enact, certain climate change laws and regulations or have begun regulating carbon footprints and greenhouse gas emissions. Although these laws and regulations have not had any known material adverse effects on our business to date, they could result in substantial costs, including compliance costs, increased energy costs, retrofit costs and construction costs, including monitoring and reporting costs, and capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and other new equipment. Furthermore, our reputation could be negatively affected if we violate climate change laws or regulations. We cannot predict how future laws and regulations, or future interpretations of current laws and regulations, related to climate change will affect our properties, business, results of operations and financial condition. Lastly, the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes global weather patterns, which could include local changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperature averages or extremes. These impacts may adversely affect our properties, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change may adversely impact our properties directly, and may lead to additional compliance obligations and costs as well as additional taxes and fees . 
 We cannot reliably predict the extent, rate, or impact of climate change. As such, the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes in global weather patterns, which could include local changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperature averages or extremes. Further, population migration may occur in response to these or other factors and negatively impact our properties. Climate and other environmental changes may result in volatile or decreased demand for space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate certain properties at all. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of insurance, or making insurance unavailable. Although we strive to identify, analyze, and respond to the risk and 
 
 19 

opportunities that climate change presents, at this time, there can be no assurance that climate change will not have an adverse effect on the value of our properties and our financial performance. 
 Geographic concentration of our properties makes our business more vulnerable to natural disasters, severe weather conditions and climate change. 
 A significant number of our properties are located in areas that are susceptible to earthquakes, tropical storms, tornadoes, wildfires, and sea-level rise due to climate change, and other natural disasters. At December 31, 2022, 57 of the gross leaseable area of our portfolio is located in the State of California. Additionally, 14 , 13 , and 8 of the gross leaseable area of our portfolio is located in the States of Washington, Oregon and Texas, respectively, and we have a meaningful presence in Oahu, Hawaii. Insurance costs for properties in these areas have increased, and recent intense weather conditions may cause property insurance premiums to increase significantly in the future. We recognize that the frequency and/or intensity of extreme weather events, sea-level rise, and other climatic changes may continue to increase, and as a result, our exposure to these events may increase. These weather conditions may disrupt our business and the business of our tenants, which may affect the ability of some tenants to pay rent and may reduce the willingness of tenants or residents to remain in or move to these affected areas. Therefore, as a result of the geographic concentration of our properties, we face risks, including disruptions to our business and the businesses of our tenants and higher costs, such as uninsured property losses, higher insurance premiums, and potential additional regulatory requirements by government agencies in response to perceived risks. 
 We may not be able to rebuild our existing properties to their existing specifications if we experience a substantial or comprehensive loss of such properties. 
 In the event that we experience a substantial or comprehensive loss of one of our properties, we may not be able to rebuild such property to its existing specifications. Further, reconstruction or improvement of such a property would likely require significant upgrades to meet zoning and building code requirements. Environmental and legal restrictions could also restrict the rebuilding of our properties. For example, if we experienced a substantial or comprehensive loss of our Torrey Reserve Campus in San Diego, California, reconstruction could be delayed or prevented by the California Coastal Commission, which regulates land use in the California coastal zone. 
 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers' financial condition and disputes between us and our co-venturers. 
 We may co-invest in the future with other third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Consequently, with respect to any such arrangement we may enter into in the future, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives, and they may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. In addition, a sale or transfer by us to a third party of our interests in the joint venture may be subject to consent rights or rights of first refusal, in favor of our joint venture partners, which would in each case restrict our ability to dispose of our interest in the joint venture. Where we are a limited partner or non-managing member in any partnership or limited liability company, if such entity takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. Our joint ventures may be subject to debt and, in the current volatile credit market, the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls. 
 Increased competition and increased affordability of residential homes could limit our ability to retain our residents, lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents at our multifamily apartment communities. 
 Our multifamily apartment communities compete with numerous housing alternatives in attracting residents, including other multifamily apartment communities and single-family rental homes, as well as owner occupied single and multifamily homes. Competitive housing in a particular area and an increase in the affordability of owner occupied single and multifamily homes due to, among other things, housing prices, oversupply, mortgage interest rates and tax incentives and government 
 
 20 

programs to promote home ownership, could adversely affect our ability to retain residents, lease apartment homes and increase or maintain rents. 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control and may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could limit our ability, among other things, to meet our capital and operating needs or make the cash distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, including any net capital gains. Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, from operating cash flow. Consequently, we intend to rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs. We may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms or at all and any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage and likelihood of default. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on: 
 general market conditions; 
 the market's perception of our growth potential; 
 our current debt levels; 
 our current and expected future earnings; 
 our cash flow and cash distributions; and 
 the market price per share of our common stock. 
 If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, meet the capital and operating needs of our existing properties, satisfy our debt service obligations or make the cash distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 We rely on information technology in our operations, and any breach, interruption or security failure of that technology could have a negative impact on our business, operations and/or financial condition. 
 Information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails and/or employees or third-parties with access to our systems. We face the risk of ransomware or other cyber-attacks aimed at disrupting the availability of systems, applications, networks or data important to our business operations. 
 Our information technology, or IT, networks and related systems, are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. 
 Additionally, we collect and hold personal information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing activities at our multifamily locations. We also collect and hold personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. In addition, we engage third-party service providers that may have access to such personal information in connection with providing business services to us, whether through our own IT networks and related systems, or through the third-party service providers IT networks and related systems. 
 
 We mitigate the risk of disruptions, breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures including (among others) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems, and to test and verify their proper and secure operations on a periodic basis. 
 There can be no assurance that our efforts to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability and controls of our (or our third-party service providers') IT networks and related data and systems will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our (or our third-party service providers') IT networks and related systems could materially and adversely impact our income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service our debt obligations, the market price of our common stock, our ability to pay dividends and/or other distributions to our shareholders and unitholders. A security breach could additionally cause the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information (including personal information of our residents and/or employees) and damage to our reputation. 
 
 21 

Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with real estate assets and the real estate industry, including local oversupply, reduction in demand or adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of properties, which could decrease revenues or increase costs, which would adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to make expected distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders depends on our ability to generate revenues in excess of expenses, scheduled principal payments on debt and capital expenditure requirements. Events and conditions generally applicable to owners and operators of real property that are beyond our control may decrease cash available for distribution and the value of our properties. These events include many of the risks set forth above under Risks Related to Our Business and Operations, as well as the following: 
 local oversupply or reduction in demand for office, retail, multifamily or mixed-use space; 
 adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of properties; 
 vacancies or our inability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below market renewal options, and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space; 
 increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities, real estate taxes and state and local taxes; 
 a favorable interest rate environment that may result in a significant number of potential residents of our multifamily apartment communities deciding to purchase homes instead of renting; 
 rent control or stabilization laws, or other laws regulating rental housing, which could prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs; 
 civil unrest, acts of war, terrorist attacks, pandemics and natural disasters, including earthquakes, wildfires, tropical storms, hurricanes, tornadoes and floods, which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses; 
 decreases in the underlying value of our real estate; 
 changing submarket demographics; and 
 changing traffic patterns. 
 In addition, periods of economic downturn or recession, inflation, rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases, which would adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 
 The real estate investments made, and to be made, by us are relatively difficult to sell quickly. As a result, our ability to promptly sell one or more properties in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. Return of capital and realization of gains, if any, from an investment generally will occur upon disposition or refinancing of the underlying property. We may be unable to realize our investment objectives by sale, other disposition or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time or may otherwise be unable to complete any exit strategy. In particular, our ability to dispose of one or more properties within a specific time period is subject to weakness in or even the lack of an established market for a property, changes in the financial condition or prospects of prospective purchasers, changes in national or international economic conditions, such as the recent economic downturn, and changes in laws, regulations or fiscal policies of jurisdictions in which the property is located. 
 In addition, the Code imposes restrictions on a REIT's ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the tax laws applicable to REITs effectively require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forgo or defer sales of properties that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes or reassessment, which would adversely impact our cash flows. 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some state and local taxes on our properties. The real property taxes on our properties may increase as property tax rates change or as our properties 
 
 22 

are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. If the property taxes we pay increase, our cash flow would be adversely impacted, and our ability to pay any expected dividends to our stockholders and unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 As an owner of real estate, we could incur significant costs and liabilities related to environmental matters. 
 Under various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for costs and damages resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, waste or petroleum products at, on, in, under or migrating from such property, including costs to investigate, clean up such contamination and liability for harm to natural resources. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. These liabilities could be substantial and the cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or other costs could exceed the value of the property and/or our aggregate assets. In addition, the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability for costs of remediation and/or personal or property damage or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop our properties or to borrow using the properties as collateral. In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. 
 Some of our properties have been or may be impacted by contamination arising from current or prior uses of the property, or adjacent properties, for commercial or industrial purposes. Such contamination may arise from spills of petroleum or hazardous substances or releases from tanks used to store such materials. For example, Del Monte Center is currently undergoing the final stages of remediation of dry cleaning solvent contamination from a former onsite dry cleaner, which entails the long term ground monitoring by the appropriate regulatory agency over the next five to seven years. The prior owner of Del Monte Center entered into a fixed fee environmental services agreement in 1997 pursuant to which the remediation will be completed for approximately 3.5 million, with the remediation costs paid for through funds held in an escrow account funded by the prior owner. We expect that the funds in this escrow account will cover all remaining costs and expenses of the environmental remediation. However, if the Regional Water Quality Control Board - Central Coast Region were to require further work costing more than the remaining escrowed funds, we could be required to pay such overage although we may have a claim for such costs against the prior owner or our environmental remediation consultant. In addition to the foregoing, we possess Phase I Environmental Site Assessments for certain of the properties in our portfolio, these assessments are limited in scope (e.g., they do not generally include soil sampling, subsurface investigations or hazardous materials survey) and may have failed to identify all environmental conditions or concerns. Furthermore, we do not have Phase I Environmental Site Assessment reports for all of the properties in our portfolio and, as such, we may not be aware of all potential or existing environmental contamination liabilities at the properties in our portfolio. As a result, we could potentially incur material liability for these issues, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 As the owner of the buildings on our properties, we could face liability for the presence of hazardous materials (e.g., asbestos or lead) or other adverse conditions (e.g., poor indoor air quality) in our buildings. Environmental laws govern the presence, maintenance, and removal of hazardous materials in buildings, and if we do not comply with such laws, we could face fines for such noncompliance. Also, we could be liable to third parties (e.g., occupants of the buildings) for damages related to exposure to hazardous materials or adverse conditions in our buildings, and we could incur material expenses with respect to abatement or remediation of hazardous materials or other adverse conditions in our buildings. In addition, some of our tenants routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations at our properties, which are subject to regulation. Such environmental and health and safety laws and regulations could subject us or our tenants to liability resulting from these activities. Environmental liabilities could affect a tenant's ability to make rental payments to us, and changes in laws could increase the potential liability for noncompliance. This may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise materially and adversely affect our operations, or those of our tenants, which could in turn have an adverse effect on us. 
 We cannot assure you that costs or liabilities incurred as a result of environmental issues will not affect our ability to make distributions to you or that such costs or other remedial measures will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. If we do incur material environmental liabilities in the future, we may face significant remediation costs, and we may find it difficult to sell any affected properties. 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. 
 
 23 

When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury is alleged to have occurred. 
 We may incur significant costs complying with various federal, state and local laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our properties. 
 The properties in our portfolio are subject to various covenants and federal, state and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing requirements. Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers may restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials or restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials of community standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking renovations of any of our existing properties. Among other things, these restrictions may relate to fire and safety, seismic or hazardous material abatement requirements. There can be no assurance that existing laws and regulatory policies will not adversely affect us or the timing or cost of any future acquisitions or renovations, or that additional regulations will not be adopted that increase such delays or result in additional costs. Our growth strategy may be affected by our ability to obtain permits, licenses and zoning relief. Our failure to obtain such permits, licenses and zoning relief or to comply with applicable laws could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 In addition, federal and state laws and regulations, including laws such as the ADA and the FHAA, impose further restrictions on our properties and operations. Under the ADA and the FHAA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Some of our properties may currently be in non-compliance with the ADA or the FHAA. If one or more of the properties in our portfolio is not in compliance with the ADA, the FHAA or any other regulatory requirements, we may be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance and we might incur governmental fines or be required to pay damages to private litigants. In addition, we do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether future requirements will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that will adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Ernest S. Rady and his affiliates, directly or indirectly, own a substantial beneficial interest in our company on a fully diluted basis and have the ability to exercise significant influence on our company and our Operating Partnership, including the approval of significant corporate transactions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Rady and his affiliates owned approximately 15.5 of our outstanding common stock and 19.4 of our outstanding common units, which together represent an approximate 34.7 beneficial interest in our company on a fully diluted basis. Consequently, Mr. Rady may be able to significantly influence the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder action, including the approval of significant corporate transactions, including business combinations, consolidations and mergers. In addition, we may not, without prior limited partner approval, directly or indirectly transfer all or any portion of our interest in the Operating Partnership before the later of the death of Mr. Rady and the death of his wife, in connection with a merger, consolidation or other combination of our assets with another entity, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, a reclassification, recapitalization or change in any outstanding shares of our stock or other outstanding equity interests or an issuance of shares of our stock, in any case that requires approval by our common stockholders. As a result, Mr. Rady has substantial influence on us and could exercise his influence in a manner that conflicts with the interests of other stockholders. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of units in our Operating Partnership, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under Maryland law in connection with their management of our company. At the same time, we, as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, have fiduciary duties and obligations to our Operating Partnership and its limited partners 
 
 24 

under Maryland law and pursuant to the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our fiduciary duties and obligations as the general partner of our Operating Partnership may conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our company. 
 Under Maryland law, a general partner of a Maryland limited partnership has fiduciary duties of loyalty and care to the partnership and its partners and must discharge its duties and exercise its rights as general partner under the partnership agreement or Maryland law consistently with the obligation of good faith and fair dealing. The partnership agreement provides that, in the event of a conflict between the interests of our Operating Partnership or any partner, on the one hand, and the separate interests of our company or our stockholders, on the other hand, we, in our capacity as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, are under no obligation not to give priority to the separate interests of our company or our stockholders, and that any action or failure to act on our part or on the part of our directors that gives priority to the separate interests of our company or our stockholders that does not result in a violation of the contract rights of the limited partners of the Operating Partnership under its partnership agreement does not violate the duty of loyalty that we, in our capacity as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, owe to the Operating Partnership and its partners. 
 Additionally, the partnership agreement provides that we will not be liable to the Operating Partnership or any partner for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived by the Operating Partnership or any limited partner, except for liability for our intentional harm or gross negligence. Our Operating Partnership must indemnify us, our directors and officers, officers of our Operating Partnership and our designees from and against any and all claims that relate to the operations of our Operating Partnership, unless (1) an act or omission of the person was material to the matter giving rise to the action and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) the person actually received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of the partnership agreement or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. Our Operating Partnership must also pay or reimburse the reasonable expenses of any such person upon its receipt of a written affirmation of the person's good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification has been met and a written undertaking to repay any amounts paid or advanced if it is ultimately determined that the person did not meet the standard of conduct for indemnification. Our Operating Partnership will not indemnify or advance funds to any person with respect to any action initiated by the person seeking indemnification without our approval (except for any proceeding brought to enforce such person's right to indemnification under the partnership agreement) or if the person is found to be liable to our Operating Partnership on any portion of any claim in the action. No reported decision of a Maryland appellate court has interpreted provisions similar to the provisions of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership that modify and reduce our fiduciary duties or obligations as the general partner or reduce or eliminate our liability for money damages to the Operating Partnership and its partners, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel as to the enforceability of the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to modify or reduce the fiduciary duties that would be in effect were it not for the partnership agreement. 
 Our charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Our charter contains certain ownership limits with respect to our stock. Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes our board of directors to take such actions as it determines are advisable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Our charter also prohibits the actual, beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than 7.275 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock or more than 7.275 in value of the aggregate outstanding shares of all classes and series of our stock, excluding any shares that are not treated as outstanding for federal income tax purposes. Our board of directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, may exempt a person, prospectively or retroactively, from these ownership limits if certain conditions are satisfied. Our board of directors has granted to each of (1) Mr. Rady (and certain of his affiliates), (2) Cohen Steers Management, Inc. and (3) BlackRock, Inc. an exemption from the ownership limits that will allow them to own, in the aggregate, up to 19.9 , 10.0 and 10.0 , respectively, in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock, subject to various conditions and limitations. The restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock may (a) discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests; or (b) result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 We could increase the number of authorized shares of stock, classify and reclassify unissued stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 
 Our board of directors, without stockholder approval, has the power under our charter to amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue, to 
 
 25 

authorize us to issue authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock into one or more classes or series of stock and set the terms of such newly classified or reclassified shares. As a result, we may issue series or classes of common stock or preferred stock with preferences, dividends, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the rights of holders of our common stock. Although our board of directors has no such intention at the present time, it could establish a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including (1) business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose fair price and/or supermajority and stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and (2) control share provisions that provide that control shares of our company (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. As permitted by the MGCL, our board of directors has, by board resolution, elected to opt out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL. However, we cannot assure you that our board of directors will not opt to be subject to such business combination provisions of the MGCL in the future. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions, some of which (e.g., a classified board) are not currently applicable to us. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price. Our charter contains a provision whereby we elected to be subject to certain provisions the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. 
 Certain provisions in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions of us. 
 Provisions in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay, or make more difficult, unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes of our control. These provisions could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or change of our control, although some stockholders might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. These provisions include, among others: 
 redemption rights of qualifying parties; 
 a requirement that we may not be removed as the general partner of our Operating Partnership without our consent; 
 transfer restrictions on common units; 
 our ability, as general partner, in some cases, to amend the partnership agreement and to cause the Operating Partnership to issue units with terms that could delay, defer or prevent a merger or other change of control of us or our Operating Partnership without the consent of the limited partners; and 
 the right of the limited partners to consent to direct or indirect transfers of the general partnership interest, including as a result of a merger or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, in the event that such transfer requires approval by our common stockholders. 
 In particular, we may not, without prior partnership approval, directly or indirectly transfer all or any portion of our interest in our Operating Partnership, before the later of the death of Mr. Rady and the death of his wife, in connection with a 
 
 26 

merger, consolidation or other combination of our assets with another entity, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, a reclassification, recapitalization or change in any outstanding shares of our stock or other outstanding equity interests or an issuance of shares of our stock, in any case that requires approval by our common stockholders. The partnership approval requirement is satisfied, with respect to such a transfer, when the sum of (1) the percentage interest of limited partners consenting to the transfer of our interest, plus (2) the product of (a) the percentage of the outstanding common units held by us multiplied by (b) the percentage of the votes that were cast in favor of the event by our common stockholders equals or exceeds the percentage required for our common stockholders to approve the event resulting in the transfer. As of December 31, 2022, the limited partners, including Mr. Rady and his affiliates and our other executive officers and directors, owned approximately 22.7 of our outstanding common units and approximately 20.9 of our outstanding common stock, which together represent an approximate 37.5 beneficial interest in our company on a fully diluted basis. 
 Our charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership and Maryland law also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 Our board of directors may change our investment and financing policies without stockholder approval and we may become more highly leveraged, which may increase our risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 Our investment and financing policies are exclusively determined by our board of directors. Accordingly, our stockholders do not control these policies. Further, our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. Our board of directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder approval. If this policy changed, we could become more highly leveraged which could result in an increase in our debt service. Higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations. In addition, a change in our investment policies, including the manner in which we allocate our resources across our portfolio or the types of assets in which we seek to invest, may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, real estate market fluctuations and liquidity risk. Changes to our policies with regards to the foregoing could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 As permitted by Maryland law, our charter eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from (1) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or (2) a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company, your ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. 
 We are a holding company with no direct operations and, as such, we will rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership to pay liabilities, and the interests of our stockholders will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities and obligations of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 
 We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our Operating Partnership. We do not have, apart from an interest in our Operating Partnership, any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to pay any dividends we might declare on shares of our common stock. We also rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to meet our obligations, including any tax liability on taxable income allocated to us from our Operating Partnership. In addition, because we are a holding company, claims of stockholders are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries will be available to satisfy the claims of our stockholders only after all of our and our Operating Partnership's and its subsidiaries' liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 
 Our Operating Partnership may issue additional partnership units to third parties without the consent of our stockholders, which would reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership and would have a dilutive effect on the amount of distributions made to us by our Operating Partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 We may, in connection with our acquisition of properties or otherwise, issue additional partnership units to third parties. Such issuances would reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership and affect the amount of distributions made to us by our Operating Partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to American Assets Trust, 
 
 27 

Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. To the extent that our stockholders do not directly own partnership units, our stockholders will not have any voting rights with respect to any such issuances or other partnership level activities of our Operating Partnership. 
 Our operating structure subjects us to the risk of increased hotel operating expenses. 
 Our lease with our TRS Lessee requires our TRS Lessee to pay us rent based in part on revenues from the Waikiki Beach Walk-Embassy Suites . Our operating risks include decreases in hotel revenues and increases in hotel operating expenses, which would adversely affect our TRS Lessee's ability to pay us rent due under the lease, including but not limited to the increases in: 
 wage and benefit costs; 
 repair and maintenance expenses; 
 energy costs; 
 property taxes; 
 insurance costs; and 
 other operating expenses. 
 Increases in these operating expenses can have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 Future sales of common stock or common units by our directors and officers, or their pledgees, as a result of margin calls or foreclosures could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could, in the future, result in a loss of control of our company. 
 Our directors and officers may pledge shares of common stock or common units owned or controlled by them as collateral for loans or for margin purposes in favor of third parties. Depending on the status of the various loan obligations for which the stock or units ultimately serve as collateral and the trading price of our common stock, our directors and/or officers, and their affiliates, may experience a foreclosure or margin call that could result in the sale of the pledged stock or units, in the open market or otherwise. Unlike for our directors and officers, sales by these pledgees may not be subject to the volume limitations of Rule 144 of the Securities Act. A sale of pledged stock or units by pledgees could result in a loss of control of our company, depending upon the number of shares of stock or units sold and the ownership interests of other stockholders. In addition, sale of these shares or units, or the perception of possible future sales, could have a materially adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital through sales of equity securities. 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our common stock. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT and believe we are organized and operate in a manner that has allowed us to qualify and will allow us to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2011. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, that we qualify as a REIT. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we have qualified as a REIT, or that we will remain qualified as such in the future. If we lose our REIT status, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to you for each of the years involved because: 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to the regular U.S. federal corporate income tax rate (and we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018); 
 we also could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 
 unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. 
 Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. In addition, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders. As a result of all these factors, our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and could materially and adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 28 

Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Code, or the Treasury Regulations, is greater in the case of a REIT that, like us, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, requirements regarding the composition of our assets and requirements regarding the sources of our gross income. Also, we must make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, excluding net capital gains. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may materially adversely affect our investors, our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. 
 Even if we maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, state and local income, property and excise taxes on our income or property and, in certain cases, a 100 penalty tax, in the event we sell property as a dealer. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiaries will be subject to tax as regular corporations in the jurisdictions they operate. 
 If our Operating Partnership failed to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. 
 We believe that our Operating Partnership is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, our Operating Partnership is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including us, is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, its share of our Operating Partnership's income. We cannot be assured, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of our Operating Partnership or any other subsidiary partnership in which we own an interest, as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating our Operating Partnership or any such other subsidiary partnership as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, we would likely cease to qualify as a REIT. Also, the failure of our Operating Partnership or any subsidiary partnerships to qualify as a partnership could cause it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including us. 
 The asset tests applicable to REITs limit our ability to own taxable REIT subsidiaries, and we will be required to pay a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our taxable REIT subsidiaries are not conducted on arm's length terms. 
 We own an interest in one taxable REIT subsidiary and may acquire securities in additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a corporation other than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. If a taxable REIT subsidiary owns more than 35 of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a taxable REIT subsidiary may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent REIT. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax as a regular C corporation. In addition, a 100 excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm's length basis. 
 Not more than 20 of the value of a REIT s total assets may be represented by the securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A REIT's ownership of securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary is not subject to the 5 or 10 asset tests applicable to REITs. Not more than 25 of a REIT's total assets may be represented by securities (including securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries), other than those securities includable in the 75 asset test. We anticipate that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of our taxable REIT subsidiaries and other nonqualifying assets will be less than 25 of the value of our total assets, and we will monitor the value of these investments to ensure compliance with applicable ownership limitations. In addition, we intend to structure our transactions with our taxable REIT subsidiaries to ensure that they are entered into on arm's length terms to avoid incurring the 100 excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with these ownership limitations or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions, and the unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 
 29 

To maintain our REIT status, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our net taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income each year, including net capital gains. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. In order to maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from, among other things, differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market's perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the market price of our common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 We may in the future choose to make dividends payable partly in our common stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our net taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains. In order to preserve cash to repay debt or for other reasons, we may choose to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements by distributing taxable dividends that are payable partly in our stock and partly in cash. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, such sales may have an adverse effect on the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 The maximum tax rate applicable to dividends treated as qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the 20 rate. Although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the per share trading price of our common stock. Non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, generally may deduct 20 of dividends from a REIT, other than capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, such stockholders may not claim this deduction with respect to dividends paid by us. 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may affect our profitability and may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the nature and diversification of our assets, the sources of our income and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. We may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under certain statutory relief provisions. We also may be required to make distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or 
 
 30 

American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. As a result, having to comply with the distribution requirement could cause us to: (1) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (2) borrow on unfavorable terms; or (3) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. Accordingly, satisfying the REIT requirements could have an adverse effect on our business results, profitability and ability to execute our business plan. Moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to REITs or may be subject to a 100 tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on our investors or us, including our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 
 The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our investors or us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 COVID-19 and governmental or business restrictions intended to prevent its spread could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders. 
 The continuing impacts of COVID-19 and governmental or business restrictions intended to prevent its spread remain highly unpredictable and volatile and have had a significant adverse impact on economic and market conditions around the world during the last three years, including in the United States and specifically in the markets in which we own properties (including development projects). The severity and specific impacts of COVID-19 continue to evolve, including with respect to current and future variants of COVID-19. There is considerable uncertainty regarding, among other things, (i) the extent to which COVID-19 and its variants will continue to spread, (ii) the extent and duration of governmental or business measures aimed to contain the virus, such as instituting quarantines, restrictions on travel, shelter in place rules, stay-at-home orders, density limitations, social distancing measures, restrictions on business operations and/or construction projects (including, for some types of business operations and construction projects, possible required shut-downs) and (iii) whether any such measures that have been lifted will be reinstated, or whether more restrictive measures will be imposed. As a result, we may not be able to avoid adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders. For instance we have previously seen a material reduction in rent collections from certain tenants, particularly retail tenants, as a result of such measures. There can be no assurance as to how long any restrictions intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 may remain in place in the states and cities where we own properties. If any such restrictions remain in place for an extended period of time, we may experience further reductions in rents from our tenants. 
 During 2022, we continued to provide lease concessions to certain tenants, primarily within the retail segment, in the form of rent abatements in recognition of the adverse impact that COVID-19 has had on them. As of December 31, 2022, we have entered into lease modifications that resulted in COVID-19-related adjustments (including rent abatements and other monetary lease concessions) for approximately 1 of the rent originally contracted for the year ended December 31, 2022. Although we are and will continue to be actively engaged in rent collection efforts related to uncollected rent, as well as working with certain tenants who may request rent deferrals (particularly those occupying retail space), we can provide no assurance that such efforts or our efforts in future periods will be successful. In addition, we are and will continue to be actively engaged in discussions with certain tenants regarding the adverse impacts of COVID-19 and related governmental restrictions on their businesses, and may afford certain additional accommodations to such tenants. 
 The ongoing impacts of COVID-19, including future mutations and related variants of the virus, could have significant adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders in a variety of ways that are difficult to predict. Such adverse impacts could depend on, among other factors: 
 
 the financial condition of our tenants and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full on a timely basis; 
 state, local, federal and industry-initiated efforts that may adversely affect landlords, including us, and their ability to collect rent and/or enforce remedies for the failure to pay rent; 
 
 31 

our need to defer or forgive rent and restructure leases with our tenants and our ability to do so on favorable terms or at all; 
 significant job losses in the industries of our tenants, which may decrease demand for our office and retail space, causing market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 
 increased working from home as a result of COVID-19, which may decrease demand for office space causing market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 
 our ability to stabilize our development projects, renew leases or re-lease available space in our proprieties on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of a general decrease in demand for our office and retail space and occupancy in our hotel, deterioration in the economic and market conditions in the markets in which we own properties or due to restrictions intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 that frustrate our leasing activities; 
 a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets, all of which have already experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility, or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions, may affect our or our tenants ability to access capital necessary to fund our respective business operations or replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, on attractive terms or at all and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities, any of which could affect our and our tenants ability to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements; 
 a refusal or failure of one or more lenders under our revolving line of credit to fund their respective financing commitments to us may affect our ability to access capital necessary to fund our business operations and to meet our liquidity and capital expenditure requirements; 
 the ability of potential buyers of properties identified for potential future capital recycling transactions to obtain debt financing, which has been and may continue to be constrained for some potential buyers; 
 a reduction in the values of our properties that could result in impairments or limit our ability to dispose of them at attractive prices or obtain debt financing secured by our properties; 
 complete or partial shutdowns of one or more of our tenants manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruptions in our tenants supply chains from local, national and international suppliers or delays in the delivery of products, services or other materials necessary for our tenants operations, which could force our tenants to reduce, delay or eliminate offerings of their products and services, reduce or eliminate their revenues and liquidity and/or result in their bankruptcy or insolvency; 
 our ability to avoid delays or cost increases associated with building materials or construction services necessary for construction that could adversely impact our ability to continue or complete construction as planned, on budget or at all; 
 our and our tenants ability to manage our respective businesses to the extent our and their management or personnel are impacted in significant numbers by COVID-19 and are not willing, available or allowed to conduct work; 
 certain of our tenants filing for bankruptcy due to financial hardships they suffered as a result of COVID-19; and 
 our and our tenants ability to ensure business continuity in the event our continuity of operations plan is not effective or improperly implemented or deployed to the extent necessary due to the unpredictable impacts of COVID-19. 
 The continuing, unpredictable development of the impacts of COVID-19, restrictions intended to prevent its spread, and the volatile financial, economic and capital markets environment present material risks and uncertainties with respect to our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders and could also have a material adverse effect on the market value of our securities. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

32 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our Portfolio 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operating portfolio was comprised of 31 office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties with an aggregate of approximately 7.2 million rentable square feet of office and retail space (including mixed-use retail space), 2,110 residential units (including 120 RV spaces) and a 369-room hotel. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we owned land at three of our properties that we classified as held for development or construction in progress. 
 Retail and Office Portfolios Property Location Year Built/ Renovated Number of Buildings Net Rentable Square Feet Percentage Leased Annualized 
 Base Rent (1) 
 Annualized Base Rent Per Leased Square Foot OFFICE PROPERTIES La Jolla Commons San Diego, CA 2008/2014 2 724,648 99.0 44,541,508 62.09 Torrey Reserve Campus San Diego, CA 1996-2000/2014-2016/2021 14 547,035 95.2 24,544,722 47.13 Torrey Point 
 San Diego, CA 2017 2 93,264 96.8 5,426,536 60.11 Solana Beach Corporate Centre 
 Solana Beach, CA 1982/2005 4 224,009 85.1 7,887,387 41.38 The Landmark at One Market (2) 
 San Francisco, CA 1917/2000 1 422,426 100.0 39,562,897 93.66 One Beach Street San Francisco, CA 1924/1972/1987/1992 1 100,270 First Main Portland, OR 2010 1 360,314 95.0 10,984,368 32.09 Lloyd Portfolio Portland, OR 1940-2015 3 547,864 89.5 16,684,740 34.03 City Center Bellevue Bellevue, WA 1987 1 496,357 89.7 24,963,482 56.07 Eastgate Office Park Bellevue, WA 1985 4 281,204 64.7 7,284,888 40.04 Corporate Campus East III Bellevue, WA 1986 4 159,578 85.0 5,818,665 42.90 Bel-Spring 520 Bellevue, WA 1983 2 93,295 69.4 2,571,405 39.71 Subtotal / Weighted Average Office Portfolio (3) 
 39 4,050,264 88.9 190,270,598 52.84 RETAIL PROPERTIES Carmel Country Plaza San Diego, CA 1991 9 78,098 87.6 3,667,449 53.61 Carmel Mountain Plaza (4) 
 San Diego, CA 1994/2014 15 528,416 99.3 13,318,240 25.38 South Bay Marketplace (4) 
 San Diego, CA 1997 9 132,877 100.0 2,499,291 18.81 Gateway Marketplace San Diego, CA 1997/2016 3 127,861 100.0 2,663,055 20.83 Lomas Santa Fe Plaza Solana Beach, CA 1972/1997 9 208,297 97.7 6,329,685 31.10 Solana Beach Towne Centre Solana Beach, CA 1973/2000/2004 12 246,651 96.2 6,554,948 27.63 Del Monte Center (4) 
 Monterey, CA 1967/1984/2006 16 673,155 82.3 9,253,568 16.70 Geary Marketplace Walnut Creek, CA 2012 3 35,159 95.6 1,221,287 36.33 The Shops at Kalakaua Honolulu, HI 1971/2006 3 11,671 77.7 1,032,073 113.81 Waikele Center Waipahu, HI 1993/2008 9 418,047 100.0 12,298,465 29.42 Alamo Quarry Market (4) 
 San Antonio, TX 1997/1999 16 588,148 94.1 14,418,643 26.05 Hassalo on Eighth - Retail (5) 
 Portland, OR 2015 3 44,236 65.5 943,261 32.55 Subtotal / Weighted Average Retail Portfolio (1) 
 107 3,092,616 93.5 74,199,965 25.66 Total / Weighted Average Retail and Office Portfolio (1) 
 146 7,142,880 90.9 264,470,563 40.73 
 Mixed-Use Portfolio Retail Portion Location Year Built/ Renovated Number of Buildings Net Rentable Square Feet Percent Leased Annualized Base Rent Annualized Base Rent Per Leased Square Foot Waikiki Beach Walk Retail Honolulu, HI 2006 3 93,925 93.8 8,785,614 99.72 
 Hotel Portion Location Year Built/ Renovated Number of Buildings Units Average Occupancy Average Daily Rate Revenue per Available Room Waikiki Beach Walk Embassy Suites TM 
 Honolulu, HI 2008/2014/2020 2 369 76.9 367.97 282.99 
 
 33 

Multifamily Portfolio 
 Property Location Year Built/ Renovated Number of Buildings Units Percentage Leased Annualized Base Rent Average Monthly Base Rent per Leased Unit Loma Palisades San Diego, CA 1958/2001 - 2008/2021 80 548 94.3 16,734,228 2,699 Imperial Beach Gardens Imperial Beach, CA 1959/2008 26 160 91.3 4,539,336 2,590 Mariner s Point Imperial Beach, CA 1986 8 88 94.3 2,202,696 2,212 Santa Fe Park RV Resort (6) 
 San Diego, CA 1971/2007-2008 1 124 96.0 2,043,288 1,430 Pacific Ridge Apartments San Diego, CA 2013 3 533 88.6 20,721,768 3,657 Hassalo on Eighth - Multifamily (5) 
 Portland, OR 2015 3 657 91.3 11,482,272 1,595 Total / Weighted Average Multifamily 121 2,110 91.8 57,723,588 2,483 
 
 (1) Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying base rental payments (defined as cash base rents (before abatements)) under commenced leases for the month ended December 31, 2022 by 12. In the case of triple net or modified gross leases, annualized base rent does not include tenant reimbursements for real estate taxes, insurance, common area or other operating expenses. The foregoing notwithstanding: 
 a. The annualized base rent for La Jolla Commons has been adjusted for this presentation to reflect that the contractual triple net leases were instead structured as modified gross leases, by adding the contractual annualized triple net base rent of 33,834,361 to our estimate of annual triple net operating expenses of 10,707,147 for an estimated annualized base rent on a modified gross lease basis of 44,541,508 for La Jolla Commons. 
 b. The annualized base rent for Eastgate Office Park has been adjusted for this presentation to reflect that the contractual triple net leases were instead structured as modified gross leases, by adding the contractual annualized triple net base rent of 5,221,371 to our estimate of annual triple net operating expenses of 2,063,517 for an estimated annualized base rent on a modified gross lease basis of 7,284,888 for Eastgate Office Park. 
 c. The annualized base rent for Corporate Campus East III has been adjusted for this presentation to reflect that the contractual triple net leases were instead structured as modified gross leases, by adding the contractual annualized triple net base rent of 4,286,679 to our estimate of annual triple net operating expenses of 1,531,986 for an estimated annualized base rent on a modified gross lease basis of 5,818,665 for Corporate Campus East III. 
 d. The annualized base rent for Bel-Spring 520 has been adjusted for this presentation to reflect that the contractual triple net leases were instead structured as modified gross leases, by adding the contractual annualized triple net base rent of 1,970,275 to our estimate of annual triple net operating expenses of 601,131 for an estimated annualized base rent on a modified gross lease basis of 2,571,406 for Bel-Spring 520. 
 (2) This property contains 422,426 net rentable square feet consisting of The Landmark at One Market (378,206 net rentable square feet) as well as a separate long-term leasehold interest in approximately 44,220 net rentable square feet of space located in an adjacent six-story leasehold known as the Annex. We currently lease the Annex from an affiliate of the Paramount Group pursuant to a long-term master lease effective through June 30, 2026, which we have the option to extend until 2031 pursuant to one remaining five-year extension option. 
 (3) Lease data for signed but not commenced leases as of December 31, 2022 is in the following table: 
 Leased Square Feet Annualized Base Pro Forma Annualized Under Signed But Annualized Rent per Base Rent per Not Commenced Leases (a) Base Rent (b) Leased Square Foot (b) Leased Square Foot (c) Office Portfolio 84,437 4,498,255 53.27 54.09 Retail Portfolio 47,335 1,577,101 33.32 26.21 Total Retail and Office Portfolio 131,772 6,075,356 46.11 41.67 
 
 (a) Office portfolio leases signed but not commenced of 27,753, 39,266 and 17,418 square feet are expected to commence during the first, second and third quarters of 2023, respectively. Retail portfolio leases signed but not commenced of 4,264, 11,300, 11,350, 19,433 and 988 square feet are expected to commence during the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2023 and the fourth quarter of 2024, respectively. 
 (b) Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying base rental payments (defined as cash base rents (before abatements)) for signed but not commenced leases as of December 31, 2022 by 12. In the case of triple net or modified gross leases, annualized base rent does not include tenant reimbursements for real estate taxes, insurance, common area or other operating expenses. Annualized base rent per leased square foot is calculated by dividing annualized base rent, by square footage for signed by not commenced leases. 
 (c) Pro forma annualized base rent is calculated by dividing annualized base rent for commenced leases and for signed but not commenced leases as of December 31, 2022, by square footage under lease as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Net rentable square feet at certain of our retail properties includes square footage leased pursuant to ground leases, as described in the following table: Property Number of Ground Leases Square Footage Leased Pursuant to Ground Leases (a) Aggregate Annualized Base Rent Carmel Mountain Plaza 5 17,607 763,098 South Bay Marketplace 1 2,824 114,552 Del Monte Center 1 212,500 96,000 Alamo Quarry Market 3 20,694 410,151 
 (a) 2,912 square feet of the ground leases at Carmel Mountain Plaza expire during the third quarter of 2023, with no extension options as of December 31, 2022 
 (5) The Hassalo on Eighth property is comprised of three multifamily buildings, each with a ground floor retail component: Velomor, Aster Tower and Elwood. 
 
 34 

(6) The Santa Fe Park RV Resort is subject to seasonal variation, with higher rates of occupancy occurring during the summer months. The number of units at the Santa Fe Park RV Resort includes 120 RV spaces and four apartments. 
 In the tables above: 
 The net rentable square feet for each of our retail properties and the retail portion of our mixed-use property is the sum of (1) the square footages of existing leases, plus (2) for available space, the field-verified square footage. The net rentable square feet for each of our office properties is the sum of (a) the square footages of existing leases, plus (b) for available space, management's estimate of net rentable square feet based, in part, on past leases. The net rentable square feet included in such office leases is generally determined consistently with the Building Owners and Managers Association, or BOMA, 2010 measurement guidelines. Net rentable square footage may be adjusted from the prior period to reflect re-measurement of leased space at the properties. 
 Percentage leased for each of our retail and office properties and the retail portion of the mixed-use property is calculated as square footage under leases as of December 31, 2022, divided by net rentable square feet, expressed as a percentage. The square footage under lease includes leases which may not have commenced as of December 31, 2022. Percentage leased for our multifamily properties is calculated as total units rented as of December 31, 2022, divided by total units available, expressed as a percentage. 
 Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying base rental payments (defined as cash base rents, before abatements) for the month ended December 31, 2022, by 12. Annualized base rent per leased square foot is calculated by dividing annualized base rent, by square footage under lease as of December 31, 2022. In the case of triple net or modified gross leases, annualized base rent does not include tenant reimbursements for real estate taxes, insurance, common area or other operating expenses. Total abatements for leases in effect as of December 31, 2022 for our retail and office portfolio equaled approximately 8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total abatements for leases in effect as of December 31, 2022 for our mixed-use portfolio equaled approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total abatements for leases in effect as of December 31, 2022 for our multifamily portfolio equaled approximately 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Units represent the total number of units available for sale or rent at December 31, 2022. 
 Average occupancy represents the percentage of available units that were sold during the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022, and is calculated by dividing the number of units sold by the product of the total number of units and the total number of days in the period. Average daily rate represents the average rate paid for the units sold and is calculated by dividing the total room revenue (i.e., excluding food and beverage revenues or other hotel operations revenues such as telephone, parking and other guest services) for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022, by the number of units sold. Revenue per available room, or RevPAR, represents the total unit revenue per total available units for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022 and is calculated by multiplying average occupancy by the average daily rate. RevPAR does not include food and beverage revenues or other hotel operations revenues such as telephone, parking and other guest services. 
 Average monthly base rent per leased unit represents the average monthly base rent per leased units as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 35 

Tenant Diversification 
 At December 31, 2022, our operating portfolio had approximately 834 leases with office and retail tenants, of which 10 expired on December 31, 2022 and there were 22 that had not yet commenced as of such date. Our residential properties had 1,818 leases with residential tenants at December 31, 2022, excluding Santa Fe Park RV Resort. The retail portion of our mixed-use property had approximately 60 leases with retailers. Only one tenant or affiliated group of tenants accounted for more than 9.4 of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022 for our office, retail and retail portion of our mixed-use property portfolio. The following table sets forth information regarding the 25 tenants with the greatest annualized base rent for our combined office, retail and retail portion of our mixed-use property portfolios as of December 31, 2022. Tenant Property(ies) Lease Expiration Total Leased Square Feet Rentable Square Feet as a Percentage of Total Annualized 
 Base Rent (1) 
 Annualized Base Rent as a Percentage of Total Google LLC The Landmark at One Market 12/31/2029 253,198 3.5 25,651,314 9.4 LPL Holdings, Inc. La Jolla Commons 4/30/2029 421,001 5.8 19,305,775 7.1 Autodesk, Inc. The Landmark at One Market 12/31/2023 12/31/2027 138,615 1.9 12,965,599 4.7 Smartsheet, Inc. City Center Bellevue 12/31/2026 4/30/2029 123,041 1.7 6,830,332 2.5 Illumina, Inc. La Jolla Commons 10/31/2027 73,176 1.0 4,609,212 1.7 VMware, Inc City Center Bellevue 3/31/2028 75,000 1.0 4,447,886 1.6 Lowe's Waikele Center 5/31/2028 155,000 2.1 3,720,000 1.4 Clearesult Operating, LLC First Main 4/30/2025 101,848 1.4 3,382,042 1.2 Industrious City Center Bellevue 4/30/2033 3/31/2034 55,256 0.8 3,111,931 1.1 State of Oregon: Department of Environmental Quality Lloyd District Portfolio 10/31/2031 87,787 1.2 2,935,024 1.1 Top technology tenant (2) La Jolla Commons 8/31/2030 47,826 0.7 2,737,440 1.0 Genentech, Inc Lloyd District Portfolio 10/31/2026 66,852 0.9 2,337,632 0.9 MEI Pharma, Inc. Torrey Reserve Campus 11/30/2029 45,088 0.6 2,266,536 0.8 Internal Revenue Service First Main 8/31/2030 63,648 0.9 2,189,700 0.8 Sprouts Farmers Market Solana Beach Towne Centre, Carmel Mountain Plaza, Geary Marketplace 6/30/2024 3/31/2025 9/30/2032 71,431 1.0 2,121,187 0.8 California Bank Trust Torrey Reserve Campus 2/28/2024 34,731 0.5 2,034,559 0.7 WeWork Lloyd District Portfolio 1/31/2032 55,395 0.8 1,998,131 0.7 Veterans Benefits Administration First Main 8/31/2030 74,885 1.0 1,997,006 0.7 Perkins Coie, LLP Torrey Reserve Campus 12/31/2028 36,980 0.5 1,915,389 0.7 Nordstrom Rack Carmel Mountain Plaza, Alamo Quarry Market 9/30/2027 10/31/2027 69,047 1.0 1,804,269 0.7 Troutman Sanders, LLP Torrey Reserve Campus First Main 3/31/2025 4/30/2025 33,812 0.5 1,798,680 0.7 Marshalls Solana Beach Towne Centre, Carmel Mountain Plaza 1/31/2025 1/31/2029 68,055 0.9 1,728,228 0.6 Banner Corporation Corporate Campus East III 10/31/2027 46,572 0.6 1,583,448 0.6 Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, LLP Torrey Reserve Campus 11/30/2033 26,152 0.4 1,474,973 0.5 Cisco Systems, Inc. City Center Bellevue 2/28/2023 25,689 0.4 1,426,234 0.5 TOTAL 2,250,085 31.1 116,372,527 42.5 

(1) Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying (i) base rental payments (defined as cash base rents before abatements) for the month ended December 31, 2022 for the applicable lease(s) by (ii) 12. 
 (2) Name withheld at tenant's request. 

36 

Geographic Diversification 
 Our properties are located in Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii. The following table shows the number of properties, the net rentable square feet and the percentage of total portfolio net rentable square footage in each region as of December 31, 2022. Our six multifamily properties are excluded from the table below and are located in Southern California and Portland, Oregon. The hotel portion of our mixed-use property is also excluded and is located in Hawaii. 
 Region Number of Properties Net Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Net Rentable Square Feet (1) 
 Southern California 10 2,911,156 40.2 Northern California 4 1,231,010 17.0 Washington 4 1,030,434 14.2 Oregon 3 952,414 13.2 Texas 1 588,148 8.1 Hawaii (2) 
 3 523,643 7.2 Total 25 7,236,805 100.0 
 
 (1) Percentage of Net Rentable Square Feet is calculated based on the total net rentable square feet available in our retail portfolio, office portfolio and the retail portion of our mixed-use portfolio. 
 (2) Includes the retail portion related to the mixed-use property. 
 Segment Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the total property operating income for each of our segments for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 
 Segment Number of Properties Property Operating Income Percentage of Property Operating Income Office 12 145,913 54.0 Retail 12 70,606 26.1 Mixed-Use 1 31,883 11.8 Multifamily 6 21,813 8.1 Total 31 270,215 100.0 
 Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth a summary schedule of the lease expirations for leases in place as of December 31, 2022, plus available space, for each of the ten calendar years beginning January 1, 2023 at the properties in our retail portfolio, office portfolio and the retail portion of our mixed-use portfolio. The square footage of available space excludes the space from 13 leases that terminated on December 31, 2022. In 2023, we expect a similar level of leasing activity for new and expiring leases compared to prior years with overall positive increases in rental income. However, changes in rental income associated with individual signed leases on comparable spaces may be positive or negative, and we can provide no assurance that the rents on new leases will continue to increase at the above disclosed levels, if at all. 
 
 37 

The lease expirations for our multifamily portfolio and the hotel portion of our mixed-use portfolio are excluded from this table because multifamily unit leases generally have lease terms ranging from seven to 15 months, with a majority having 12-month lease terms, and because rooms in the hotel are rented on a nightly basis. The information set forth in the table assumes that tenants do not exercise any renewal options. 
 Year of Lease Expiration Square Footage of Expiring Leases Percentage of Portfolio Net Rentable Square Feet Annualized Base 
 Rent (1) 
 Percentage of Portfolio Annualized Base Rent Annualized Base Rent Per Leased Square Foot (2) 
 Available 655,974 9.1 Month to Month 81,211 1.1 918,795 0.4 11.31 2023 495,608 6.8 25,605,784 9.9 51.67 2024 774,422 10.7 28,504,521 11.0 36.81 2025 648,046 9.0 23,516,747 9.1 36.29 2026 641,173 8.9 25,381,358 9.8 39.59 2027 831,859 11.5 33,430,534 12.9 40.19 2028 961,495 13.3 26,153,158 10.1 27.20 2029 1,063,288 14.7 58,172,606 22.5 54.71 2030 285,949 4.0 12,089,145 4.7 42.28 2031 279,759 3.9 10,462,653 4.0 37.40 2032 207,678 2.9 6,397,112 2.5 30.80 Thereafter 173,197 2.4 7,719,987 3.0 44.57 Signed Leases Not Commenced 137,146 1.9 Total: 7,236,805 100.0 258,352,400 100.0 35.70 
 
 (1) Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying base rental payments (defined as cash base rents (before abatements)) for the month ended December 31, 2022 for the leases expiring during the applicable period, by 12. 
 (2) Annualized base rent per leased square foot is calculated by dividing annualized base rent for leases expiring during the applicable period by square footage under such expiring leases. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material or which, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation if determined adversely to us. We may be subject to ongoing litigation and we expect to otherwise be party from time to time to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 38 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. Market Information and Holders 
 Shares of American Assets Trust, Inc.'s common stock are listed on the NYSE under the symbol AAT . On February 3, 2023, we had 78 stockholders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 There is no established trading market for American Assets Trust, L.P.'s operating partnership units. As of February 3, 2023, we had 20 holders of record of American Assets Trust, L.P.'s operating partnership units, including American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 Distribution Policy 
 We pay and intend to continue to pay regular quarterly dividends to holders of our common stock and distributions to unitholders of our Operating Partnership and to make dividend distributions that will enable us to meet the distribution requirements applicable to REITs and to eliminate or minimize our obligation to pay income and excise taxes. Dividend amounts depend on our available cash flows, financial condition and capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 No unregistered equity securities were sold by us during 2022. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 No equity securities were purchased by us during 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference in Item 12 of Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

39 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The information below shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Item 201 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return on the company s common stock with that of the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index, or S P 500 Index, and an industry peer group, S P 600 Real Estate Index from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. We changed our industry index comparison to be consistent with the index comparison in our long-term equity incentive awards and also due to the change in our overall portfolio with the acquisition, development and redevelopment of multiple office projects. Our previous industry peer group was Dow Jones Equity All REIT Index, since the SNL US REIT Equity Index was retired in August 2021. The stock price performance graph assumes that an investor invested 100 in each of American Assets Trust, Inc. and these indices, and the reinvestment of any dividends. The comparisons in the graph are provided in accordance with the SEC disclosure requirements and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of the future performance of American Assets Trust, Inc. shares of common stock. 

40 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 41 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited historical consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. As used in this section, unless the context otherwise requires, we, us, our, and our company mean American Assets Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, including American Assets Trust, L.P. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to American Assets Trust, Inc. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors or elsewhere in this document. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Overview 
 Our Company 
 We are a full service, vertically integrated and self-administered REIT that owns, operates, acquires and develops high quality office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties in attractive, high-barrier-to-entry markets in Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon, Texas, and Hawaii. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was comprised of twelve office properties; twelve retail shopping centers; a mixed-use property consisting of a 369-room all-suite hotel and a retail shopping center; and six multifamily properties. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we owned land at three of our properties that we classified as held for development or construction in progress. Our core markets include San Diego, California; the San Francisco Bay Area, California; Bellevue; Washington; Portland, Oregon, and Oahu, Hawaii. American Assets Trust, Inc., as the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, has control of our Operating Partnership and owned 78.8 of our Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we consolidate the assets, liabilities and results of operations of our Operating Partnership. 
 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiary 
 On November 5, 2010, we formed American Assets Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation that is wholly owned by our Operating Partnership and which we refer to as our services company. We have elected, together with our services company, to treat our services company as a taxable REIT subsidiary for federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary generally may provide non-customary and other services to our tenants and engage in activities that we may not engage in directly without adversely affecting our qualification as a REIT, provided a taxable REIT subsidiary may not operate or manage a lodging facility or provide rights to any brand name under which any lodging facility is operated. We may form additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future, and our Operating Partnership may contribute some or all of its interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries or their assets to our services company. Any income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries will not be included in our taxable income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests, except to the extent such income is distributed to us as a dividend, in which case such dividend income will qualify under the 95 , but not the 75 , gross income test. Because a taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax and state and local income tax (where applicable) as a regular corporation, the income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries generally will be subject to an additional level of tax as compared to the income earned by our other subsidiaries. 

Outlook 
 
 We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, and cash flows primarily through a combination of the following: growth in our same-store portfolio, growth in our portfolio from property development and redevelopments and expansion of our portfolio through property acquisitions. Our properties are located in some of the nation's most dynamic, high-barrier-to-entry markets primarily in Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii, which we believe allow us to take advantage of redevelopment opportunities that enhance our operating performance through renovation, expansion, reconfiguration, and/or retenanting. We evaluate our properties on an ongoing basis to identify these types of opportunities. 
 
 We intend to opportunistically pursue projects in our development pipeline including future phases of La Jolla Commons and Lloyd Portfolio, as well as other redevelopments at Waikele Center. The commencement of these developments is based on, among other things, market conditions and our evaluation of whether such opportunities would generate appropriate risk adjusted financial returns. Our redevelopment and development opportunities are subject to various factors, including market conditions and may not ultimately come to fruition. We continue to review acquisition opportunities in our primary markets that would complement our portfolio and provide long-term growth opportunities. Some of our acquisitions do not initially contribute significantly to earnings growth; however, we believe they provide long-term re-leasing growth, redevelopment opportunities and other strategic opportunities. Any growth from acquisitions is contingent on our ability to find properties that meet our qualitative standards at prices that meet our financial hurdles. Changes in interest rates may affect our success in 
 
 42 

achieving earnings growth through acquisitions by affecting both the price that must be paid to acquire a property, as well as our ability to economically finance a property acquisition. Generally, our acquisitions are initially financed by available cash, mortgage loans and/or borrowings under our credit facility, which may be repaid later with funds raised through the issuance of new equity or new long-term debt. 

COVID-19 
 
 We continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies, including how it has impacted and may in the future impact our tenants and business partners. We are unable to predict the future impact that COVID-19 will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. These uncertainties include the scope, severity and duration of the impacts of COVID-19 (including future mutations of the COVID-19 virus), the ongoing governmental, business and individual actions taken to stop the spread of COVID-19 or to mitigate its impact, the availability and adoption of COVID-19 vaccines and the direct and indirect economic effects of the virus and containment measures, among others. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including the United States, has significantly adversely impacted global economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. The global impact of COVID-19 continues to rapidly evolve. Certain states and cities, including where we own properties, have development sites and where our principal place of business is located, have at various points in time, reacted by instituting quarantines, restrictions on travel, "stay-at-home" orders or shelter in place rules, social distancing measures, and restrictions on business operations and/or construction projects (including, required shut-downs in some instances), and, even if such measures have been lifted, we cannot predict whether they will be reinstated or whether more restrictive measures may be imposed. It is unclear how customers concerns about COVID-19 transmission and sensitivities to the transmission of other diseases will impact their willingness to visit certain of our tenants' businesses. As a result, COVID-19 has negatively impacted almost every industry directly or indirectly, including industries in which the Company and our tenants operate, and may continue to do so. Further, the impacts of a potential worsening of global economic conditions and the continued disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets, consumer spending as well as other unanticipated consequences remain unknown. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our tenants and other business partners in the future; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. 
 
 We believe our financial condition and liquidity are currently strong. Although there is uncertainty related to COVID-19 s impact on our future results, we believe our efficient business model and steps we have taken to strengthen our balance sheet will continue to allow us to manage our business through this evolving crisis. We continue to manage all aspects of our business including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our tenants, vendors, and other third-party relationships, and developing new opportunities for growth. Due to the constantly changing nature of COVID-19, we cannot reasonably estimate with any degree of certainty the future impacts it may have on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Same-store 
 
 We have provided certain information on a total portfolio, same-store and redevelopment same-store basis. Information provided on a same-store basis includes the results of properties that we owned and operated for the entirety of both periods being compared except for properties for which significant redevelopment or expansion occurred during either of the periods being compared, properties under development, properties classified as held for development and properties classified as discontinued operations. Information provided on a redevelopment same-store basis includes the results of properties undergoing significant redevelopment for the entirety or portion of both periods being compared. Same-store and redevelopment same-store is considered by management to be an important measure because it assists in eliminating disparities due to the development, acquisition or disposition of properties during the particular period presented, and thus provides a more consistent performance measure for the comparison of the company's stabilized and redevelopment properties, as applicable. Additionally, redevelopment same-store is considered by management to be an important measure because it assists in evaluating the timing of the start and stabilization of our redevelopment opportunities and the impact that these redevelopments have in enhancing our operating performance. 
 While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, we typically reclassify significant development, redevelopment or expansion properties to same-store properties once they are stabilized. Properties are deemed stabilized typically at the earlier of (1) reaching 90 occupancy or (2) four quarters following a property's inclusion in operating real estate. We typically remove properties from same-store properties when the development, redevelopment or expansion has or is expected to have a significant impact on the property's annualized base rent, occupancy and operating income within the calendar year. Acquired properties are classified to same-store properties once we have owned such properties for the entirety of comparable period(s) and the properties are not under significant development or expansion. 

43 

In our determination of same-store and redevelopment same-store properties, One Beach Street has been identified as a same-store redevelopment property due to significant construction activity. 
 
 Below is a summary of our same-store composition for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the designations for the year ended December 31, 2021, Waikiki Beach Walk-Retail and Embassy Suites Hotel is reclassified to same-store due to significant spalling repair activity impacting the hotel portion of the property's operations, which was completed on September 30, 2020. Eastgate Office Park is classified as non-same-store, as it was acquired on July 7, 2021. Corporate Campus East III is classified as non-same-store, as it was acquired on September 10, 2021. Bel-Spring 520 is classified as non-same-store, as it was acquired on March 8, 2022. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, when compared to the designations for the year ended December 31, 2020, Waikele Center was reclassified to same-store as there is currently no redevelopment activity on the property. La Jolla Commons was classified as same-store, as it was acquired on June 20, 2019. Eastgate Office Park is classified as non-same-store, as it was acquired on July 7, 2021. Corporate Campus East III is classified as non-same-store, as it was acquired on September 10, 2021. December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Same-Store 27 26 24 Non-Same Store 4 4 4 Total Properties 31 30 28 Redevelopment Same-Store 28 27 26 Total Development Properties 3 3 3 

Revenue Base 
 Rental income consists of scheduled rent charges, straight-line rent adjustments and the amortization of above market and below market rents acquired. We also derive revenue from tenant recoveries and other property revenues, including parking income, lease termination fees, late fees, storage rents and other miscellaneous property revenues. 
 Office Leases . Our office portfolio included twelve properties with a total of approximately 4.1 million rentable square feet available for lease as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, these properties were 88.9 leased. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the office segment contributed 48.1 of our total revenue. Historically, we have leased office properties to tenants primarily on a full service gross or a modified gross basis and to a limited extent on a triple-net lease basis. We expect to continue to do so in the future. A full-service gross or modified gross lease has a base year expense stop, whereby the tenant pays a stated amount of certain expenses as part of the rent payment, while future increases in property operating expenses (above the base year stop) are billed to the tenant based on such tenant's proportionate square footage of the property. The increased property operating expenses billed are reflected as operating expenses and amounts recovered from tenants are reflected as rental income in the statements of operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we signed 64 office leases for 475,401 square feet with an average rent of 60.16 per square foot during the initial year of the lease term. Of the leases, 43 represent comparable leases where there was a prior tenant, with an increase of 17.1 in cash basis rent and an increase of 21.7 in straight-line rent compared to the prior leases. 
 Retail Leases . Our retail portfolio included twelve properties with a total of approximately 3.1 million rentable square feet available for lease as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, these properties were 93.5 leased. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the retail segment contributed 23.9 , of our total revenue. Historically, we have leased retail properties to tenants primarily on a triple-net lease basis, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. In a triple-net lease, the tenant is responsible for all property taxes and operating expenses. As such, the base rent payment does not include any operating expense, but rather all such expenses, to the extent they are paid by the landlord, are billed to the tenant. The full amount of the expenses for this lease type, to the extent they are paid by the landlord, is reflected in operating expenses, and the reimbursement is reflected as rental income in the statements of operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we signed 91 retail leases for 390,425 square feet with an average rent of 32.96 per square foot during the initial year of the lease term, including leases signed for the retail portion of our mixed-use 
 
 44 

property. Of the leases, 69 represent comparable leases where there was a prior tenant, with an increase of 5.1 in cash basis rent and an increase of 17.2 in straight-line rent compared to the prior leases. 
 Multifamily Leases . Our multifamily portfolio included six apartment properties, as well as an RV resort, with a total of 2,110 units (including 120 RV spaces) available for lease as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, these properties were 91.8 leased. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the multifamily segment contributed 13.8 of our total revenue. Our multifamily leases, other than at our RV resort, generally have lease terms ranging from 7 to 15 months, with a majority having 12-month lease terms. Tenants normally pay a base rental amount, usually quoted in terms of a monthly rate for the respective unit. Spaces at the RV resort can be rented at a daily, weekly, or monthly rate. The average monthly base rent per leased unit as of December 31, 2022 was 2,483, compared to 2,201 at December 31, 2021. 
 Mixed-Use Property Revenue . Our mixed-use property consists of approximately 94,000 rentable square feet of retail space and a 369-room all-suite hotel. Revenue from the mixed-use property consists of revenue earned from retail leases, and revenue earned from the hotel, which consists of room revenue, food and beverage services, parking and other guest services. As of December 31, 2022, the retail portion of the property was 93.8 leased, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the hotel had an average occupancy of 76.9 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the mixed-use segment contributed 14.2 , of our total revenue. We have leased the retail portion of such property to tenants primarily on a triple-net lease basis, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As such, the base rent payment under such leases does not include any operating expenses, but rather all such expenses, to the extent they are paid by the landlord, are billed to the tenant. Rooms at the hotel portion of our mixed-use property are rented on a nightly basis. 
 
 Leasing 
 
 Our same-store growth is primarily driven by increases in rental rates on new leases and lease renewals and changes in portfolio occupancy. Over the long-term, we believe that the infill nature and strong demographics of our properties provide us with a strategic advantage, allowing us to maintain relatively high occupancy and increase rental rates. Furthermore, we believe the locations of our properties and diversified portfolio will mitigate some of the potentially negative impact of the current economic environment. In the short-term, however, due to COVID-19, we have seen a meaningful negative impact on certain of our tenants' operations and ability to pay rent, primarily in the retail sector; and any reduction in our tenants' abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent or other charges, including as a result of COVID-19, will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we signed 64 office leases for a total of 475,401 square feet of office space including 352,925 square feet of comparable space leases, at an average rental rate increase of 17.1 on a cash basis and an average rental increase of 21.7 on a straight-line basis. New office leases for comparable spaces were signed for 45,842 square feet at an average rental rate increase of 22.5 on a cash basis and an average rental rate increase of 44.3 on a straight-line basis. Renewals for comparable office spaces were signed for 307,083 square feet at an average rental rate increase of 16.4 on a cash basis and increase of 18.9 on a straight-line basis. Tenant improvements and incentives were 55.06 per square foot of office space for comparable new leases for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. There were 11.39 per square foot of office space of tenant improvement or incentives for comparable renewal leases for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we signed 91 retail leases for a total of 390,425 square feet of retail space including 319,660 square feet of comparable space leases, at an average rental rate increase of 5.1 on a cash basis and an average rental increase of 17.2 on a straight-line basis. New retail leases for comparable spaces were signed for 14,511 square feet at an average rental rate increase of 16.0 on a cash basis and an average rental rate increase of 701.9 (due to the modification of prior tenants' rent to cash-basis, which precluded straight-line rent for comparison) on a straight-line basis. Renewals for comparable retail spaces were signed for 305,149 square feet at an average rental rate increase of 4.5 on a cash basis and an increase of 9.3 on a straight-line basis. Tenant improvements and incentives were 32.87 per square foot of retail space for comparable new leases for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. There were 3.18 per square foot of retail space of tenant improvement or incentives for comparable renewal leases for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The rental increases associated with comparable spaces generally include all leases signed in arms-length transactions reflecting market leverage between landlords and tenants during the period. The comparison between average rent for expiring leases and new leases is determined by including minimum rent and percentage rent paid on the expiring lease and minimum rent and, in some instances, projections of first lease year percentage rent, to be paid on the new lease. In some instances, management exercises judgment as to how to most effectively reflect the comparability of spaces reported in this calculation. The change in rental income on comparable space leases is impacted by numerous factors including current market rates, location, individual tenant creditworthiness, use of space, market conditions when the expiring lease was signed, capital 
 
 45 

investment made in the space and the specific lease structure. Tenant improvements and incentives include the total dollars committed for the improvement of a space as it relates to a specific lease, but may also include base building costs (i.e., expansion, escalators or new entrances) which are required to make the space leasable. Incentives include amounts paid to tenants as an inducement to sign a lease that do not represent building improvements. 
 
 The leases signed in 2022 will typically become effective in 2023, though some may not become effective until 2024. Further, there is risk that some new tenants will not ultimately take possession of their space and that tenants for both new and renewal leases may not pay all of their contractual rent due to operating, financing or other matters. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses. These estimates are prepared using management's best judgment, after considering past and current events and economic conditions. In addition, information relied upon by management in preparing such estimates includes internally generated financial and operating information, external market information, when available, and when necessary, information obtained from consultations with third party experts. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A discussion of possible risks which may affect these estimates is included in the section above entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report; however, the most critical accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates and assumptions as to future uncertainties and, therefore, may result in actual amounts that differ from estimates, are as follows: 

46 

Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable 
 Our leases with tenants are classified as operating leases. Substantially all such leases contain fixed rent escalations which occur at specified times during the term of the lease. Base rents are recognized on a straight-line basis from when the tenant controls the space through the term of the related lease, net of valuation adjustments, based on management's assessment of credit, collection and other business risks. When we determine that we are the owner of tenant improvements and the tenant has reimbursed us for a portion or all of the tenant improvement costs, we consider the amount paid to be additional rent, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related lease. For first generation tenants, in instances in which we fund tenant improvements and the improvements are deemed to be owned by us, revenue recognition will commence when the improvements are substantially completed and possession or control of the space is turned over to the tenant. When we determine that the tenant is the owner of tenant improvements, tenant allowances are recorded as lease incentives and we commence revenue recognition and lease incentive amortization when possession or control of the space is turned over to the tenant for tenant work to begin. Percentage rents, which represent additional rents based upon the level of sales achieved by certain tenants, are recognized at the end of the lease year or earlier if we have determined the required sales level is achieved and the percentage rents are collectible. Real estate tax and other cost reimbursements are recognized on an accrual basis over the periods in which the related expenditures are incurred. 
 Other property income includes parking income, general excise tax billed to tenants, fees charged to tenants at our multifamily properties and food and beverage sales at the hotel portion of our mixed-use property. Other property income is recognized when we satisfy performance obligations as evidenced by the transfer of control of our services to customers. For a tenant to terminate its lease agreement prior to the end of the agreed term, we may require that they pay a fee to cancel the lease agreement. Lease termination fees for which the tenant has relinquished control of the space are generally recognized on the later of the termination date or the satisfaction of all conditions precedent to the lease termination, including, without limitation, payment of all lease termination fees. When a lease is terminated early but the tenant continues to control the space under a modified lease agreement, the lease termination fee is generally recognized evenly over the remaining term of the modified lease agreement. 
 Current accounts receivable from tenants primarily relate to contractual minimum rent and percentage rent as well as real estate tax and other cost reimbursements. Accounts receivable from straight-line rent is typically longer term in nature and relates to the cumulative amount by which straight-line rental income recorded to date exceeds cash rents billed to date under the contractual lease agreement. 
 We recognize revenue on the hotel portion of our mixed-use property from the rental of hotel rooms and guest services when we satisfy performance obligations as evidenced by the transfer of control when the rooms are occupied and services have been provided. Food and beverage sales are recognized when the customer has been served or at the time the transaction occurs. Revenue from room rental is included in rental revenue on the statement of comprehensive income. Revenue from other sales and services provided is included in other property income on the statement of comprehensive income. 
 We make estimates of the collectability of our current accounts receivable and straight-line rents receivable which requires significant judgment by management. The collectability of receivables is affected by numerous different factors including current economic trends, including the continued impact of COVID-19 on tenant's businesses and changes in tenants' payment patterns, tenant bankruptcies, the status of collectability of current cash rents receivable, tenants' recent and historical financial and operating results, changes in our tenants' credit ratings, communications between our operating personnel and tenants, the extent of security deposits and letters of credits held with respect to tenants, and the ability of the tenant to perform under the terms of their lease agreement when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. If our assessment of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to collect substantially all rents, we recognize a charge to rental income and limit our rental income to the lesser of lease income on a straight-line basis plus variable rents when they become accruable or cash collected. If we change our conclusion regarding the probability of collecting rent payments required by a lessee, we may recognize an adjustment to rental income in the period we make a change to our prior conclusion. 
 
 Due to the nature of the accounts receivable from straight-line rents, the collection period of these amounts typically extends beyond one year. Our experience relative to unbilled straight-line rents is that a portion of the amounts otherwise recognizable as revenue is never billed to or collected from tenants due to early lease terminations, lease modifications, bankruptcies and other factors. Accordingly, the extended collection period for straight-line rents along with our evaluation of tenant credit risk may result in the nonrecognition of a portion of straight-line rental income until the collection of such income is reasonably assured. Any changes to our conclusion regarding these assessments of collectability would have a direct impact on our net income. 

47 

Since the onset of COVID-19 in 2020, we have provided lease concessions to certain tenants, primarily within the retail segment, in the form of rent deferrals and abatements in recognition of the adverse impact that COVID-19 had on such tenants, although the concessions provided during the year ended December 31, 2022 were immaterial to us. These lease concessions generally included an increase in our rights as a lessor. We assess each lease concession and determine whether it represents a lease modifications under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases ("ASC 842"). 
 Real Estate 
 Depreciation and maintenance costs relating to our properties constitute substantial costs for us. Land, buildings and improvements are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives range generally from 30 years to a maximum of 40 years on buildings and major improvements. Minor improvements, furniture and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over useful lives ranging from 3 to 15 years. Maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the useful lives of the related assets are charged to operations as incurred. Tenant improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the life of the related lease or their estimated useful life, whichever is shorter. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease, the undepreciated balance of any tenant improvements are written off if they are replaced or have no future value. Our estimates of useful lives have a direct impact on our net income. If expected useful lives of our real estate assets were shortened, we would depreciate the assets over a shorter time period, resulting in an increase to depreciation expense and a corresponding decrease to net income on an annual basis. 
 Acquisitions of properties are accounted for in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance on acquisitions and business combinations. Our methodology of allocating the cost of acquisitions to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on estimated fair values, replacement cost and appraised values. When we acquire operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land and buildings, intangibles such as in-place leases, and to current assets and liabilities acquired, if any. Such valuations include a consideration of the noncancelable terms of the respective leases as well as any applicable renewal period(s). The fair values associated with below market renewal options are determined based on a review of several qualitative and quantitative factors on a lease-by-lease basis at acquisition to determine whether it is probable that the tenant would exercise its option to renew the lease agreement. These factors include: (1) the type of tenant in relation to the property it occupies, (2) the quality of the tenant, including the tenant's long term business prospects, and (3) whether the fixed rate renewal option was sufficiently lower than the fair rental of the property at the date the option becomes exercisable such that it would appear to be reasonably assured that the tenant would exercise the option to renew. Each of these estimates requires a great deal of judgment, and some of the estimates involve complex calculations. These allocation assessments have a direct impact on our results of operations because if we were to allocate more value to land, there would be no depreciation with respect to such amount. If we were to allocate more value to the buildings, as opposed to allocating to the value of tenant leases, this amount would be recognized as an expense over a much longer period of time, since the amounts allocated to buildings are depreciated over the estimated lives of the buildings whereas amounts allocated to tenant leases are amortized over the remaining terms of the leases. 
 The value allocated to in-place leases is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The value of above and below market leases associated with the original noncancelable lease terms are amortized to rental income over the terms of the respective noncancelable lease periods and are reflected as either an increase (for below market leases) or a decrease (for above market leases) to rental income in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If a tenant vacates its space prior to contractual termination of its lease or the lease is not renewed, the unamortized balance of any in-place lease value is written off to rental income and amortization expense. The value of the leases associated with below market lease renewal options that are likely to be exercised are amortized to rental income over the respective renewal periods. We make assumptions and estimates related to below market lease renewal options, which impact revenue in the period in which the renewal options are exercised and could result in significant increases to revenue if the renewal options are not exercised at which time the related below market lease liabilities would be written off as an increase to revenue. 
 Transaction costs related to the acquisition of a business, such as broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred and included in general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For asset acquisitions not meeting the definition of a business, transaction costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. 
 
 48 

Capitalized Costs 
 
 Certain external and internal costs directly related to the development and redevelopment of real estate, including pre-construction costs, real estate taxes, insurance, interest, construction costs and salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved, are capitalized. We capitalize costs under development until construction is substantially complete and the property is held available for occupancy. The determination of when a development project is substantially complete and when capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. We consider a construction project as substantially complete and held available for occupancy upon the completion of landlord-owned tenant improvements or when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for construction of its own improvements, but not later than one year from cessation of major construction activity. We cease capitalization on the portion substantially completed and occupied or held available for occupancy, and capitalize only those costs associated with any remaining portion under construction. 
 
 We capitalized external and internal costs related to both development and redevelopment activities combined of 73.3 million and 53.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We capitalized external and internal costs related to other property improvements combined of 43.3 million and 40.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Interest costs on developments and major redevelopments are capitalized as part of developments and redevelopments not yet placed in service. Capitalization of interest commences when development activities and expenditures begin and end upon completion, which is when the asset is ready for its intended use as noted above. We make judgments as to the time period over which to capitalize such costs and these assumptions have a direct impact on net income because capitalized costs are not subtracted in calculating net income. If the time period for capitalizing interest is extended, more interest is capitalized, thereby decreasing interest expense and increasing net income during that period. We capitalized interest costs related to both development and redevelopment activities combined of 5.8 million and 3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Segment capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (dollars in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Segment Tenant Improvements and Leasing Commissions Maintenance Capital Expenditures Total Tenant Improvements, Leasing Commissions and Maintenance Capital Expenditures Redevelopment and Expansions New Development Total Capital Expenditures Office Portfolio 20,717 8,558 29,275 20,502 52,666 102,443 Retail Portfolio 6,631 5,527 12,158 19 12,177 Multifamily Portfolio 4,801 4,801 88 4,889 Mixed-Use Portfolio 350 1,296 1,646 1,646 Total 27,698 20,182 47,880 20,609 52,666 121,155 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Segment Tenant Improvements and Leasing Commissions Maintenance Capital Expenditures Total Tenant Improvements, Leasing Commissions and Maintenance Capital Expenditures Redevelopment and Expansions New Development Total Capital Expenditures Office Portfolio 38,309 11,334 49,643 16,486 26,987 93,116 Retail Portfolio 5,506 1,705 7,211 21 7,232 Multifamily Portfolio 9 5,702 5,711 130 5,841 Mixed-Use Portfolio 274 1,267 1,541 1,541 Total 44,098 20,008 64,106 16,637 26,987 107,730 

49 

The decrease in tenant improvements and leasing commissions for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to tenant buildouts at The Landmark at One Market and First Main completed in the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by new tenant buildouts at Torrey Reserve Campus, Carmel Mountain Plaza and Corporate Campus East III during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The increase in new development expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 21, 2021 was primarily related to costs incurred for the development of Tower 3 at La Jolla Commons. The increase in redevelopment expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily related to the modernization costs of One Beach Street. 
 Our capital expenditures during the year ending December 31, 2023 will depend upon acquisition opportunities, the level of improvements and redevelopments on existing properties and the timing and cost of development of our held for development and construction in progress properties. While the amount of future expenditures will depend on numerous factors, we expect expenditures incurred in the year ending December 31, 2023 to decrease from the year ending December 31, 2022 as we near completion of development activities at La Jolla Commons and renovations at One Beach Street. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 We may use derivative instruments to manage exposure to variable interest rate risk. We may enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to variable interest rate risk and treasury locks to manage the risk of interest rates rising prior to the issuance of debt. 
 Any interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. We assess effectiveness of our cash flow hedges both at inception and on an ongoing basis. The effective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income which is included in accumulated other comprehensive income on our consolidated balance sheet and our consolidated statement of equity. Our cash flow hedges become ineffective if critical terms of the hedging instrument and the debt instrument do not match, such as notional amounts, settlement dates, reset dates, calculation periods and the use of LIBOR or SOFR, as the case may be. In addition, we evaluate the default risk of the counterparty by monitoring the credit worthiness of the counterparty which includes reviewing debt ratings and financial performance. However, management does not anticipate non-performance by the counterparty. If a cash flow hedge is deemed ineffective, the ineffective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recognized in earnings in the period affected. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review for impairment on a property by property basis. Impairment is recognized on properties held for use when the expected undiscounted cash flows for a property are less than its carrying amount at which time the property is written-down to fair value. The calculation of both discounted and undiscounted cash flows requires management to make estimates of future cash flows including revenues, operating expenses, required maintenance and development expenditures, market conditions, demand for space by tenants and rental rates over long periods. Since our properties typically have a long life, the assumptions used to estimate the future recoverability of book value requires significant management judgment. Actual results could be significantly different from the estimates. These estimates have a direct impact on net income because recording an impairment charge results in a negative adjustment to net income. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. 
 Properties held for sale are recorded at the lower of the carrying amount or the expected sales price less costs to sell. Although our strategy is to hold our properties over the long-term, if our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized to reduce the property to fair value and such loss could be material. 
 No impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 50 

Income Taxes 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2011. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our net taxable income to our stockholders, excluding net capital gains, and meet the various other requirements imposed by the Code relating to such matters as operating results, asset holdings, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Provided we maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT, we are generally not subject to corporate level income tax on the earnings distributed currently to our stockholders. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT in any taxable year, and are unable to avail ourselves of certain savings provisions set forth in the Code, our taxable income generally would be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders or American Assets Trust, L.P.'s unitholders. 
 We, together with one of our subsidiaries, have elected to treat such subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary for federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal and state income taxes. 
 
 Property Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 2022 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 On March 8, 2022, we acquired Bel-Spring 520 , consisting of an approximately 93,000 square feet, multi-tenant office campus in Bellevue, Washington. The purchase price was approximately 45.5 million, less seller credits of approximately 0.1 million of future rent abatement, approximately 0.6 million of contractual tenant improvements and closing costs of approximately 0.1 million. 
 The property was acquired with cash on hand. 
 During 2022, there were no dispositions. 
 2021 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 On July 7, 2021, we acquired E astgate Office Park, consisting of an approximately 280,000 square feet, multi-tenant office campus in Bellevue, Washington. The purchase price was approximately 125 million, excluding closing costs of approximately 0.2 million. 
 On September 10, 2021, we acquired Corporate Campus East III in Bellevue, Washington, consisting of an approximately 161,000 square feet, multi-tenant office campus. The purchase price was approximately 84 million , less seller credits of approximately 1.1 million of future rent abatement approximately 2.1 million of contractual tenant improvements and closing costs of approximately 0.1 million. 
 The properties were acquired with cash on hand. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no dispositions. 
 2020 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, there were no acquisitions or dispositions. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 For our discussion of results of operations, we have provided information on a total portfolio and same-store basis. 
 For our discussion related to the results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal 2021 Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2022. 
 
 51 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our operating portfolio was comprised of 31 office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties with an aggregate of approximately 7.2 million rentable square feet of office and retail space (including mixed-use retail space), 2,110 residential units (including 120 RV spaces) and a 369-room hotel. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we owned land at three of our properties that we classified as held for development or construction in progress. As of December 31, 2021, our operating portfolio was comprised of 30 office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties with an aggregate of approximately 7.1 million rentable square feet of office and retail space (including mixed-use retail space), 2,110 residential units (including 120 RV spaces) and a 369-room hotel. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, we owned land at three of our properties that we classified as held for development or construction in progress. 
 
 The following table sets forth selected data from our consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Revenues Rental income 402,507 360,208 42,299 12 Other property income 20,141 15,620 4,521 29 Total property revenues 422,648 375,828 46,820 12 Expenses Rental expenses 107,645 86,980 20,665 24 Real estate taxes 44,788 42,794 1,994 5 Total property expenses 152,433 129,774 22,659 17 Net operating income 270,215 246,054 24,161 10 General and administrative (32,143) (29,879) (2,264) 8 Depreciation and amortization (123,338) (116,306) (7,032) 6 Interest expense (58,232) (58,587) 355 (1) Loss on early extinguishment of debt (4,271) 4,271 100 Other income (expense), net (625) (418) (207) 50 Net income 55,877 36,593 19,284 53 Net income attributable to restricted shares (648) (564) (84) 15 Net income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership 
 (11,723) (7,653) (4,070) 53 Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. stockholders 
 43,506 28,376 15,130 53 
 Revenue 
 Total property revenues. Total property revenue consists of rental revenue and other property income. Total property revenue increased 46.8 million, or 12 , to 422.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 375.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The percentage leased was as follows for each segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Percentage Leased (1) 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 Office 88.9 90.4 Retail 93.5 92.6 Multifamily 91.8 96.0 Mixed-Use (2) 
 93.8 89.6 
 
 52 

(1) The percentage leased includes the square footage under lease, including leases which may not have commenced as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, as applicable. 
 (2) Includes the retail portion of the mixed-use property only. 
 
 The increase in total property revenue was attributable primarily to the factors discussed below. 
 Rental revenues. Rental revenue includes minimum base rent, cost reimbursements, percentage rents and other rents. Rental revenue increased 42.3 million, or 12 , to 402.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 360.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Rental revenue by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Total Portfolio Same-Store Portfolio (1) 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Office 198,197 181,916 16,281 9 180,257 175,296 4,961 3 Retail 99,585 93,249 6,336 7 99,585 93,249 6,336 7 Multifamily 54,075 48,896 5,179 11 54,075 48,896 5,179 11 Mixed-Use 50,650 36,147 14,503 40 50,650 36,147 14,503 40 402,507 360,208 42,299 12 384,567 353,588 30,979 9 
 
 (1) For this table and tables following, the same-store portfolio excludes (i) One Beach Street, due to significant redevelopment activity; (ii) Eastgate Office Park which was acquired on July 7, 2021; (iii) Corporate Campus East III which was acquired on September 10, 2021; (iv) Bel-Spring 520 which was acquired on March 8, 2022; (v) the 710 building at Lloyd District Portfolio which was placed into operations on November 1, 2022, approximately one year after completing renovations of the building and (vi) land held for development. 
 Total office rental revenue increased 16.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the new acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park, Corporate Campus East III and Bel-Spring 520 which accounted for 11 million of the increase. The increase in total office rental revenue is partially offset by the decrease in rental revenue at One Beach Street of 0.3 million due to expiration of leases to allow for the modernization of the property. Same-store office rental revenue increased 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher annualized base rents at La Jolla Commons and Landmark at One Market and higher occupancy at La Jolla Commons and Torrey Reserve Campus. Additionally, there was an increase of 1.7 million related to cost recoveries at La Jolla Commons, First Main and The Landmark at One Market and an increase of 1 million related to accelerated revenue recognition of tenant improvement overages due to tenants vacating their space sooner than original lease terms. 
 Total retail rental revenue increased 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to approximately 4.2 million for new tenant leases signed and tenants previously on alternate rent reverting back to basic monthly rent. This includes certain tenants who were changed to alternate rent or to cash basis of revenue recognition during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 as collectability of rent was determined to be no longer probable. Additionally, there was an increase in cost recoveries of approximately 2.1 million as COVID-related rent concessions were provided during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. 
 Multifamily rental revenue increased 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an overall increase in occupancy and average monthly base rent of 92.9 and 2,349, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 92.1 and 2,160, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Mixed-use rental revenue increased 14.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase of 13.2 million related to the Waikiki Beach Walk hotel portion of our mixed use property. This increase was due to the lifting of COVID-19-related travel restrictions, which led to an increase in average occupancy and revenue per available room to 76.9 and 283 for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 66.4 and 185 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Waikiki Beach Walk retail portion increased 1.3 million as tenants were changed to alternate rent or to cash basis of revenue recognition during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 as collectability of rent was determined to be no longer probable for certain tenants. 
 
 53 

Other property income. Other property income increased 4.5 million, or 29 , to 20.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other property income by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Total Portfolio Same-Store Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Office 5,194 4,450 744 17 4,836 4,040 796 20 Retail 1,327 1,413 (86) (6) 1,327 1,413 (86) (6) Multifamily 4,064 3,419 645 19 4,064 3,419 645 19 Mixed-Use 9,556 6,338 3,218 51 9,556 6,338 3,218 51 20,141 15,620 4,521 29 19,783 15,210 4,573 30 
 Same-store office other property income increased 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in parking garage income at Lloyd Portfolio, City Center Bellevue and First Main, partially offset by lease termination and settlement amounts received at One Beach and City Center Bellevue during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Retail other property income decreased 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the lease termination fees received at Carmel Mountain Plaza and Del Monte Center during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Multifamily other property income increased 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily to an increase in parking garage income at Hassalo on Eighth - Residential, an increase in meter income at Loma Palisades and Pacific Ridge Apartments, and an increase in security deposits applied at Pacific Ridge Apartments. 
 Mixed-use other property income increased 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in other room rental income and rent excise tax at the hotel portion of our mixed-use property and an increase in parking garage income and rent excise tax at the retail portion of our mixed-use property. 
 Property Expenses 
 Total Property Expenses. Total property expenses consist of rental expenses and real estate taxes. Total property expenses increased by 22.7 million, or 17 , to 152.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 129.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in total property expenses was attributable primarily to the factors discussed below . 
 Rental Expenses. Rental expenses increased 20.7 million, or 24 , to 107.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 87.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Rental expense by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Total Portfolio Same-Store Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Office 36,985 30,506 6,479 21 32,306 28,341 3,965 14 Retail 16,631 15,676 955 6 16,631 15,676 955 6 Multifamily 19,152 16,269 2,883 18 19,152 16,269 2,883 18 Mixed-Use 34,877 24,529 10,348 42 34,877 24,529 10,348 42 107,645 86,980 20,665 24 102,966 84,815 18,151 21 
 Total office rental expenses increased 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to 2.5 million related to the recent acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park, Corporate Campus East III and Bel-Spring 520. Same-store office rental expenses increased 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in repairs and maintenance services, utilities expenses, facility services and other operating expenses as the "stay-at home" orders issued by state and local governments related to COVID-19 were relaxed in 2021 and our tenants' employees have started returning to the office in person. 
 
 54 

Total retail rental expenses increased 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in repairs and maintenance, facilities services, insurance expenses and marketing expenses in 2022, as restrictions on business operations from orders issued by state and local governments related to COVID-19 were eased during the first half of 2021. 
 Multifamily rental expensed increased 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in utilities expenses and repairs and maintenance related to landscaping, plumbing and painting services. Additionally, there was an increase in property-level personnel compensation expenses and insurance expenses in 2022. 
 Mixed-use rental expenses increased 10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in hotel room expenses, personnel expenses and excise tax expenses at the hotel portion of our mixed-use property during the period. These increases are due to tourism and an increase in hotel occupancy as the COVID-19 vaccine has become more widely available and travel restrictions to Hawaii have been relaxed. 
 Real Estate Taxes. Real estate tax expense increased 2.0 million, or 5 , to 44.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 42.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Real estate tax expense by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Total Portfolio Same-Store Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Office 20,493 19,727 766 4 18,968 18,962 6 Retail 13,675 12,307 1,368 11 13,675 12,307 1,368 11 Multifamily 7,104 6,942 162 2 7,104 6,942 162 2 Mixed-Use 3,516 3,818 (302) (8) 3,516 3,818 (302) (8) 44,788 42,794 1,994 5 43,263 42,029 1,234 3 
 Total office real estate taxes increased 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the recent acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park, Corporate Campus East III and Bel-Spring 520. There was a decrease of 0.1 million at One Beach Street due to the capitalization of real estate taxes as the property is under redevelopment. Same-store office real estate taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 remained flat. 
 Retail real estate taxes increased 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a one-time real estate tax refund received during the year ended December 31, 2021 for approximately 1.6 million at Alamo Quarry Market for the tax assessments for 2019 through 2020. This was partially offset by higher tax consulting fees of 0.2 million incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Multifamily real estate taxes increased 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in tax assessments for Hassalo on Eighth - Residential. 
 Mixed-use real estate taxes decreased 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to COVID-19 and its financial burden on the hospitality industry, as a result of which Honolulu County reduced the tax burden for hotels for 2021 through 2022. 
 Property Operating Income. 
 Property operating income increased 24.2 million, or 10 , to 270.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 246.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Property operating income by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 55 

Total Portfolio Same-Store Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Office 145,913 136,133 9,780 7 133,819 132,033 1,786 1 Retail 70,606 66,679 3,927 6 70,606 66,679 3,927 6 Multifamily 31,883 29,104 2,779 10 31,883 29,104 2,779 10 Mixed-Use 21,813 14,138 7,675 54 21,813 14,138 7,675 54 270,215 246,054 24,161 10 258,121 241,954 16,167 7 
 Total office property operating income increased 9.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the recent acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park, Corporate Campus East III, and Bel-Spring 520, which had incremental property operating income of approximately 7.8 million during the period. The increase in total office property operating income is partially offset by the decrease at One Beach Street of 0.3 million due to expiration of leases to allow for the modernization of the property.Same-store property operating income increased 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher cost recoveries and higher occupancy at La Jolla Commons and Torrey Reserve Campus, higher annualized base rent at La Jolla Commons and an increase of 1.0 million related to accelerated revenue recognition of tenant improvement overages due to tenants vacating their space prior to the original expiration dates. These increases were partially offset by higher operating expenses as more of our tenants' employees have returned to the office in-person. 
 Retail property operating income increased 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to approximately 4.2 million related to new leases executed and tenants that were previously on alternate rent (due to COVID-19 related rent concessions) reverting back to basic monthly rent, including certain tenants who were changed to alternate rent or to cash basis of revenue recognition during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 as the collectability of rent was determined to be no longer probable. Additionally, there was an increase in cost recoveries of 2.1 million as COVID-19 related rent concessions were provided during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. These increases were partially offset by comparatively higher real estate taxes related to a one-time real estate tax refund of approximately 1.6 million for Alamo Quarry Market received during the third quarter of 2021 relating to the calendar years 2019 through 2020, and an overall increase in rental expenses of 1.0 million related to repairs and maintenance and facilities services. 
 Multifamily property operating income increased 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an overall increase in occupancy and average monthly base rent of 92.9 and 2,349, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 92.1 and 2,160, respectively for the year ended December 31, 2021. These increases were partially offset by higher utilities and repairs and maintenance expenses. 
 Mixed-use property operating income increased 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase of 6.3 million related to the Waikiki Beach Walk hotel portion of our mixed use property. This increase was due to the lifting of COVID-19 travel restrictions, which led to an increase in average occupancy and revenue per available room to 76.9 and 283 for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 66.4 and 185 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Additionally, there was an increase of 1.4 million at the retail portion of our mixed-use property related to parking garage income and certain tenants who were changed to alternate rent or to cash basis of revenue recognition during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 as the collectability of rent was determined to be no longer probable for them. 
 Other 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses increased 2.3 million, or 8 , to 32.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 29.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to stock-based compensation expense and employee-related costs, including, without limitation, with respect to base pay for certain salaried and hourly workers and benefits. 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 7.0 million, or 6 , to 123.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 116.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to a 5.3 million increase related to the recent acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park, Corporate Campus East III and Bel-Spring 520. Additionally, there was an increase in depreciation and amortization at The Landmark at One Market due to building and tenant improvements that were put into service in 2021 and an increase in depreciation at City Center Bellevue 
 
 56 

due to the acceleration of depreciation related to tenants vacating space in 2022. These increases were offset by lower depreciation and amortization at One Beach due to the modernization of the property and depreciation of certain assets, which was accelerated in 2021. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense decreased 0.4 million, or 1 , to 58.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 58.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to an increase in capitalized interest related to our development projects. This decrease was offset by higher interest related to the closing of our 3.375 Senior Notes offering on January 26, 2021, and an increase in interest expense related to our Term Loan A, which changed from an unhedged variable interest rate at the beginning of 2021 to a fixed interest rate at the beginning of 2022, as we entered into two interest rate swaps agreements to lock the rate against future fluctuation. 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt . Early extinguishment of debt expense increased 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the repayment of the Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series A, with make-whole payments thereon, on January 26, 2021. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net. Other expense, net increased 0.2 million, or 50 , to other expense, net of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to other income, net of 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in income tax for our taxable REIT subsidiary and a decrease in interest and investment income attributed to the lower yield on our average cash balance during the period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 In this Liquidity and Capital Resources of American Assets Trust, Inc. section, the term the company refers only to American Assets Trust, Inc. on an unconsolidated basis, and excludes the Operating Partnership and all other subsidiaries. 
 
 The company s business is operated primarily through the Operating Partnership, of which the company is the parent company and sole general partner, and which it consolidates for financial reporting purposes. Because the company operates on a consolidated basis with the Operating Partnership, the section entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources of American Assets Trust, L.P. should be read in conjunction with this section to understand the liquidity and capital resources of the company on a consolidated basis and how the company is operated as a whole. 
 
 The company issues public equity from time to time, but does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company which are fully reimbursed by the Operating Partnership. The company itself does not have any indebtedness, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the consolidated assets and liabilities and the consolidated revenues and expenses of the company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. However, all debt is held directly or indirectly by the Operating Partnership. The company s principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common stock. The company s principal source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the company owned an approximate 78.8 partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The remaining 21.2 are owned by non-affiliated investors and certain of the company's directors and executive officers. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, American Assets Trust, Inc. has the full, exclusive and complete authority and control over the Operating Partnership s day-to-day management and business, can cause it to enter into certain major transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions and refinancings, and can cause changes in its line of business, capital structure and distribution policies. The company causes the Operating Partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as the company may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement. 
 
 The liquidity of the company is dependent on the Operating Partnership s ability to make sufficient distributions to the company. The primary cash requirement of the company is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. The company also guarantees some of the Operating Partnership s debt, as discussed further in Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere herein. If the Operating Partnership fails to fulfill certain of its debt requirements, which trigger the company s guarantee obligations, then the company will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. However, the company s only significant asset is its investment in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 We believe the Operating Partnership s sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and borrowings available under its unsecured line of credit, are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to the company and, in turn, for the company to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, the company has 
 
 57 

determined that it has adequate working capital to meet its dividend funding obligations for the next 12 months. However, we cannot assure you that the Operating Partnership s sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including its ability to make distribution payments to the company. The unavailability of capital could adversely affect the Operating Partnership s ability to pay its distributions to the company, which would in turn, adversely affect the company s ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders. 
 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds to pay for future dividends expected to be paid to the company s stockholders, operating expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our properties, interest expense and scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, general and administrative expenses, funding construction projects, capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 
 The company may from time to time seek to repurchase or redeem the Operating Partnership s outstanding debt, the company s shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or redemptions, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 For the company to maintain its qualification as a REIT, it must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. While historically the company has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, the company s own stock. As a result of this distribution requirement, the Operating Partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its ongoing operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not REITs can. The company may need to continue to raise capital in the equity markets to fund the Operating Partnership s working capital needs, acquisitions and developments. 
 
 The company is a well-known seasoned issuer. As circumstances warrant, the company may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. When the company receives proceeds from preferred or common equity issuances, it is required by the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement to contribute the proceeds from its equity issuances to the Operating Partnership in exchange for preferred or common partnership units of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership may use the proceeds to repay debt, to develop new or existing properties, to acquire properties or for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In January 2021, the company filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR with the SEC, which became effective upon filing and which replaced the prior Form S-3ASR that was filed with the SEC in February 2018. The universal shelf registration statement may permit the company from time to time to offer and sell equity securities of the company. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to complete any such offerings of securities. Factors influencing the availability of additional financing include investor perception of our prospects and the general condition of the financial markets, among others. 
 On December 3, 2021, the company entered into a new at-the-market, or ATM, equity program with five sales agents under which the company may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 250.0 million, or the 2021 ATM Program. The sales of shares of the company's common stock made through the 2021 ATM Program are to be made in at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, the company had not issued any shares of common stock under the 2021 ATM Program. 
 The company intends to use the net proceeds from any issuances of common stock under the 2021 ATM Program to fund development or redevelopment activities, repay amounts outstanding from time to time under our third amended and restated credit facility or other debt financing obligations, fund potential acquisition opportunities and/or for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the company had the capacity to issue up to an additional 250.0 million in shares of common stock under the 2021 ATM Program. Actual future sales will depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, the trading price of the company's common stock and the company's capital needs. The company has no obligation to sell the remaining shares available for sale under the 2021 ATM Program. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 
 In this Liquidity and Capital Resources of American Assets Trust, L.P. section, the terms we, our and us refer to the Operating Partnership together with its consolidated subsidiaries, or the Operating Partnership and American Assets Trust, Inc. together with their consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires. American Assets Trust, Inc. is our sole general partner and consolidates our results of operations for financial reporting purposes. Because we operate on a consolidated basis with 
 
 58 

American Assets Trust, Inc., the section entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources of American Assets Trust, Inc. should be read in conjunction with this section to understand our liquidity and capital resources on a consolidated basis. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we typically generate significant amounts of cash from operations. The cash generated from operations is used for the payment of operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt service and dividends to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders and our unitholders. As a REIT, American Assets Trust, Inc. must generally make annual distributions to its stockholders of at least 90 of its net taxable income. 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of operating expenses and other expenditures associated with our properties, regular debt service requirements, dividend payments to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s stockholders required to maintain its REIT status, distributions to our other unitholders, capital expenditures and, potentially, acquisitions. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, reserves established from existing cash and, if necessary, borrowings available under our third amended and restated credit facility. 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for the repayment of debt at maturity, property acquisitions, tenant improvements and capital improvements. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements to pay scheduled debt maturities and to fund property acquisitions and capital improvements with net cash from operations, long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and, if necessary, the issuance of equity and debt securities. We also may fund property acquisitions and capital improvements using our third amended and restated credit facility pending permanent financing. We believe that we have access to multiple sources of capital to fund our long-term liquidity requirements, including the incurrence of additional debt, noting that during the third quarter of 2015, the company obtained investment grade credit ratings from Moody s Investors Service (Baa3), Standard Poor s Ratings Services (BBB-) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (BBB), and the issuance of additional equity. However, we cannot be assured that this will be the case. Our ability to incur additional debt will be dependent on a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our unencumbered assets and borrowing restrictions that may be imposed by lenders. Our ability to access the equity capital markets will be dependent on a number of factors as well, including general market conditions for REITs and market perceptions about our company. Given our past ability to access the capital markets, we expect debt or equity to be available to us. Although there is no intent at this time, if market conditions deteriorate, we may also delay the timing of future development and redevelopment projects as well as limit future acquisitions, reduce our operating expenditures, or re-evaluate our dividend policy. 
 Our overall capital requirements will depend upon acquisition opportunities, the level of improvements and redevelopments on existing properties and the timing and cost of developments. Our capital investments will be funded on a short-term basis with cash on hand, cash flow from operations and/or our third amended and restated credit facility. 
 
 We intend to operate with and maintain a conservative capital structure that will allow us to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed-charge coverage ratios as part of our commitment to investment grade debt ratings. In the short and long term, we may seek to obtain funds through the issuance of additional equity, unsecured and/or secured debt financings, and property dispositions that are consistent with this conservative structure. 
 
 We currently believe that cash flows from operations, cash on hand, our 2021 ATM Program, our third amended and restated credit facility and our general ability to access the capital markets will be sufficient to finance our operations and fund our debt service requirements and capital expenditures. 
 
 59 

Contractual Obligations 
 The following table outlines the timing of required payments related to our commitments as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): Payments by Period Contractual Obligations Total Within 1 Year 2 Years 3 Years 4 Years 5 Years More than 5 Years Principal payments on long-term indebtedness (1) 
 1,625,000 150,000 100,000 200,000 425,000 750,000 Line of credit (2) 
 36,000 36,000 Interest payments 419,006 57,379 156,883 45,414 44,268 32,044 83,018 Operating lease 29,998 3,328 3,428 3,531 3,584 3,584 12,543 Tenant-related commitments 22,702 18,957 3,268 477 Construction-related commitments 23,271 23,271 Total 2,155,977 288,935 263,579 248,945 47,852 461,105 845,561 
 
 (1) On January 5, 2023, our term loan agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (1) increase the fully-drawn borrowings from 150 million to 225 million, (2) extend the maturity date from March 1, 2023 to January 5, 2025 (with one, twelve-month extension option) and (3) transition borrowings to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and away from LIBOR. The 225 million term loan is unsecured. 
 (2) On January 6, 2023, we repaid in full the 36 million outstanding balance on our revolving line of credit under our Third Amended and Restated Credit Facility. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We currently do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were 49.6 million and 139.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 10.7 million to 179.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 168.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash from operations was primarily due to the increase in rental revenue from the hotel portion of our mixed-use property, our recent acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park, Corporate Campus East III and Bel-Spring 520, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 146.0 million to 166.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 312.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used was primarily due to our recent acquisition of Bel-Spring 520 on March 8, 2022, and increased capital expenditures at La Jolla Commons III and One Beach Street, compared to the cash used for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to our acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park and Corporate Campus East III. 
 Net cash used by financing activities was 102.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 144.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to quarterly dividends for 2022 and debt issuance costs related to our third amended and restated credit facility. The cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was related to the issuance of the 3.375 Senior Notes on January 26, 2021, partially offset by the repayment of the outstanding balance on the revolving line of credit and the Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series A on January 26, 2021. 

60 

Net Operating Income 
 Net Operating Income, or NOI, is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance. We define NOI as operating revenues (rental income, tenant reimbursements, lease termination fees, ground lease rental income and other property income) less property and related expenses (property expenses, ground lease expenses, property marketing costs, real estate taxes and insurance). NOI excludes general and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expense, other non-property income and losses, gains and losses from property dispositions, extraordinary items, tenant improvements and leasing commissions. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating NOI, and accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to other REITs. 
 NOI is used by investors and our management to evaluate and compare the performance of our properties and to determine trends in earnings and to compute the fair value of our properties as it is not affected by (1) the cost of funds of the property owner, (2) the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets that are included in net income computed in accordance with GAAP, or (3) general and administrative expenses and other gains and losses that are specific to the property owner. The cost of funds is eliminated from net income because it is specific to the particular financing capabilities and constraints of the owner. The cost of funds is also eliminated because it is dependent on historical interest rates and other costs of capital as well as past decisions made by us regarding the appropriate mix of capital which may have changed or may change in the future. Depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets are eliminated because they may not accurately represent the actual change in value in our office, retail, multifamily or mixed-use properties that result from use of the properties or changes in market conditions. While certain aspects of real property do decline in value over time in a manner that is intended to be captured by depreciation and amortization, the value of the properties as a whole have historically increased or decreased as a result of changes in overall economic conditions instead of from actual use of the property or the passage of time. Gains and losses from the sale of real property vary from property to property and are affected by market conditions at the time of sale which will usually change from period to period. These gains and losses can create distortions when comparing one period to another or when comparing our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies that have not made similarly timed purchases or sales. We believe that eliminating these costs from net income is useful because the resulting measure captures the actual revenue generated and actual expenses incurred in operating our properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 However, the usefulness of NOI is limited because it excludes general and administrative costs, interest expense, interest income and other expense, depreciation and amortization expense and gains or losses from the sale of properties, and other gains and losses as stipulated by GAAP, the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which are significant economic costs. NOI may fail to capture significant trends in these components of net income which further limits its usefulness. 
 NOI is a measure of the operating performance of our properties but does not measure our performance as a whole. NOI is therefore not a substitute for net income as computed in accordance with GAAP. This measure should be analyzed in conjunction with net income computed in accordance with GAAP and discussions elsewhere in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the components of net income that are eliminated in the calculation of NOI. Other companies may use different methods for calculating NOI or similarly entitled measures and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other companies that do not define the measure exactly as we do. 
 The following is a reconciliation of our NOI to net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 computed in accordance with GAAP (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net operating income 270,215 246,054 223,454 General and administrative (32,143) (29,879) (26,581) Depreciation and amortization (123,338) (116,306) (108,292) Interest expense (58,232) (58,587) (53,440) Loss on early extinguishment of debt (4,271) Other income (expense), net (625) (418) 447 Net income 55,877 36,593 35,588 

61 

Funds from Operations 
 We present FFO because we consider FFO an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believe it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO when reporting their results. We calculate FFO in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT. FFO represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property, impairment losses, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 
 FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure. Management uses FFO as a supplemental performance measure because it believes that FFO is beneficial to investors as a starting point in measuring our operational performance. Specifically, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions, which do not relate to or are not indicative of operating performance, FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. We also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of REITs, FFO will be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effects and could materially impact our results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. In addition, other equity REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition as we do, and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs' FFO. Accordingly, FFO should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance. FFO should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends or service indebtedness. FFO also should not be used as a supplement to or substitute for cash flow from operating activities computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our FFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 to net income, the nearest GAAP equivalent (in thousands, except per share and share data): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 55,877 36,593 35,588 Plus: Real estate depreciation and amortization 123,338 116,306 108,292 Funds from operations, as defined by NAREIT 179,215 152,899 143,880 Less: Nonforfeitable dividends on restricted stock awards (641) (557) (377) FFO attributable to common stock and units 178,574 152,342 143,503 FFO per diluted share/unit 2.34 2.00 1.89 Weighted average number of common shares and units, diluted (1) 
 76,233,814 76,175,004 76,122,842 
 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the weighted average common shares used to compute FFO per diluted share include unvested restricted stock awards that are subject to time vesting, as the vesting of the restricted stock awards is dilutive in the computation of FFO per diluted shares, but is anti-dilutive for the computation of diluted EPS for the periods. Diluted shares exclude incentive restricted stock as these awards are considered contingently issuable. 
 
 Inflation 
 Substantially all of our office and retail leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. In addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. We believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above. In addition, our multifamily leases (other than at our RV resort where spaces can be rented at a daily, weekly or monthly rate) generally have lease terms ranging from seven to 15 months, with a majority having 12-month lease terms, and generally allow for rent adjustments at the time of renewal, which we believe reduces our exposure to the effects of inflation. For the hotel portion of our mixed-use property, we possess the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. However, competitive pressures may limit our ability to raise room rates. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. 
 
 62 

We may enter into certain types of derivative financial instruments to further reduce interest rate risk. We use interest rate swap agreements, for example, to convert some of our variable rate debt to a fixed-rate basis or to hedge anticipated financing transactions. We use derivatives for hedging purposes rather than speculation and do not enter into financial instruments for trading purposes. See the discussion under Note 8, Derivative and Hedging Activities, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for certain quantitative details related to the interest rate swaps. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Outstanding Debt 
 The following discusses the effect of hypothetical changes in market rates of interest on the fair value of our total outstanding debt. Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our debt. Discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to estimate the fair value of our mortgages payable. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of financial instruments. This analysis does not purport to take into account all of the factors that may affect our debt, such as the effect that a changing interest rate environment could have on the overall level of economic activity or the action that our management might take to reduce our exposure to the change. This analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. 
 Fixed Interest Rate Debt 
 Except as described below, all of our outstanding debt obligations (maturing at various times through May 2029) have fixed interest rates which limit the risk of fluctuating interest rates. However, interest rate fluctuations may affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt instruments. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.4 billion of fixed-rate debt outstanding with an estimated fair value of 1.2 billion. If interest rates at December 31, 2022 had been 1.0 higher, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have decreased by approximately 45.0 million. If interest rates at December 31, 2022 had been 1.0 lower, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have increased by approximately 68.1 million. Additionally, we consider our 100 million Term Loan A, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 to be fixed rate debt as the rate is effectively fixed by an interest rate swap agreement. Also, we consider our 150 million debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, related to Term Loan B and Term Loan C, to be fixed rate debt through November 30, 2022 as the rate was effectively fixed by an interest rate swap agreement until such date, before it became variable rate debt from December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 
 Variable Interest Rate Debt 
 Generally, we believe that our primary interest rate risk is due to fluctuations in interest rates on our variable rate debt. At December 31, 2022, we had 250 million of variable rate debt outstanding, of which 100 million are subject to interest rate swaps as described above. We have entered into term loans that have interest rates that contain both fixed and variable components. See the discussion under Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for details related to the interest rate swaps and for a discussion on how we value derivative financial instruments. Based upon this amount of variable rate debt and the specific terms, if market interest rates increased 1.0 , our annual interest expense would increase by approximately 0.2 million with a corresponding decrease in our net income and cash flows for the year. Conversely, if market rates decreased 1.0 , our annual interest expense would decrease by approximately 0.2 million with a corresponding increase in our net income and cash flows for the year. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data are included as a separate section of this annual report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Controls and Procedures (American Assets Trust, Inc.) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports is 
 
 63 

recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, American Assets Trust, Inc. carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, American Assets Trust, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, American Assets Trust, Inc. s disclosure controls and procedures were effective and were operating at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, American Assets Trust, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by American Assets Trust, Inc. s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including American Assets Trust, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, American Assets Trust, Inc. conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that the company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report over American Assets Trust, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which report is contained elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in American Assets Trust, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, American Assets Trust, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 64 

Controls and Procedures (American Assets Trust, L.P.) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Operating Partnership maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of its general partner, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of its general partner, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership's general partner concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective and were operating at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership's general partner and effected by the general partner's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Operating Partnership; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Operating Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the general partner of the Operating Partnership; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Operating Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Operating Partnership, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership's general partner, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting. 

65 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEMS 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information concerning our directors, executive officers and corporate governance required by Item 10 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Pursuant to instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, information concerning audit committee financial expert disclosure set forth under the heading Information Regarding the Board - Committees of the Board - Audit Committee will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Pursuant to instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act concerning our directors and executive officers set forth under the heading entitled Delinquent - Section 16(a) Reports is included herein as Item 15. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information concerning our executive compensation required by Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters required by Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information concerning certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence required by Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information concerning our principal accountant fees and services required by Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference 

ITEM 15. DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our named executive officers, directors and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. SEC regulations require us to identify anyone who failed to file a required report or filed a late report during the most recent fiscal year. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Forms 5 were required for such persons, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our named executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them, except that Ernest Rady, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, filed a Form 4/A on October 4, 2022 for a transaction that occurred on August 30, 2022, due to a scrivener's error solely due to Mr. Rady's broker failing to provide us with the correct number of shares purchased. 
 
 66 

PART IV 

ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, together with Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included as a separate section of this annual report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule 
 Our financial statement schedule is included in a separate section of this annual report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 A list of exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) See Exhibit Index 
 (c) Not Applicable 

67 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1(1) Articles of Amendment and Restatement of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 3.2(1) Amended and Restated Bylaws of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 3.3(2) Certificate of Limited Partnership of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 4.1(1) Form of Certificate of Common Stock of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 4.2(3) Indenture, dated January 26, 2021, by and among American Assets Trust, L.P., as issuer, American Assets Trust, Inc., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 4.3 Description of Securities 
 10.1(4) Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of American Assets Trust, L.P., dated January 19, 2011 
 10.2(4) Registration Rights Agreement among American Assets Trust, Inc. and the persons named therein, dated January 19, 2011 
 10.3(1) American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan 
 10.4(1) Form of Indemnification Agreement between American Assets Trust, Inc. and its directors and officers 
 10.5 Form of American Assets Trust, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Performance Vesting) 
 10.6(4) Transition Services Agreement between American Assets, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P., dated January 19, 2011 
 10.7(1) Management Agreement for Waikiki Beach Walk Retail between ABW Holdings LLC and Retail Resort Properties LLC, dated as of November 1, 2007 
 10.8(1) Outrigger Hotels Hawaii Hotel Management Agreement Embassy SuitesTM Waikiki Beach WalkTM Hotel by and among EBW Hotel LLC, Waikele Venture Holdings, LLC, Broadway 225 Sorrento Holdings, LLC, Broadway 225 Stonecrest Holdings, LLC and Outrigger Hotels Hawaii, dated as of January 10, 2006 
 10.9(4) Franchise License Agreement Embassy Suites Waikiki Beach Walk Honolulu, Hawaii between Embassy Suites Franchise LLC and WBW Hotel Lessee, LLC, dated January 19, 2011 
 10.10(5) Deed of Trust and Security Agreement by and between AAT CC Bellevue, LLC, as Borrower, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Lender, dated October 10, 2012 
 10.11(5) Promissory Note by AAT CC Bellevue, LLC, as maker, to PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of October 10, 2012 
 10.12(6) American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. Amended and Restated Incentive Bonus Plan, effective as of December 5, 2019 
 10.13(7) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and Ernest S. Rady dated March 25, 2014 
 10.14(7) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and Robert F. Barton dated March 25, 2014 
 10.15(7) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and Adam Wyll dated March 25, 2014 
 10.16(8) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2014 by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and the purchasers named therein. (Series A, B and C) 
 10.17(9) Joinder and First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2016, among American Assets Trust, Inc., the American Assets Trust, L.P., the Lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent 
 10.18(10) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2017 by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and the purchasers named therein. (Series D) 
 10.19(11) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2017 by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and the purchasers named therein. (Series E) 
 10.20(11) Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 23, 2017, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other entities named therein 
 10.21(11) Second Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement dated as of May 23, 2017, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., the lenders from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other entities named therein 
 10.22(11) First Amendment, dated as of May 23, 2017, to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as if October 31, 2014, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and the purchasers named therein. (Series E) 

68 

Exhibit No. Description 10.23(11) First Amendment, dated as of May 23, 2017, to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2017, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and the purchasers named therein. (Series E) 
 10.24(12) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2017, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P. and the purchasers named therein. (Series F) 
 10.25(13) Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 9, 2018, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and other entities named therein. 
 10.26(13) Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement dated January 9, 2018, by and among the American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., each lender from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 10.32(14) First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 9, 2019, by and among the American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and other entities named therein. 
 10.33(15) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2019, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., and the purchasers named therein. 
 10.34(16) Equity Distribution Agreement, dated December 3, 2021, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
 10.35(16) Equity Distribution Agreement, dated December 3, 2021, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., and BofA Securities, Inc. 
 10.36(16) Equity Distribution Agreement, dated December 3, 2021, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., and Jefferies LLC 
 10.37(16) Equity Distribution Agreement, dated December 3, 2021, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., and Mizuho Securities USA LLC 
 10.38(16) Equity Distribution Agreement, dated December 3, 2021, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., and BTIG, LLC 
 10.39(17) Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and other entities named therein. 
 10.39(18) Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated January 5, 202 3 , by and among American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., each lender from time- to-time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National A ssoc i ation , as Administrative Agen t . 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 22.1 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 31.4 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of American Assets Trust, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of American Assets Trust, L.P. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 69 

Exhibit No. Description 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (1) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-11, as amended (File No. 333-169326), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2010. 
 (2) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2015. 
 (3) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2021. 
 (4) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2011. 
 (5) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 10, 2012. 
 (6) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2020. 
 (7) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2014. 
 (8) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2014. 
 (9) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2016. 
 (10) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017. 
 (11) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2017. 
 (12) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 19, 2017. 
 (13) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2018. 
 (14) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2019. 
 (15) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2019. 
 (16) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 3, 2021. 
 (17) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2022. 
 (18) Incorporated herein by reference to American Assets Trust, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023. 

70 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrants have duly caused this Report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized this 10 th day of February, 2023. 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. American Assets Trust, L.P. By: American Assets Trust, Inc. Its: General Partner /s/ ERNEST RADY /s/ ERNEST RADY Ernest Rady 
 Ernest Rady 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ ROBERT F. BARTON /s/ ROBERT F. BARTON Robert F. Barton 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Robert F. Barton 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrants and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ ERNEST RADY Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 10, 2023 Ernest Rady /s/ ROBERT F. BARTON Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer February 10, 2023 Robert F. Barton /s/ JOY L. SCHAEFER Director February 10, 2023 Joy L. Schaefer /s/ NINA TRAN Director February 10, 2023 Nina Tran /s/ THOMAS S. OLINGER Director February 10, 2023 Thomas S. Olinger /s/ ROBERT S. SULLIVAN Director February 10, 2023 Robert S. Sullivan 

71 

Item 8 and Item 16(a) (1) and (2) 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 12 
 American Assets Trust, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 13 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 14 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners' Capital for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 F- 15 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 16 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 F- 17 
 Schedule III Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 55 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Assets Trust, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 16(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-2 

Impairment of real estate properties Description of the Matter The Company s net real estate properties totaled 2.73 billion as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews for impairment on a property by property basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be fully recoverable. Impairment is recognized on properties held for use when the expected undiscounted cash flows for a property are less than its carrying amount, at which time the property is written down to its estimated fair value. Properties classified as held for sale are recorded at the lower of the carrying amount or the expected sales price less costs to sell. There were no impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Auditing the Company's impairment assessment for real estate properties is challenging because of the subjective auditor judgment necessary in evaluating management s identification of indicators of potential impairment and the related assessment of the severity of such indicators in determining whether a triggering event has occurred that requires the Company to evaluate the recoverability of the asset. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s property impairment review process. For example, we tested controls over management s process for identifying and evaluating potential impairment indicators. 
 
 Our testing of the Company s impairment assessment included, among other procedures, evaluating significant judgments applied in determining whether indicators of impairment were present at any given property by obtaining evidence to corroborate such judgments and searching for evidence contrary to such judgments. For example, we searched for tenants or groups of tenants with large reserved balances or upcoming lease expirations that occupy a substantial portion of any particular property and searched for significant declines in operating results of any particular property due to occupancy changes, tenant bankruptcies, environmental issues, adverse changes in legal factors or natural disasters. 

F-3 

Property asset acquisitions 
 Description of the Matter During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Bel-Spring 520 for a purchase price of approximately 45.5 million. As discussed in Note 1 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounted for the purchase as an asset acquisition in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance on acquisitions and business combinations. The Company s methodology of allocating the cost of the acquisition to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed consists of use of the income, sales comparison and cost approaches. For acquired operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land and buildings, intangible assets such as in-place leases, and tangible assets and liabilities acquired, if any, based on their relative fair value. 
 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for its acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the relative fair values of the acquired land and buildings and intangible assets such as in-place leases. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgmental nature of inputs, including discount rates, capitalization rates and certain market assumptions such as market rental rates. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s accounting for acquisitions process. For example, we tested controls over the valuation of acquired land, buildings and intangible assets, including the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 
 Our testing of the Company s accounting for its acquisition included, among other procedures, reading the purchase agreement and testing the values allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by evaluating the valuation methods and significant assumptions used by management. For example, our real estate valuation specialists assisted us in evaluating the methodologies used by the Company and testing the consistency of the selected discount rates, capitalization rates and various market assumptions such as market rental rates with external market data sources. Additionally, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the determination of various inputs. Also, with the assistance of our specialists, we evaluated the incorporation of the key assumptions in the aforementioned models and tested such models for clerical accuracy. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

February 10, 2023 

F-4 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited American Assets Trust, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, American Assets Trust, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 16(a) and our report dated February 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 10, 2023 

F-5 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Partners of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Assets Trust, L.P. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, partners capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 16(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-6 

Impairment of real estate properties Description of the Matter The Company s net real estate properties totaled 2.73 billion as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews for impairment on a property by property basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be fully recoverable. Impairment is recognized on properties held for use when the expected undiscounted cash flows for a property are less than its carrying amount, at which time the property is written down to its estimated fair value. Properties classified as held for sale are recorded at the lower of the carrying amount or the expected sales price less costs to sell. There were no impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Auditing the Company's impairment assessment for real estate properties is challenging because of the subjective auditor judgment necessary in evaluating management s identification of indicators of potential impairment and the related assessment of the severity of such indicators in determining whether a triggering event has occurred that requires the Company to evaluate the recoverability of the asset. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s property impairment review process. For example, we tested controls over management s process for identifying and evaluating potential impairment indicators. 
 
 Our testing of the Company s impairment assessment included, among other procedures, evaluating significant judgments applied in determining whether indicators of impairment were present at any given property by obtaining evidence to corroborate such judgments and searching for evidence contrary to such judgments. For example, we searched for tenants or groups of tenants with large reserved balances or upcoming lease expirations that occupy a substantial portion of any particular property and searched for significant declines in operating results of any particular property due to occupancy changes, tenant bankruptcies, environmental issues, adverse changes in legal factors or natural disasters. 

F-7 

Property asset acquisition Description of the Matter During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Bel-Spring 520 for a purchase price of approximately 45.5 million. As discussed in Note 1 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounted for the purchase as an asset acquisition in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance on acquisitions and business combinations. The Company s methodology of allocating the cost of the acquisition to assets acquired and liabilities assumed consists of use of the income, sales comparison and cost approaches. For acquired operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land and buildings, intangible assets such as in-place leases, and tangible assets and liabilities acquired, if any, based on their relative fair value. 
 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for its acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the relative fair values of the acquired land and buildings and intangible assets such as in-place leases. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgmental nature of inputs, including discount rates, capitalization rates and certain market assumptions such as market rental rates. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s accounting for acquisitions process. For example, we tested controls over the valuation of acquired land, buildings and intangible assets, including the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 
 Our testing of the Company s accounting for its acquisition included, among other procedures, reading the purchase agreement and testing the values allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by evaluating the valuation methods and significant assumptions used by management. For example, our real estate valuation specialists assisted us in evaluating the methodologies used by the Company and testing the consistency of the selected discount rates, capitalization rates and various market assumptions such as market rental rates with external market data sources. Additionally, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the determination of various inputs. Also, with the assistance of our specialists, we evaluated the incorporation of the key assumptions in the aforementioned models and tested such models for clerical accuracy. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

February 10, 2023 

F-8 

American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Real estate, at cost Operating real estate Construction in progress Held for development Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net real estate Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Deferred rent receivables, net Other assets, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES: Secured notes payable, net Unsecured notes payable, net Unsecured line of credit, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Security deposits payable Other liabilities and deferred credits Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) EQUITY: American Assets Trust, Inc. stockholders' equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated dividends in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total American Assets Trust, Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-9 

American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In Thousands, Except Shares and Per Share Data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE: Rental income Other property income Total revenue EXPENSES: Rental expenses Real estate taxes General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) NET INCOME Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) Net income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC. STOCKHOLDERS EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC Basic income attributable to common stockholders per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE, DILUTED Diluted income attributable to common stockholders per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Net income Other comprehensive gain (loss) - unrealized gain (loss) on swap derivatives during the period ) Reclassification of amortization of forward starting swap included in interest expense, net ) ) ) Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swap realized gain included in loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-10 

American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) American Assets Trust, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests - Unitholders in the Operating Partnership Total Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Dividends in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Issuance of restricted stock 
 ) Forfeiture of restricted stock 
 ) ) Conversion of operating partnership units 
 ) Dividends declared and paid 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Shares withheld for employee taxes 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss - change in value of interest rate swaps ) ) ) Reclassification of amortization of forward starting swaps included in interest expense ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income 
 Issuance of restricted stock 
 ) Forfeiture of restricted stock 
 ) ) Dividends declared and paid 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive income - change in values of interest rate swaps Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swaps included in interest expense ) ) ) Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swaps included in loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income 
 Issuance of restricted stock 
 ) Forfeiture of restricted stock 
 ) ) Dividends declared and paid 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Shares withheld for employee taxes 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swaps included in interest expense, net ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-11 

American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred rent revenue and amortization of lease intangibles ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt fair value adjustments Provision for uncollectable rental income ) Early extinguishment of debt Stock-based compensation expense Other noncash interest expense ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Change in accounts receivable ) ) Change in other assets ) Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Change in security deposits payable ) Change in other liabilities and deferred credits ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of real estate, net ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Leasing commissions ) ) ) Purchase of marketable securities ) Sale of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of secured notes payable Repayment of secured notes payable ) ) Proceeds from unsecured line of credit Repayment of unsecured line of credit ) Repayment of unsecured notes payable ) Proceeds from issuance of unsecured notes payable Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Dividends paid to common stock and unitholders ) ) ) Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows: Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in Statement of Cash Flows 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-12 

American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands, Except Unit Data) 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Real estate, at cost Operating real estate Construction in progress Held for development Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net real estate Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Deferred rent receivables, net Other assets, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL LIABILITIES: Secured notes payable, net Unsecured notes payable, net Unsecured line of credit, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Security deposits payable Other liabilities and deferred credits Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) CAPITAL: Limited partners' capital, and units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) General partner's capital, and units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income Total capital TOTAL LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-13 

American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In Thousands, Except Units and Per Unit Data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE: Rental income Other property income Total revenue EXPENSES: Rental expenses Real estate taxes General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) NET INCOME Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, L.P. EARNINGS PER UNIT - BASIC 
 Earnings per unit, basic 
 Weighted average units outstanding, basic EARNINGS PER UNIT - DILUTED 
 Earnings per unit, diluted 
 Weighted average units outstanding, diluted DISTRIBUTIONS PER UNIT COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Net income Other comprehensive gain (loss) - unrealized gain (loss) on swap derivatives during the period ) Reclassification of amortization of forward starting swaps included in interest expense, net ) ) ) Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swap realized gain included in loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to Limited Partners ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to General Partner 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-14 

American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners' Capital 
 (In Thousands, Except Unit Data) 
 Limited Partners' Capital (1) 
 General Partner's Capital (2) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Capital Units Amount Units Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Conversion of operating partnership units ) ) Issuance of restricted units Forfeiture of restricted units ) Distributions ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss - change in value of interest rate swaps ) ) Reclassification of amortization of forward starting swaps included in interest expense ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Issuance of restricted units Forfeiture of restricted units ) Distributions ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps Reclassification of amortization of forward starting swaps included in interest expense ) ) Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swaps included in loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Issuance of restricted units Forfeiture of restricted units ) Distributions ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive income - change in value of interest rate swaps Reclassification of amortization of forward-starting swaps included in interest expense, net ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-15 

American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred rent revenue and amortization of lease intangibles ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt fair value adjustments Provision for uncollectable rental income ) Early extinguishment of debt Stock-based compensation expense Other noncash interest expense ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Change in accounts receivable and deferred rent receivables ) ) Change in other assets ) Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Change in security deposits payable ) Change in other liabilities and deferred credits ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of real estate, net ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Leasing commissions ) ) ) Purchase of marketable securities ) Sale of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of secured notes payable Repayment of secured notes payable ) ) Proceeds from unsecured line of credit Repayment of unsecured line of credit ) Repayment of unsecured notes payable ) Proceeds from issuance of unsecured notes payable Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Distributions ) ) ) Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows: Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in Statement of Cash Flows 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-16 

American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1. 
 properties and the property management business of American Assets, Inc. and (2) noncontrolling interests in entities owning properties. The company is the sole general partner of American Assets Trust, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership formed on July 16, 2010 (the Operating Partnership ). The company's operations are carried on through our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, including our taxable REIT subsidiary. Since the formation of our Operating Partnership, the company has controlled our Operating Partnership as its general partner and has consolidated its assets, liabilities and results of operations. 
 We are a vertically integrated and self-administered REIT with employees providing substantial in-house expertise in asset management, property management, property development, leasing, tenant improvement construction, acquisitions, repositioning, redevelopment and financing. 
 
 Any reference to the number of properties or units, square footage or acres, employees; or references to beneficial ownership interests, are unaudited and outside the scope of our independent registered public accounting firm's audit of our financial statements in accordance with the standards of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned or had a controlling interest in office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use operating properties, the operations of which we consolidate. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we owned land at of our properties that we classify as held for development and construction in progress. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

Impact of COVID-19 
 We are unable to predict the impact that COVID-19 and its variants will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. These uncertainties include the scope, severity and duration of the virus, the actions taken to contain it or to mitigate its impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the virus and containment measures, among others. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including the United States, has significantly adversely impacted global economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. The Company cannot predict if previously placed governmental restrictions or social distancing measures will be reinstated in the future or if more restrictive measures will be imposed. Further, the willingness of customers to visit certain of out tenants' businesses may be reduced due to concerns regarding the continued risk of COVID-19 transmission and heightened sensitivity to risks associated with the transmission of other diseases. As a result, COVID-19 is negatively impacting almost every industry directly or indirectly, including industries in which the Company and our tenants operate. Further, the impacts of a potential worsening of global economic conditions and the continued disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets, consumer spending as well as other unanticipated consequences remain unknown. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

Interest capitalized Interest expense, net Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities for construction in progress Accrued leasing commissions 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For a tenant to terminate its lease agreement prior to the end of the agreed term, we may require that they pay a fee to cancel the lease agreement. Lease termination fees for which the tenant has relinquished control of the space are generally recognized on the later of the termination date or the satisfaction of all conditions precedent to the lease termination, including, without limitation, payment of all lease termination fees. When a lease is terminated early but the tenant continues to control the space under a modified lease agreement, the lease termination fee is generally recognized evenly over the remaining term of the modified lease agreement. 
 
 Current accounts receivable from tenants primarily relate to contractual minimum rent and percentage rent as well as real estate tax and other cost reimbursements. Accounts receivable from straight-line rent is typically longer term in nature and relates to the cumulative amount by which straight-line rental income recorded to date exceeds cash rents billed to date under the contractual lease agreement. 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. Total collectability related adjustments for rental income, which includes the allowance for doubtful accounts and deferred rent receivables, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

years to a maximum of years on buildings and major improvements. Minor improvements, furniture and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over useful lives ranging from years to years. Maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the useful lives of the related assets are charged to operations as incurred. Tenant improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the life of the related lease or their estimated useful life, whichever is shorter. If a tenant vacates its space prior to the contractual termination of its lease, the undepreciated balance of any tenant improvements are written off if they are replaced or have no future value. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, real estate depreciation expense was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Acquisitions of properties are accounted for in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance on acquisitions and business combinations. Our methodology of allocating the cost of acquisitions to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on estimated fair values, replacement cost and appraised values. When we acquire operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land and buildings, intangibles such as in-place leases, and to current assets and liabilities acquired, if any. Such valuations include a consideration of the noncancelable terms of the respective leases as well as any applicable renewal periods. The fair values associated with below market renewal options are determined based on a review of several qualitative and quantitative factors on a lease-by-lease basis at acquisition to determine whether it is probable that the tenant would exercise its option to renew the lease agreement. These factors include: (1) the type of tenant in relation to the property it occupies, (2) the quality of the tenant, including the tenant's long term business prospects and (3) whether the fixed rate renewal option was sufficiently lower than the fair rental of the property at the date the option becomes exercisable such that it would appear to be reasonably assured that the tenant would exercise the option to renew. The value allocated to in-place leases is amortized over the related lease term and reflected as depreciation and amortization in the statement of comprehensive income. 
 The value of above and below market leases associated with the original noncancelable lease terms are amortized to rental income over the terms of the respective noncancelable lease periods and are reflected as either an increase (for below market leases) or a decrease (for above market leases) to rental income in the statement of comprehensive income. The value of the leases associated with below market lease renewal options that are likely to be exercised are amortized to rental income over 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

Transaction costs related to the acquisition of a business, such as broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred and included in general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For asset acquisitions not meeting the definition of a business, transaction costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. 

Management does not believe that the value of our real estate investments was impaired at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. There were no impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

See the discussion under Note 8 for certain quantitative details related to interest rate swaps and for a discussion on how we value derivative financial instruments. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had million and million, respectively, in excess of the FDIC insured limit. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had million and million, respectively, in money market funds that are not FDIC insured. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had restricted cash. 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we had no investments in real estate joint ventures, and no other interests in VIEs to be evaluated for consolidated. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred incremental compensation cost of approximately million, million and million respectively, related to the discretionary vesting of previously granted restricted stock awards that did not meet the original vesting criteria. 
 
 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and meet the various other requirements imposed by the Code relating to such matters as operating results, asset holdings, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Provided we maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT, we are generally not subject to corporate level income tax on the earnings distributed currently to our stockholders. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT in any taxable year, and are unable to avail ourselves of certain savings provisions set forth in the Code, all of our taxable income would be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax. We are subject to certain state and local income taxes. 

reportable segments: the acquisition, redevelopment, ownership and management of office real estate, retail real estate, multifamily real estate and mixed-use real estate. The products for our retail segment primarily include rental of retail space and other tenant services, including tenant reimbursements, parking and storage space rental. The products for our office segment primarily include rental of office space and other tenant services, including tenant reimbursements, parking and storage space rental. The products for our multifamily segment include rental of apartments and other tenant services. The products of our mixed-use segment include rental of retail space and other tenant services, including tenant reimbursements, parking and storage space rental and operation of a -room all-suite hotel. 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2. 
 Buildings Land improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 
 Construction in progress (1) 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) ) Net real estate December 31, 2021 Land Buildings Land improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 
 Construction in progress (1) 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) ) Net real estate 

Property Asset Acquisitions 
 On July 7, 2021, we acquired E astgate Office Park, consisting of an approximately square feet, multi-tenant office campus in Bellevue, Washington. The purchase price was approximately million, excluding closing costs of approximately million. The property was acquired with cash on hand. 
 On September 10, 2021, we acquired Corporate Campus East III in Bellevue, Washington, consisting of an approximately square feet, multi-tenant office campus. The purchase price was approximately million , less seller credits of (i) approximately million of future rent abatement (ii) approximately million of contractual tenant improvements and closing costs of approximately million. The property was acquired with cash on hand. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

square feet, multi-tenant office campus. The purchase price was million , less seller credits of approximately million of future rent abatement, and approximately million of contractual tenant improvements. Additionally, closing costs were approximately million. 
 Building Land improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Total real estate Lease intangibles Prepaid expenses and other assets Assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Security deposits payable ) Other liabilities and deferred credits ) Liabilities assumed ) 
 The value allocated to lease intangibles is amortized over the related lease term as depreciation and amortization 
 expense in the statement of comprehensive income. The remaining weighted average amortization period as of December 31, 
 2022, is years. 
 Operating expenses Operating income Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Above market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Acquired lease intangible assets, net Below market leases Accumulated accretion ) ) Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net 

F-25 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining weighted-average amortization period as of December 31, 2022, is years, years and years for in-place leases, above market leases and below market leases, respectively. Below market leases include million related to below market renewal options, and the weighted-average period prior to the commencement of the renewal options is years.) ) ) Amortization of above market leases ) ) ) Amortization of below market leases ) ) ) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

NOTE 4. 
 
 F-26 

Interest rate swap asset Interest rate swap liability 
 The fair value of our secured notes payable and unsecured notes payable is sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates. Discounted cash flow analysis (Level 2) is generally used to estimate the fair value of our mortgages and notes payable, using rates ranging from to . 
 Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of financial instruments. The estimates of fair value presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized upon disposition of the financial instruments. The carrying values of our line of credit and term loan set forth below are deemed to be at fair value since the outstanding debt is directly tied to monthly LIBOR or SOFR contracts. Unsecured term loan 
 Unsecured senior guaranteed notes Senior unsecured notes, net Unsecured line of credit 

F-27 

NOTE 5. 
 and , respectively 
 Interest rate swap asset 
 Acquired above market leases, net Acquired in-place leases, net Lease incentives, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Right-of-use lease asset, net Prepaid expenses, deposits and other Total other assets 

NOTE 6. 
 Prepaid rent and deferred revenue Interest rate swap liability Straight-line rent liability Deferred compensation Deferred tax liability Lease liability Other liabilities Total other liabilities and deferred credits, net 
 Straight-line rent liability relates to leases which have rental payments that decrease over time or one-time upfront payments for which the rental revenue is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis. 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 7. 
 November 1, 2022 City Center Bellevue (1) 
 October 1, 2027 Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Total Secured Notes Payable 
 
 (1) Interest only. 
 
 On September 16, 2022, the Operating Partnership repaid in full, without premium or penalty, the million principal balance of the mortgage on City Center Bellevue. Concurrent therewith, the Operating Partnership entered into a new million non-recourse mortgage on City Center Bellevue. The new mortgage has a maturity date of October 1, 2027, bears interest at a fixed rate per annum of (interest only) and is secured by a first-priority deed of trust on City Center Bellevue and an assignment of all leases, rents and security deposits related to City Center Bellevue. 
 
 Additionally, the Operating Partnership has provided a carve-out guarantee on the new mortgage at City Center Bellevue. Certain loans require the Operating Partnership to comply with various financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 Certain loans require the Operating Partnership to comply with various financial covenants, including the maintenance of minimum debt coverage ratios. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all loan covenants. 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

Variable (1) 
 January 5, 2027 Term Loan B Variable (3) 
 March 1, 2023 (2) 
 Term Loan C Variable (4) 
 March 1, 2023 (2) 
 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series F (5) 
 July 19, 2024 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series B February 2, 2025 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series C April 1, 2025 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series D (6) 
 March 1, 2027 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series E (7) 
 May 23, 2029 Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series G (8) 
 July 30, 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 February 1, 2031 Debt discount and issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Total Unsecured Notes Payable 
 
 (1) The Operating Partnership has entered into interest rate swap agreements that are intended to fix the interest rate associated with Term Loan A at approximately through its maturity date, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. 
 (2) On January 5, 2023, we extended Term Loan B and Term Loan C to a maturity date of January 5, 2025 with , extension option and increased the fully drawn borrowings thereunder to million and million, respectively. 
 (3) The Operating Partnership has entered into an interest rate swap agreement that is intended to fix the interest rate associated with Term Loan B at approximately through its maturity date, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. Effective March 1, 2018, the effective interest rate associated with Term Loan B is approximately through November 30, 2022, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The interest rate swap agreement was terminated as of November 30, 2022. As such, the variable interest paid from December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 was . 
 (4) The Operating Partnership has entered into an interest rate swap agreement that is intended to fix the interest rate associated with Term Loan C at approximately through its maturity date, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. Effective March 1, 2018, the effective interest rate associated with Term Loan C is approximately through November 30, 2022, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The interest rate swap agreement was terminated as of November 30, 2022. As such, the variable interest paid from December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 was . 
 (5) The Operating Partnership entered into a treasury lock contract on May 31, 2017, which was settled on June 23, 2017 at a loss of approximately million. The treasury lock contract was deemed to be a highly effective cash flow hedge, accordingly, the effective interest rate is approximately per annum. 
 (6) The Operating Partnership entered into forward-starting interest rate swap contracts on March 29, 2016 and April 7, 2016, which were settled on January 18, 2017 at a gain of approximately million. The forward-starting interest swap rate contracts were deemed to be highly effective cash flow hedges, accordingly, the effective interest rate is approximately per annum. 
 (7) The Operating Partnership entered into a treasury lock contract on April 25, 2017, which was settled on May 11, 2017 at a gain of approximately million. The treasury lock contract was deemed to be a highly effective cash flow hedge, accordingly, the effective interest rate is approximately per annum. 
 (8) The Operating Partnership entered into a treasury lock contract on June 20, 2019, which was settled on July 17, 2019 at a gain of approximately million. The treasury lock contract was deemed to be a highly effective cash flow hedge, accordingly, the effective interest rate is approximately per annum. 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

million of senior unsecured notes (the " Senior Notes") that mature February 1, 2031 and bear interest at per annum. The Senior Notes were priced at of the principal amount with a yield to maturity of . The net proceeds of the Senior Notes, after the issuance discount, underwriting fees, and other costs were approximately million, which were primarily used to (i) prepay our million Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series A, with a make-whole payment (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement for the Series A Notes) thereon of approximately million, on January 26, 2021, (ii) repay our million then outstanding balance under our Revolver Loan on January 26, 2021, (iii) fund the development of the La Jolla Commons III office building and (iv) for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Term Loan Agreement 
 
 On March 1, 2016, the Operating Partnership entered into a Term Loan Agreement with each lender from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent (as amended, the Term Loan Agreement ). The Term Loan Agreement provides for a new, unsecured term loan to the Operating Partnership of million that matures on March 1, 2023 Term Loan B ). Concurrent with the closing of the Term Loan Agreement, the Operating Partnership drew down the entirety of Term Loan B. 
 
 On May 2, 2016, the Operating Partnership entered into a Joinder and First Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement to provide for a new lender to fund an incremental term loan. The Joinder and First Amendment provides for a new, unsecured term loan to the Operating Partnership of million that matures on March 1, 2023 ("Term Loan C"). Term Loan C has the same borrowing terms as the Term Loan Agreement noted below. Concurrent with the closing of the Joinder and First Amendment, the Operating Partnership drew down the entirety of Term Loan C. 
 
 Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement with respect to Term Loan B and Term Loan C bear interest at floating rates equal to, at our option, either (1) LIBOR, plus a spread which ranges from to based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) , (b) the prime rate, (c) the federal funds rate plus bps or (d) the Eurodollar rate plus bps, in each case plus a spread which ranges from to based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The company entered into interest rate swap agreements intended to fix the interest rates associated with Term Loan B and Term Loan C at approximately and , respectively, through the maturity dates, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. 
 
 The Term Loan Agreement contains a number of customary financial covenants, including, without limitation, tangible net worth thresholds, secured and unsecured leverage ratios and fixed charge coverage ratios. Subject to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, (i) a default in the payment of any principal or interest under Term Loan B or Term Loan C, and (ii) a default in the payment of certain other indebtedness of the Operating Partnership, the company or their subsidiaries, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest and prepayment penalties on the outstanding Term Loan B or Term Loan C will become due and payable at the option of the lenders. 
 
 On January 9, 2018, we entered into the Third Amendment Third Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement, which maintains the million unsecured term loan (Term Loan B and Term Loan C) to the Operating Partnership that matures on March 1, 2023 (the mm Term Loan ). Effective as of March 1, 2018, borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement with respect to the mm Term Loan bear interest at floating rates equal to, at the Operating Partnership s option, either (1) LIBOR, plus a spread which ranges from to based on the Operating Partnership s consolidated leverage ratio, or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) , (b) the prime rate, (c) the federal funds rate plus bps or (d) the Eurodollar rate plus bps, in each case plus a spread which ranges from to based on the Operating Partnership s consolidated leverage ratio. The foregoing rates are intended to be more favorable than previously contained in the Term Loan Agreement. Additionally, the Operating Partnership may elect for borrowings to bear interest based on a ratings-based pricing grid as per the Operating Partnership s then-applicable investment grade debt ratings under the terms set forth in the Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 On January 5, 2023, we entered into the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, which increased the aggregate unsecured borrowings from million to million and extended the maturity date of Term Loan B and Term Loan C from March 1, 2023 to January 5, 2025, with , extension option, subject to certain conditions. Borrowings under the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement bear interest at floating rates equal to, at the Operating Partnership s 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

to , or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) , (b) the prime rate, (c) the federal funds rate plus bps and (d) the one-month SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment and bps, plus, in each case, a spread (based on the Operating Partnership s consolidated leverage ratio and applicable year of the Term Loan B and Term Loan C) ranging from to . Additionally, the Operating Partnership may elect for borrowings to bear interest based on a ratings-based pricing grid based on the Operating Partnership s then-applicable investment grade debt ratings under the terms set forth in the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 Prior to entering into the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, the Operating Partnership entered into interest rate swaps that are intended to fix the interest rate associated with Term Loan B and Term Loan C at approximately (1) for the first year of Term Loan B and Term Loan C and (2) for the second year of Term Loan B and Term Loan C, subject to adjustments based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. 
 
 Senior Guaranteed Notes 
 
 On October 31, 2014, the Operating Partnership entered into a note purchase agreement (the "Note Purchase Agreement") with a group of institutional purchasers that provided for the private placement of an aggregate of million of senior guaranteed notes, of which (i) million are designated as Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series A, due October 31, 2021 (the Series A Notes ), (ii) million are designated as Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series B, due February 2, 2025 (the Series B Notes and (iii) million are designated as Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series C, due April 1, 2025 (the Series C Notes ). The Series A Notes were issued on October 31, 2014, the Series B Notes were issued on February 2, 2015 and the Series C Notes were issued on April 2, 2015. The Series A Notes, the Series B Notes and the Series C Notes will pay interest quarterly on the last day of January, April, July and October until their respective maturities. On January 26, 2021, we repaid the entirety of the million Series A Notes with a make-whole payment (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) of approximately million. 
 
 On March 1, 2017, the Operating Partnership entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for the private placement of million of Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series D, due March 1, 2027 (the "Series D Notes"). The Series D Notes were issued on March 1, 2017 and will pay interest quarterly on the last day of January, April, July and October until their respective maturities. 
 
 On May 23, 2017, the Operating Partnership entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for the private placement of million of Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series E, due May 23, 2029 (the "Series E Notes"). The Series E Notes were issued on May 23, 2017 and will pay interest semi-annually on the 23rd of May and November until their respective maturities. 
 
 On July 19, 2017, the Operating Partnership entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for the private placement of million of Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series F, due July 19, 2024 (the "Series F Notes"). The Series F Notes were issued on July 19, 2017 and will pay interest semi-annually on the 31st of January and July until their respective maturities. 
 
 On July 30, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for the private placement of million of Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series G, due July 30, 2030 (the "Series G Notes" and collectively with the Series A Notes, Series B Notes, Series C Notes, Series D Notes, Series E Notes, and Series G Notes are referred to herein as, the Notes".) The Series G Notes were issued on July 30, 2019 and will pay interest semi-annually on the 30th of July and January until their maturity. 
 The Operating Partnership may prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the Notes, in an amount not less than of the aggregate principal amount of any series of the Notes then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at of the principal amount so prepaid plus a Make-Whole Amount. 
 
 The Note Purchase Agreements contain a number of customary financial covenants, including, without limitation, tangible net worth thresholds, secured and unsecured leverage ratios and fixed charge coverage ratios. Subject to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, (i) a default in the payment of any principal, Make-Whole Amount or interest under the Notes, and (ii) a default in the payment of certain other indebtedness by us or our subsidiaries, the principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and the Make-Whole Amount on the outstanding Notes will become due and payable at the option of the purchasers. 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 (1) On January 5, 2023, we entered into a million Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, which increased the aggregate unsecured borrowings from million to million and extended the maturity date of the Term Loans B C from March 1, 2023 to January 5, 2025, with , extension option, subject to certain conditions. 
 Credit Facility 
 On January 9, 2014, the company and the Operating Partnership entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "Prior Credit Facility"), or the amended and restated credit facility, which amended and restated the then in-place credit facility. The amended and restated credit facility provides for aggregate, unsecured borrowing of million, consisting of a revolving line of credit of million (the "Prior Revolver Loan") and a term loan of million ("Term Loan A"). The Prior Credit Facility had an accordion feature that allowed the Operating Partnership to increase the availability thereunder up to an additional million, subject to meeting specified requirements and obtaining additional commitments from lenders. 
 On October 16, 2014, we entered into a first amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that amended provisions of the Prior Credit Agreement to, among other things, (1) describe the treatment of our pari passu obligations under the amended and restated credit agreement and (2) remove the material acquisition provisions previously set forth in the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 Borrowings under the Prior Credit Facility initially bore interest at floating rates equal to, at our option, either (1) LIBOR, plus a spread which ranges from (a) - (with respect to the Prior Revolver Loan) and (b) to (with respect to Term Loan A), in each case based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus bps or (c) the Eurodollar rate plus bps, plus a spread which ranges from (i) - (with respect to the Prior Revolver Loan) and (ii) to (with respect to Term Loan A), in each case based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The foregoing rates were more favorable than previously contained in the credit agreement in place as of December 31, 2013. If American Assets Trust, Inc. obtained an investment grade debt rating, under the terms set forth in the Prior Credit Facility, the spreads would further improve. 
 The Prior Revolver Loan initially matured on January 9, 2018, subject to the Operating Partnership's option to extend the Prior Revolver Loan up to times, with each such extension for a period. Term Loan A initially matured on January 9, 2016, subject to our option to extend Term Loan A up to times, with each such extension for a -month period. The foregoing extension options were exercisable by us subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Effective as of January 8, 2018, the Operating Partnership exercised the third of options to extend the maturity date of Term Loan A to January 9, 2019. 
 Concurrent with the closing of the Prior Credit Facility, the Operating Partnership drew down on the entirety of the million Term Loan, which remains outstanding and is included in unsecured notes payable as discussed above. 
 The Prior Credit Facility provided that American Assets Trust, Inc.'s annual distributions may not exceed the greater of (1) of our funds from operations FFO or (2) the amount required for us to (a) qualify and maintain our REIT status and (b) avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax. If certain events of default exist or would result from a 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

million, consisting of a revolving line of credit of million (the "Revolver Loan") and a term loan of million (the "Term Loan A"). The Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility had an accordion feature that would have allowed us to increase the availability thereunder up to an additional million, subject to meeting specified requirements and obtaining additional commitments from lenders. 
 Borrowings under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility had interest at floating rates equal to, at our option, either (1) LIBOR, plus a spread which ranges from (a) to (with respect to the Revolver Loan) and (b) to (with respect to Term Loan A), in each case based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus bps or (c) LIBOR plus bps, plus a spread which ranges from (i) to (with respect to the Revolver Loan) and (ii) to (with respect to Term Loan A), in each case based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The foregoing rates were more favorable than previously contained in the Prior Credit Facility in place as of December 31, 2017. 
 The Revolver Loan initially matured on January 9, 2022, subject to our option to extend the Revolver Loan up to times, with each such extension for a period. The extension options are exercisable by us subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 On January 9, 2019, we entered into the first amendment First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility, which extended the maturity date of Term Loan A to January 9, 2021, subject to , extension options. On October 16, 2020, we exercised an option to extend the maturity date of Term Loan A to January 9, 2022. Additionally, in connection with the First Amendment, borrowings under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility with respect to Term Loan bear interest at floating rates equal to, at our option, either (1) LIBOR, plus a spread which ranges from to based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus bps or (c) the Eurodollar rate plus bps, in each case plus a spread which ranges from to based on our consolidated total leverage ratio. The foregoing rates were more favorable than previously contained in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility (prior to entry into the First Amendment) with respect to Term Loan A. 
 On January 5, 2022, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Facility, which provides for aggregate, unsecured borrowings of up to million, consisting of a revolving line of credit of million (the 2022 Revolver Loan and a term loan of million (the 2022 Term Loan A ). The 2022 Revolver Loan initially matures on January 5, 2026, subject to , extension options. The 2022 Term Loan A matures on January 5, 2027, with no further extension options. Borrowings under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates equal to, at the Operating Partnership s option, either (1) the applicable Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus the applicable SOFR Adjustment and a spread which ranges from (a) - (with respect to the 2022 Revolver Loans) and (b) to (with respect to the 2022 Term Loan A), in each case based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus bps, (c) the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month plus bps and (d) , plus a spread which ranges from (i) - (with respect to 2022 Revolver Loan) and (ii) to (with respect to the 2022 Term Loan A), in each case based on our consolidated leverage ratio. Note that on January 14, 2022, the Operating Partnership entered into an interest rate swap agreement that is intended to fix the interest rate associated with the 2022 Term Loan A at approximately through January 5, 2027, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding under the 2022 Revolver Loan. Approximately million of net debt issuance costs are included in the unsecured line of credit, net on the balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on the 2022 Revolver Loan was . 
 Additionally, the Third Amended and Restated Credit Facility included a number of customary financial covenants that were unchanged from the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility, including: 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

, 
 A maximum secured leverage ratio (defined as total secured debt to secured total asset value) of , 
 A minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (defined as consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to consolidated fixed charges) of x, 
 A minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio of x, 
 A maximum unsecured leverage ratio of , and 
 Recourse indebtedness at any time cannot exceed of total asset value. 
 Consistent with the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility, the Third Amended and Restated Credit Facility provided that our annual distributions may not exceed the greater of (1) of our FFO or (2) the amount required for us to (a) qualify and maintain our REIT status and (b) avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax. If certain events of default exist or would result from a distribution, we may be precluded from making distributions other than those necessary to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership was in compliance with all then in-place Third Amended and Restated Credit Facility covenants. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 8. 
 
 million at approximately through its original maturity date, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. 
 On January 29, 2016, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract with U.S. Bank National Association to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our then prospective million term loan. The forward-starting swap contract had a notional amount of million, a termination date of March 1, 2023, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the one-month LIBOR, with fixed rate payments due monthly commencing April 1, 2016, floating payments due monthly commencing April 1, 2016, and floating reset dates prior to the first day of each calculation period. The forward-starting swap contract accrual period, March 1, 2016 to March 1, 2023, was designed to match the expected tenor of our then prospective million term loan, which successfully closed on March 1, 2016. 
 
 On March 23, 2016, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our then prospective incremental million term loan. The forward-starting swap contract had a notional amount of million, a termination date of March 1, 2023, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the one-month LIBOR, with fixed rate payments due monthly commencing June 1, 2016, floating payments due monthly commencing June 1, 2016, and floating reset dates prior to the first day of each calculation period. The forward-starting swap contract accrual period, May 2, 2016 to March 1, 2023, was designed to match the expected tenor of our then prospective incremental million term loan, which successfully closed on May 2, 2016. 
 
 On March 29, 2016, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our prospective new debt offering (private placement, investment grade bonds, term loan or otherwise) (anticipated to close on or before March 31, 2017). The forward-starting swap contract had a notional amount of million, a termination date of March 31, 2027, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the three-month LIBOR, with fixed rate payments due semi-annually commencing September 29, 2017, floating payments due semi-annually commencing September 29, 2017, and floating reset dates the first day of each quarterly period. The forward-starting swap contract accrual period, March 31, 2017 to March 31, 2027, was designed to match the expected tenor of our prospective new debt offering (private placement, investment grade bonds, term loan or otherwise). 
 
 On April 7, 2016, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our prospective new debt offering (private placement, investment grade bonds, term loan or otherwise) (anticipated to close on or before March 31, 2017). The forward-starting swap contract had a notional amount of million, a termination date of March 31, 2027, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the three-month LIBOR, with fixed rate payments due semi-annually commencing September 29, 2017, floating payments due semi-annually commencing September 29, 2017, and floating reset dates the first day of each quarterly period. The forward-starting swap contract accrual period, March 31, 2017 to March 31, 2027, was designed to match the expected tenor of our prospective new debt offering (private placement, investment grade bonds, term loan or otherwise). 
 
 On January 18, 2017, we settled the March 29, 2016 million and April 7, 2016 million forward-starting interest rate swaps resulting in an aggregate gain of approximately million. This gain is included in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the Series D Notes. The forward-starting interest rate swap contracts have been deemed to be highly effective cash flow hedges and we elected to designate all the forward-starting swap contracts as accounting hedges. 

F-36 

Table of Contents 

private placement. The April 2017 Treasury Lock had a notional amount of million, termination date of May 18, 2017, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the treasury rate on the settlement date. 
 
 On May 11, 2017, we settled the April 2017 Treasury Lock, resulting in a gain of approximately million. This gain is included in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense over . The April 2017 Treasury Lock has been deemed to be a highly effective cash flow hedge and we elected to designate the April 2017 Treasury Lock as an accounting hedge. 
 
 On May 31, 2017, we entered into a treasury lock contract (the "May 2017 Treasury Lock") with Bank of America, National Association, to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our then prospective new private placement. The May 2017 Treasury Lock had a notional amount of million, termination date of July 26, 2017, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the treasury rate on the settlement date. 
 
 On June 23, 2017, we settled the May 2017 Treasury Lock, resulting in a loss of approximately million. This loss is included in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense over . The May 2017 Treasury Lock has been deemed to be a highly effective cash flow hedge and we elected to designate the May 2017 Treasury Lock as an accounting hedge. 
 
 On November 26, 2018, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with Bank of America, National Association, to fix the interest rate associated with Term Loan A associated with our then prospective First Amendment at approximately through its maturity date of January 9, 2021, subject to adjustments based on our consolidated leverage ratio. 
 
 On June 20, 2019, we entered into a treasury lock contract (the "June 2019 Treasury Lock") with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our then prospective private placement. The treasury lock contract has a notional amount of million, termination date of July 31, 2019, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the treasury rate on the settlement date. 
 
 On July 17, 2019, we settled the June 2019 Treasury Lock, resulting in a gain of approximately million, which is included in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense over . The treasury lock contract has been deemed to be a highly effective cash flow hedge and we elected to designate the treasury lock contract as an accounting hedge. 
 
 On August 11, 2020, we entered into a treasury lock contract (the "August 2020 Treasury Lock") with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of a then prospective future financing. The treasury lock contract had a notional amount of million, termination date of November 12, 2020, a fixed pay rate of , and a receive rate equal to the treasury rate on the settlement date. We determined that there was no compelling reason from a capital requirement perspective to move forward with the prospective financing at prevailing rates and, as a result, on October 1, 2020, we settled the August 2020 Treasury Lock, resulting in gain or loss. 
 
 On January 14, 2022, we entered into separate interest rate swap contracts, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and with Bank of America, National Association, to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the interest cash flows of the 2022 Term Loan A. Each of the swap contracts have a notional amount of million, a termination date of January 5, 2027, a fixed pay rate of (both swaps combined), and a receive rate equal to the one-month SOFR, with fixed rate payments due monthly commencing February 1, 2022, floating payments due monthly commencing February 1, 2022, and floating reset dates prior to the first day of each calculation period. The swap contracts accrual period, January 14, 2022 to January 5, 2027, was designed to match the tenor of our 2022 Term Loan A, which successfully closed on January 5, 2022. 
 
 On November 30, 2022, we terminated the million and million forward-starting interest rate swaps entered into on January 29, 2016 and March 23, 2016, respectively, resulting in an aggregate gain of approximately million. This gain is included in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense, net through March 1, 2023, the original maturity of the forward-starting interest rate swaps. The forward-starting interest rate swap contracts have been deemed to be highly effective cash flow hedges and we elected to designate all the forward-starting swap contracts as accounting hedges. 

F-37 

Table of Contents 

separate forward-starting interest rate swap contracts, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and with Mizuho Capital Markets LLC, to reduce the interest rate variability exposure of the projected interest cash flows of our then prospective million amended and restated term loan. The forward-starting swap contract had a notional amount of million, a termination date of January 5, 2025, a fixed pay rate of (both swaps combined), and a receive rate equal to the one-month SOFR, with fixed rate payments due monthly commencing February 6, 2023, floating payments due monthly commencing February 1, 2023, and floating reset dates prior to the first day of each calculation period. The forward-starting swap contract accrual period, January 5, 2023 to January 5, 2025, was designed to match the expected tenor of our then prospective million term loan, which successfully closed on January 5, 2023. 
 1/14/2022 1/5/2027 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 1/14/2022 1/5/2027 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 1/5/2023 1/5/2025 Mizuho Capital Markets LLC 1/5/2023 1/5/2025 ) 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are being recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income and will be subsequently reclassified into earnings during the period in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the next twelve months, we estimate that million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. 

NOTE 9. 
 common units (the Noncontrolling Common Units outstanding. American Assets Trust, Inc. owned of the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2022. The remaining of the partnership interests are owned by non-affiliated investors and certain of our directors and executive officers. Common units and shares of the company's common stock have essentially the same economic characteristics in that common units and shares of the company's common stock share equally in the total net income or loss distributions of the Operating Partnership. 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. is the Operating Partnership s general partner and is responsible for the management of the Operating Partnership s business. As the general partner of the Operating Partnership, the company effectively controls the ability to issue common stock of American Assets Trust, Inc. upon a limited partner s notice of redemption. Investors who own common units have the right to cause the Operating Partnership to redeem any or all of their common units for cash equal to the then-current market value of share of the company's common stock, or, at the company's election, shares of the company's common stock on a -for-one basis. In addition, American Assets Trust, Inc. has generally acquired common units upon a limited partner s notice of redemption in exchange for shares of the company's common stock. The redemption provisions of common units owned by limited partners that permit the Operating Partnership to settle in either cash or common stock at the option of the company are further evaluated in accordance with applicable accounting guidance to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the balance sheet is appropriate. The Operating Partnership evaluated this guidance, including the requirement to settle in unregistered shares, and determined that these common units meet the requirements to qualify for presentation as permanent equity. 
 , and , respectively, common units were converted into shares of the company's common stock. 

F-38 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 10. 
 sales agents under which we may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. The sale of shares of our common stock made through the ATM equity program are made in "at-the-market" offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. For the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were sold through the ATM equity program. 
 
 We intend to use the net proceeds from the ATM equity program to fund our development or redevelopment activities, repay amounts outstanding from time to time under our revolving line of credit or other debt financing obligations, fund potential acquisition opportunities and/or for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we had the capacity to issue up to million in shares of our common stock under our current ATM equity program. Actual future sales will depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and our capital needs. As of December 31, 2022, we have no obligation to sell the remaining shares available for sale under the active ATM equity program. 
 Preferred Stock Authorized Shares 
 We have been authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of , of which shares were outstanding at December 31, 2022. Upon issuance, our board of directors has the ability to define the terms of the preferred shares, including voting rights, liquidation preferences, conversion and redemption provisions and dividend rates. 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

January 1, 2020 to March 31, 2020 March 26, 2020 Second Quarter 2020 April 1, 2020 to June 30, 2020 June 25, 2020 Third Quarter 2020 July 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 September 24, 2020 Fourth Quarter 2020 October 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 December 24, 2020 First Quarter 2021 January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021 March 25, 2021 Second Quarter 2021 April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021 June 24, 2021 Third Quarter 2021 July 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021 September 23, 2021 Fourth Quarter 2021 October 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 December 23, 2021 First Quarter 2022 January 1, 2022 to March 31, 2022 March 24, 2022 Second Quarter 2022 April 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 June 23, 2022 Third Quarter 2022 July 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022 September 22, 2022 Fourth Quarter 2022 October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 December 22, 2022 
 Taxability of Dividends 
 Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of distributions to stockholders and holders of common units, may differ from income reported for financial reporting purposes due to the differences for federal income tax purposes in the treatment of loss on extinguishment of debt, revenue recognition and compensation expense and in the basis of depreciable assets and estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation. Capital gain Return of capital Total 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The company has established the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan, which provides for grants to directors, employees and consultants of the company and the Operating Partnership of stock options, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, stock payments, performance shares, LTIP units, stock appreciation rights and other incentive awards. In June 2020, at the annual shareholder meeting, the shareholders approved the Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the "Amended and Restated 2011 Plan"). An aggregate of shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan, and as of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock remain available for future issuance. 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

December 4, 2020 (2) 
 - 
 June 8, 2021 (1) 
 December 9, 2021 (3) 
 - 
 June 7, 2022 (1) 
 December 7, 2022 (4) 
 - 
 
 (1) Restricted common stock issued to members of the company's non-employee directors. These awards of restricted stock will vest subject to the director's continued service on the Board of Directors on the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the date of grant or (ii) the date of the next annual meeting of our stockholders, if such non-employee director continues his or her service on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders, but not thereafter, pursuant to our independent director compensation policy. 
 (2) Restricted common stock issued to certain of the company's senior management and other employees, which are subject to quantitative and qualitative performance criteria based vesting. Up to one-third of the shares of restricted stock may vest based on such performance criteria determined as of November 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, subject to the employee's continued employment on those dates. 
 (3) Restricted common stock issued to certain of the company's senior management and other employees, which are subject to quantitative and qualitative performance criteria based vesting. Up to one-third of the shares of restricted stock may vest based on such performance criteria determined as of November 30, 2022, 2023 and 2024, subject to the employee's continued employment on those dates. 
 
 For the 2019 grants and 2020 grants, the fair value of the awards was estimated using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. Our stock price, along with the stock prices of the group of peer REITs, is assumed to follow the Multivariate Geometric Brownian Motion Process. Multivariate Geometric Brownian Motion is a common assumption when modeling in financial markets, as it allows the modeled quantity (in this case, the stock price) to vary randomly from its current value and take any value greater than zero. The volatilities of the returns on the stock price of the company and the group REITs were estimated based on a three year look-back period. The expected growth rate of the stock prices over the derived service period of the employee is determined with consideration of the risk free rate as of the grant date. 
 For the 2021 grants and 2022 grants, the fair value of the awards was estimated using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. For the 2021 and 2022 grants vesting is subject to multiple vesting conditions as follows: (1) a service condition which requires continued employment of the employee as of each vesting date during the vesting term for the employee to be eligible for vesting, (2) a performance condition with respect to our FFO per share for the FFO performance periods and (3) a market condition with respect to our relative total shareholder return performance over a , and performance as compared to a pre-determined index. On each measurement date the performance condition and market condition performance will determine the number of shares that vest. We measure stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award on the grant date, adjusted for changes to probabilities of achieving performance targets, and recognize expense over the vesting period. For the restricted stock grants that are time-vesting, issued to our non-employee directors, we estimate the stock compensation expense based on the fair value of the stock at the grant date. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at end of year 
 We recognize noncash compensation expense ratably over the vesting period, and accordingly, we recognized million, million and million in noncash compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2022, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years . 
 Earnings Per Share 
 We have calculated earnings per share EPS under the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation methodology whereby EPS for each class of common stock and participating security is calculated according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had a weighted average of approximately shares, shares and unvested shares outstanding, respectively, which are considered participating securities. Therefore, we have allocated our earnings for basic and diluted EPS between common shares and unvested shares. 
 Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common and dilutive instruments outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. For the year ended December 31, 2022, diluted shares exclude incentive restricted stock as these awards are considered contingently issuable. Additionally, the unvested restricted stock awards subject to time vesting are anti-dilutive for all periods presented and accordingly, have been excluded from the weighted average common shares used to compute diluted EPS. 
 
 Earnings Per Unit of the Operating Partnership 
 Basic earnings (loss) per unit EPU of the Operating Partnership is computed by dividing income (loss) applicable to unitholders by the weighted average Operating Partnership units outstanding, as adjusted for the effect of participating securities. Operating Partnership units granted in equity-based payment transactions are considered participating securities prior to vesting. The impact of unvested Operating Partnership unit awards on EPU has been calculated using the two-class method whereby earnings are allocated to the unvested Operating Partnership unit awards based on distributions and the unvested Operating Partnership units participation rights in undistributed earnings (losses). 
 The calculation of diluted earnings per unit for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 does not include , , and unvested weighted average Operating Partnership units, respectively, as these equity securities are either considered contingently issuable or the effect of including these equity securities was anti-dilutive. 
 Less: Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) Less: Income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders basic 
 Income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. common stockholders basic 
 Plus: Income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders diluted 
 DENOMINATOR Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities conversion of Operating Partnership units 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 Earnings per common share, basic Earnings per common share, diluted 

F-42 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 11. 
 million and million, and a deferred tax liability is included in our consolidated balance sheets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in relation to real estate asset basis differences and prepaid expenses for our TRS. 
 ) State Deferred: Federal ) State ) Provision for income taxes (benefit) ) 

F-43 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 12. 
 of net revenues from the retail portion of Waikiki Beach Walk. Pursuant to the terms of the retail management agreement, if the agreement is terminated in certain instances, including our election not to repair damage or destruction at the property, a condemnation or our failure to make required working capital infusions, we would be obligated to pay Outrigger a termination fee equal to the sum of the management fees paid for the immediately preceding the termination date. The retail management agreement may not be terminated by us or by Outrigger without cause. Under our management agreement with Outrigger relating to the hotel portion of Waikiki Beach Walk (the hotel management agreement ), we pay Outrigger a monthly management fee of of the hotel's gross operating profit, as well as of the hotel's gross revenues; provided that the aggregate management fee payable to Outrigger for any year shall not exceed of the hotel's gross revenues for such fiscal year. Pursuant to the terms of the hotel management agreement, if the agreement is terminated in certain instances, including upon a transfer by us of the hotel or upon a default by us under the hotel management agreement, we would be required to pay a cancellation fee calculated by multiplying (1) the management fees for the previous months by (2) (a) , if the agreement is terminated in the first years of its term, or (b) , , or , if the agreement is terminated in the twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth or fifteenth year, respectively, of its term. The hotel management agreement may not be terminated by us or by Outrigger without cause. Additionally, we have entered into a management agreement with Outrigger pursuant to which Outrigger manages our Waikele Center and Shops at Kalakaua. In connection with such management agreement, we pay Outrigger a fixed management fee of per month in the aggregate plus additional amounts for any lease renewal services provided by Outrigger at our request. This management agreement may be terminated by us at any time and for any reason on at least days' notice without payment of any cancellation or termination fees. 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership, WBW Hotel Lessee LLC, entered into a franchise license agreement with Embassy Suites Franchise LLC, the franchisor of the brand Embassy Suites , to obtain the non-exclusive right to operate the hotel under the Embassy Suites brand for years. The franchise license agreement provides that WBW Hotel Lessee LLC must comply with certain management, operational, record keeping, accounting, reporting and marketing standards and procedures. In connection with this agreement, we are also subject to the terms of a product improvement plan pursuant to which we expect to undertake certain actions to ensure that our hotel's infrastructure is maintained in compliance with the franchisor's brand standards. In addition, we must pay to Embassy Suites Franchise LLC a monthly franchise royalty fee equal to of the hotel's gross room revenue through December 2021 and of the hotel's gross room revenue thereafter, as well as a monthly program fee equal to of the hotel's gross room revenue. If the franchise license is terminated due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment, which could be as high as million based on operating performance through December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

to years. The work performed is financed through an escrow account funded by the seller upon our purchase of the Del Monte Center. We believe the funds in the escrow account are sufficient for the remaining work to be performed. However, if further work is required costing more than the remaining escrow funds, we could be required to pay such overage, although we may have a contractual claim for such costs against the prior owner or our environmental remediation consultant. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the company accrued approximately million for transfer taxes in connection with its Offering. The company believes that it has filed all necessary forms with the requisite taxing authorities. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Our properties are located in Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii. The ability of the tenants to honor the terms of their respective leases is dependent upon the economic, regulatory and social factors affecting the markets in which the tenants operate. of our consolidated properties, representing of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, are located in Southern California, which exposes us to greater economic risks than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. Our mixed-use property located in Honolulu, Hawaii accounted for of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Tenants in the office industry accounted for and of total revenues for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This makes us susceptible to demand for office rental space and subject to the risks associated with an investment in real estate with a concentration of tenants in the office industry. 
 Tenants in the retail industry accounted for and of total revenues for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This makes us susceptible to demand for retail rental space and subject to the risks associated with an investment in real estate with a concentration of tenants in the retail industry. Two retail properties, Alamo Quarry Market and Waikele Center, accounted for and of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no tenant accounted for more than of our total rental revenue. At December 31, 2022, Google LLC at The Landmark at One Market accounted for of total annualized base rent. Three other tenants (LPL Holdings, Inc., Autodesk, Inc., and Smartsheet, Inc.) comprise of our total annualized base rent at December 31, 2022, in the aggregate. No other tenants represent greater than of our total annualized base rent. Total annualized base rent used for the percentage calculations includes the annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022 for our office properties, retail properties and the retail portion of our mixed-use property. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 to (certain leases with anchor tenants may be longer), and in addition to minimum rents, usually provide for cost recoveries for the tenant s share of certain operating costs. Our leases may also include variable lease payments in the form of percentage rents based on the tenant s level of sales achieved in excess of a breakpoint threshold. Leases on apartments generally range from to , with a majority having months lease terms. Rooms at the hotel portion of our mixed-use property are rented on a nightly basis. 
 Leases at our office and retail properties and the retail portion of our mixed-use property may contain lease extension options, at our lessee's discretion. The extension options are generally for to years and contain primarily rent at fixed rates or the prevailing market rent. The extension options are generally exercisable to months prior to the expiration of the lease and require the lessee to not be in default of the lease terms. 

F-45 

Table of Contents 

states: California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately leases with office and retail tenants, including the retail portion of our mixed-use property. Our multifamily properties are located in Southern California and Portland, Oregon, and we had leases with residential tenants at December 31, 2022, excluding Santa Fe Park RV Resort. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The above future minimum rentals exclude residential leases, which are typically range from to , and exclude the hotel, as rooms are rented on a nightly basis. 
 
 Lessee Operating Leases 
 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our lease agreements are generally for real estate, and the determination of whether such agreements contain leases generally does not require significant estimates or judgments. We lease real estate under operating leases. 
 At The Landmark at One Market, we lease, as lessee, a building adjacent to The Landmark at One Market under an operating lease effective through June 30, 2026, which we have the option to extend until 2031 by way of the remaining extension option (the "Annex Lease"). The lease payments under the extension option provided for under the Annex Lease will be equal to the fair rental value at the time the extension option is exercised. The extension option is included in the calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability as we are reasonably certain of exercising the extension option. In March 2020, we exercised a extension option to extend the Annex Lease through June 30, 2026, which was memorialized in a lease amendment executed in August 2020 that additionally modified other certain lease payment terms. 
 Our lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. As our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liability 
 
 Sublease income ) ) Total lease (income) cost ) Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity related to our operating leases are as follow (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating cash flow information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Subleases 
 At The Landmark at One Market, we (as sublandlord) sublease the Annex Lease building under operating leases effective through December 31, 2029. The subleases contain extension options, subject to our ability to extend the Annex Lease, that can extend the subleases through December 31, 2039 at the fair rental value at the time the extension option is exercised. 

F-47 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14. 
 Retail Multifamily Mixed-Use Percentage rent Hotel revenue Other Total rental income 
 Minimum rents include million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to recognize minimum rents on a straight-line basis. In addition, minimum rents include million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to recognize the amortization of above and below market leases. 
 Hotel operating Repairs and maintenance Marketing Rent Hawaii excise tax Management fees Total rental expenses 

NOTE 15. 
 Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Other non-operating (expense) income ) Total other (expense) income ) ) 

F-48 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 16. 
 at an average annual rental rate of million. During the third quarter of 2020, we entered into a new lease with AAI for office space at Torrey Point to replace its existing lease at Torrey Reserve Campus. Rents commenced on March 1, 2021 for an initial lease term of at an average annual rental rate of million. Rental revenue recognized on the leases of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included in rental income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 At Torrey Reserve Campus, we lease space to EDisability, LLC, an entity majority owned and controlled by Mr. Rady. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into a lease termination agreement with EDisability, LLC and entered into a new lease agreement for office space at Torrey Reserve Campus. Rents under the new lease agreement commenced on June 1, 2021 for an initial at an average rental rate of million. Rent revenue recognized on the lease of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included in rental income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 On occasion, the company utilizes aircraft services provided by AAI Aviation, Inc. ("AAIA"), an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Rady. For the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred approximately million, million and million, respectively, of expenses related to aircraft services of AAIA or reimbursement to Mr. Rady (or his trust) for use of the aircraft owned by AAIA. These expenses are recorded as general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Rady and his affiliates owned approximately of our outstanding common stock and of our outstanding common units, which together represent an approximate beneficial interest in our company on a fully diluted basis. 
 
 The Waikiki Beach Walk entities have a investment in WBW CHP LLC, an entity that was formed to, among other things, construct a chilled water plant to provide air conditioning to the property and other adjacent facilities. The operating expenses of WBW CHP LLC are recovered through reimbursements from its members, and reimbursements to WBW CHP LLC of million, million and million were made for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and included in rental expenses on the statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 business segments: the acquisition, redevelopment, ownership and management of retail real estate, office real estate, multifamily real estate and mixed-use real estate. The products for our retail segment primarily include rental of retail space and other tenant services, including tenant reimbursements, parking and storage space rental. The products for our office segment primarily include rental of office space and other tenant services, including tenant reimbursements, parking and storage space rental. The products for our multifamily segment include rental of apartments and other tenant services. The products of our mixed-use segment include rental of retail space and other tenant services, including tenant reimbursements, parking and storage space rental and operation of a -room all-suite hotel. 
 We evaluate the performance of our segments based on segment profit which is defined as property revenue less property expenses. We do not use asset information as a measure to assess performance and make decisions to allocate resources. Therefore, depreciation and amortization expense is not allocated among segments. General and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense and other income and expense are not included in segment profit as our internal reporting addresses these items on a corporate level. 
 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 

Property expense ) ) ) Segment profit Total Retail Property revenue Property expense ) ) ) Segment profit Total Multifamily Property revenue Property expense ) ) ) Segment profit Total Mixed-Use Property revenue Property expense ) ) ) Segment profit Total segments profit 
 General and administrative ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Net income Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) Net income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. stockholders 

F-50 

Table of Contents 

Retail Multifamily Mixed-Use Secured Notes Payable (1) 
 Office Retail Capital Expenditures (2) 
 Office Retail Multifamily Mixed-Use 
 
 (1) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Capital expenditures represent cash paid for capital expenditures during the year and includes leasing commissions paid. 

F-51 

NOTE 18. 
 Operating income Net income Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. stockholders 
 Net income per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Total revenue Operating income Net income Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to unitholders in the Operating Partnership ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, Inc. stockholders Net income per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted 

F-52 

Operating income Net income Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, L.P. unit holders 
 Net income per unit attributable to unit holders - basic and diluted 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Total revenue Operating income Net income Net income attributable to restricted shares ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to American Assets Trust, L.P. unit holders Net income per unit attributable to common unit holders - basic and diluted 

F-53 

NOTE 19. 
 million. 
 On January 5, 2023, we entered into the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, which increased the aggregate, unsecured borrowings from million to million and extended the maturity date of Term Loan B and Term Loan C from March 1, 2023 to January 5, 2025, with , extension option, subject to certain conditions. 
 On January 6, 2023, we repaid in full the million outstanding balance on our revolving line of credit under our Third Amended and Restated Credit Facility. 

F-54 

Table of Contents 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 SCHEDULE III Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (In Thousands) 

 ) 1997/1999 12/9/2003 years Carmel Country Plaza ) 1991 1/10/1989 years Carmel Mountain Plaza ) 1994/2014 3/28/2003 years Del Monte Center ) 1967/1984/2006 4/8/2004 years Gateway Marketplace ) 1997/2016 7/6/2017 years Geary Marketplace ) 2012 12/19/2012 years Hassalo on Eighth - Retail ) 2015 7/1/2011 years Lomas Santa Fe Plaza ) 1972/1997 6/12/1995 years The Shops at Kalakaua ) 1971/2006 3/31/2005 years Solana Beach Towne Centre ) 1973/2000/2004 1/19/2011 years South Bay Marketplace ) 1997 9/16/1995 years Waikele Center ) 1993/2008 9/16/2004 years City Center Bellevue ) 1987 8/21/2012 years Eastgate Office Park ) 1985 7/7/2021 years Corporate Campus East III ) 1986 9/10/2021 years Bel-Spring 520 ) 1983 3/8/2022 years First Main ) 2010 3/11/2011 years The Landmark at One Market ) 1917/2000 6/30/2010 years Lloyd Portfolio ) 1940-2015 7/1/2011 years One Beach Street ) 1924/1972/1987/1992 1/24/2012 years Solana Crossing: Solana Crossing I-II ) 1982/2005 1/19/2011 years Solana Crossing III-IV ) 1982/2005 1/19/2011 years Solana Crossing Land N/A 1/19/2011 N/A Torrey Reserve Campus: Torrey Plaza ) 1996-1997/2014 6/6/1989 years Pacific North Court ) 1997-1998 6/6/1989 years Pacific South Court ) 1996-1997 6/6/1989 years Pacific VC ) 1998/2000 6/6/1989 years Pacific Torrey Daycare ) 1996-1997 6/6/1989 years Torrey Reserve Building 6 ) 2013 6/6/1989 years Torrey Reserve Building 5 ) 2014 6/6/1989 years Torrey Reserve Building 13 14 ) 2015 6/6/1989 years Torrey Point ) 2018 5/9/1997 years La Jolla Commons La Jolla Commons I-II ) 2008-2014 6/20/2019 years La Jolla Commons Land N/A 6/20/2019 N/A Imperial Beach Gardens ) 1959/2008 7/31/1985 years Loma Palisades ) 1958/2001 - 2008/2021 7/20/1990 years Mariner s Point ) 1986 5/9/2001 years 
 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 SCHEDULE III Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (In Thousands) 

 ) 1971/2007-2008 6/1/1979 years Pacific Ridge Apartments ) 2013 4/28/2017 years Hassalo on Eighth - Multifamily ) 2015 7/1/2011 years Waikiki Beach Walk: Retail ) 2006 1/19/2011 years Hotel ) 2008/2014/2020 1/19/2011 years ) 
 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 SCHEDULE III Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation -(Continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

Additions: Property acquisitions Improvements Deductions: Cost of Real Estate Sold Other (1) 
 ) ) ) Balance, end of period Accumulated depreciation Balance, beginning of period Additions depreciation Deductions: Cost of Real Estate Sold Other (1) 
 ) ) ) Balance, end of period 

F-57 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 aatdescriptonofsecuritiesn.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 References to we, us, our, or the company mean, unless the context indicates otherwise, American Assets Trust, Inc., not including any of the entities subsidiaries owned or controlled by American Assets Trust, Inc. When we refer to the company s Charter, we mean the company s articles of incorporation, as amended, supplemented and restated from time to time. When we refer to our operating partnership we mean American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 The following is a summary of the general terms of the company s common stock. This description is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Maryland General Corporation Law (or MGCL and our Charter and Bylaws, copies of which are exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 General 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of stock of all classes which the company has authority to issue is 500,000,000 shares, consisting of 490,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our Charter authorizes the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ), with the approval of a majority of the entire Board of Directors and without any action by our stockholders, to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of any class or series of our stock that we have the authority to issue. 
 Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividends 
 Subject to the preferential rights of holders of any other class or series of our stock and to the provisions of our Charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions on such shares if, as and when authorized by the Board of Directors out of assets legally available therefor and declared by us and to share ratably in the assets of our company legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment or establishment of reserves for all known debts and liabilities of our company.. 
 Voting Rights 
 Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of our stock, each outstanding share of our common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and the holders of shares of our common stock will possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our directors. Directors are elected by a plurality of all of the votes cast in the election of directors. 
 Other Rights 
 Holders of shares of our common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of our company. Our Charter provides that our stockholders generally have no appraisal rights unless the Board of Directors determines prospectively that appraisal rights will apply to one or more transactions in which holders of our common stock would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. Subject to the provisions of our Charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of our common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 

Liquidation Rights 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert, consolidate, sell all or substantially all of its assets or engage in a statutory share exchange unless declared advisable by its board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our Charter provides for approval of any of these matters by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such matters, except that the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors is required to remove a director and the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter is required to amend the provisions of our Charter relating to the removal of directors, specifying that our stockholders may act without a meeting only by unanimous consent, or specifying the vote required to amend such provisions. Maryland law also permits a Maryland corporation to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of its stockholders to an entity if all of the equity interests of the entity are owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation. Because our operating assets may be held by our operating partnership or its subsidiaries, these subsidiaries may be able to merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets without the approval of our stockholders. 
 Undesignated Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes the Board of Directors to reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock into other classes or series of stock, to establish the designation and number of shares of each such class or series and to set, subject to the provisions of our Charter relating to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions for redemption of each such class or series. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, our stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of the outstanding shares of stock (after taking into account options to acquire shares of stock) may be owned, directly, indirectly or through application of certain attribution rules by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities such as private foundations) at any time during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). 
 Our Charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our stock that are intended to assist us in complying with these requirements and continuing to qualify as a REIT. The relevant sections of our Charter provide that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person or entity may actually or beneficially own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Code, more than 7.275 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or 7.275 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our stock, in each case excluding any shares of our common stock that are not treated as outstanding for federal income tax purposes. We refer to each of these restrictions as an ownership limit and collectively as the ownership limits. A person or entity that would have acquired actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock but for the application of the ownership limits or any of the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock discussed below is referred to as a prohibited owner. 
 The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 7.275 of our common stock (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, our common stock) by an individual or entity, could, nevertheless cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to own constructively in excess of 7.275 of our outstanding common stock and thereby violate the applicable ownership limit. 

The Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, prospectively or retroactively, may exempt a person from either or both of the ownership limits if doing so would not result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT and our Board of Directors reasonably determines that such waiver will not cause or allow 
 five or fewer individuals to actually or beneficially own more than 49 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our stock and 
 subject to certain exceptions, us to own, actually or constructively, more than a 9.9 interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in a tenant of ours (or a tenant of an entity owned in whole or in part by us). 
 As a condition of the exception, our Board of Directors may require an opinion of counsel or Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, ruling, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, in order to determine or ensure our status as a REIT and such representations, covenants and undertakings from the person requesting the exception as are reasonably necessary or prudent to make the determinations above. The Board of Directors may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with such an exception. 
 In connection with past offerings of our common stock, the Board of Directors has granted to Mr. Rady (and certain of his affiliates) an exemption from the ownership limits that will allow him to own, in the aggregate, up to 19.9 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock, subject to various conditions and limitations. 
 In connection with a waiver of an ownership limit or at any other time, the Board of Directors may, in its sole and absolute discretion, increase or decrease one or both of the ownership limits for one or more persons, except that a decreased ownership limit will not be effective for any person whose actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock exceeds the decreased ownership limit at the time of the decrease until the person s actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock equals or falls below the decreased ownership limit, although any further acquisition of our stock will violate the decreased ownership limit. The Board of Directors may not increase or decrease any ownership limit if, among other limitations, the new ownership limit would allow five or fewer persons to actually or beneficially own more than 49 in value of our outstanding stock or could otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our Charter provisions further prohibit 
 any person from actually, beneficially or constructively owning shares of our stock that could result in us being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT (including, but not limited to, actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our stock that could result in (i) us owning (actually or constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code, or (ii) any manager of a qualified lodging facility, within the meaning of Section 856(d)(9)(D) of the Code, leased by us to one of our taxable REIT subsidiaries failing to qualify as an eligible independent contractor within the meaning of Section 856(d)(9)(A) of the Code, in each case if the income we derive from such tenant or such taxable REIT subsidiary, taking into account our other income that would not qualify under the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code, would cause us to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements imposed on REITs) and 
 any person from transferring shares of our stock if such transfer would result in shares of our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution). 
 Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our stock that will or may violate the ownership limits or any of the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock described above must give written notice immediately to us or, in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, provide us at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on our status as a REIT. 

The ownership limits and other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock described above will not apply if our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required in order for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 Pursuant to our Charter, if any purported transfer of our stock or any other event would otherwise result in any person violating the ownership limits or such other limit established by our Board of Directors, or could result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then that number of shares causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) will be automatically transferred to, and held by, a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable organizations selected by us. The prohibited owner will have no rights in shares of our stock held by the trustee. The automatic transfer will be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the violative transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the trust. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the prohibited owner prior to our discovery that the shares had been automatically transferred to a trust as described above, must be repaid to the trustee upon demand. If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective, for any reason, to prevent violation of the applicable restriction on ownership and transfer of our stock, then that transfer of the number of shares that otherwise would cause any person to violate the above restrictions will be void. If any transfer of our stock would result in shares of our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution), then any such purported transfer will be void and of no force or effect and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in the shares. 
 Shares of our stock transferred to the trustee are deemed offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (1) the price per share paid in the transaction that resulted in the transfer of the shares to the trust (or, in the event of a gift, devise or other such transaction, the last reported sale price on the NYSE on the day of the transfer or other event that resulted in the transfer of such shares to the trust) and (2) the last reported sale price on the NYSE on the date we accept, or our designee accepts, such offer. We must reduce the amount payable to the prohibited owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions paid to the prohibited owner and owed by the prohibited owner to the trustee and pay the amount of such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. We have the right to accept such offer until the trustee has sold the shares of our stock held in the trust. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold terminates and the trustee must distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner, and any dividends or other distributions held by the trustee with respect to such stock will be paid to the charitable beneficiary. 
 If we do not buy the shares, the trustee must, within 20 days of receiving notice from us of the transfer of shares to the trust, sell the shares to a person or persons designated by the trustee who could own the shares without violating the ownership limits or other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock. Upon such sale, the trustee must distribute to the prohibited owner an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the price paid by the prohibited owner for the shares (or, if the prohibited owner did not give value in connection with the transfer or other event that resulted in the transfer to the trust (e.g., a gift, devise or other such transaction), the last reported sale price on the NYSE on the day of the transfer or other event that resulted in the transfer of such shares to the trust) and (2) the sales proceeds (net of commissions and other expenses of sale) received by the trustee for the shares. The trustee will reduce the amount payable to the prohibited owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions paid to the prohibited owner and owed by the prohibited owner to the trustee. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the prohibited owner will be immediately paid to the charitable beneficiary, together with any dividends or other distributions thereon. In addition, if prior to discovery by us that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trustee, such shares of stock are sold by a prohibited owner, then such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and, to the extent that the prohibited owner received an amount for or in respect of such shares that exceeds the amount that such prohibited owner was entitled to receive, such excess amount shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 The trustee will be designated by us and will be unaffiliated with us and with any prohibited owner. Prior to the sale of any shares by the trust, the trustee will receive, in trust for the charitable beneficiary, all dividends and other distributions paid by us with respect to such shares, and may exercise all voting rights with respect to such shares for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. 

Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the trust, the trustee may, at the trustee s sole discretion 
 rescind as void any vote cast by a prohibited owner prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and 
 recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the beneficiary of the trust. 
 However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee may not rescind and recast the vote. 
 If our Board of Directors determines in good faith that a proposed transfer or other event has taken place that violates the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock set forth in our Charter, our Board of Directors may take such action as it deems advisable in its sole discretion to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such transfer, including, but not limited to, causing us to redeem shares of stock, refusing to give effect to the transfer on our books or instituting proceedings to enjoin the transfer. 
 Every owner of 5 or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of our stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, must give written notice to us stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of each class and series of our stock that the owner beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner also must provide us with any additional information that we request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the person s actual or beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. In addition, any person that is an actual owner, beneficial owner or constructive owner of shares of our stock and any person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding shares of our stock for an actual owner, beneficial owner or constructive owner must, on request, disclose to us such information as we may request in good faith in order to determine our status as a REIT and comply with requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 Any certificates representing shares of our stock will bear a legend referring to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock described above. 
 These restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of our company that might involve a premium price for our common stock that our stockholders believe to be in their best interest. 
 Listing 
 The common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AAT. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 Our Board of Directors 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide that the number of directors of our company may be established, increased or decreased only by a majority of our entire Board of Directors but may not be fewer than the minimum number required under the MGCL nor, unless our Bylaws are amended, more than 15. 
 We have elected by a provision of our Charter to be subject to a provision of Maryland law requiring that, except as otherwise provided in the terms of any class or series of our stock, vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by the remaining directors and that any individual elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 Removal of Directors 
 Our Charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our Charter) and only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of 

directors. This provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of our Board of Directors to fill vacant directorships, may preclude stockholders from removing incumbent directors except for cause and by a substantial affirmative vote and filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in certain circumstances specified under the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and any interested stockholder, or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Maryland law defines an interested stockholder as 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. In approving a transaction, however, a board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of the approval, with any terms and conditions determined by it. 
 After such five-year period, any such business combination must be recommended by the Board of Directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These supermajority approval requirements do not apply if, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a corporation s board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our Board of Directors has, by board resolution, elected to opt out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL. However, our Board of Directors could opt to be subject to such business combination provisions in the future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an alteration or repeal of this resolution will not have any effect on any business combinations that have been consummated or upon any agreements existing at the time of such modification or repeal. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL provides that holders of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to any control shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors, generally, excluding shares of stock in a corporation in respect of which any of the following persons is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power of such shares in the election of directors (1) the person who made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the corporation or (3) an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 

Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL), may compel the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If no request for a special meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights of control shares are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply to (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of the following five provisions 
 a classified board, 
 a two-thirds vote requirement to remove a director, 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by the vote of the directors, 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred, or 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 We have elected by a provision in our Charter to be subject to the provisions of Subtitle 8 relating to the filling of vacancies on our Board of Directors. Through provisions in our Charter and Bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) require a two-thirds vote for the removal of any director from the board, which removal will be allowed only for cause, (2) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, subject to limitations set forth in our Charter and Bylaws, and (3) require, unless called by the chairman of our Board of Directors, our president, our chief executive officer or our Board of Directors, the request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on a matter at such meeting to call a special meeting to consider and vote on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders. We have not elected to create a classified board. In the future, our Board of Directors may elect, without stockholder approval, to create a classified board or elect to be subject to one or more of the other provisions of Subtitle 8. 
 Amendments to Our Charter and Bylaws 
 Other than amendments to certain provisions of our charter described below and amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by a specific provision in the charter, our Charter may 

be amended only if such amendment is declared advisable by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The provisions of our Charter relating to the removal of directors or specifying that our stockholders may act without a meeting only by unanimous consent, or the provision specifying the vote required to amend such provisions, may be amended only if such amendment is declared advisable by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Board of Directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our Bylaws or to make new bylaws. 
 Transactions Outside the Ordinary Course of Business 
 We generally may not merge with or into, convert into or consolidate with another company, sell all or substantially all of our assets or engage in a statutory share exchange unless such transaction is declared advisable by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. In addition, to the extent that such a merger, conversion, consolidation, sale of assets of statutory share exchange would require the approval of our stockholders, such transaction may also require the approval of the limited partners of our operating partnership. 
 Dissolution of Our Company 
 The dissolution of our company must be declared advisable by a majority of our entire Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 Under our Bylaws, annual meetings of stockholders must be held each year at a date, time and place determined by our Board of Directors. Special meetings of stockholders may be called by the chairman of our Board of Directors, our chief executive officer, our president and our Board of Directors. Additionally, subject to the provisions of our Bylaws, a special meeting of stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders must be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter at such meeting who have requested the special meeting in accordance with the procedures specified in our Bylaws and provided the information and certifications required by our Bylaws. Only matters set forth in the notice of a special meeting of stockholders may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our Bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders at the annual meeting may be made only 
 pursuant to our notice of the meeting 
 by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or 
 by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of the notice required by our Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on such other business and who has provided the information and certifications required by the advance notice procedures set forth in our Bylaws. 
 Our Bylaws provide that, with respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting of stockholders, and nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors may be made only 
 by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or 
 provided that the meeting has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of the notice required by our Bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has provided the information and certifications required by the advance notice procedures set forth in our Bylaws. 

The purpose of requiring stockholders to give advance notice of nominations and other proposals is to afford our Board of Directors the opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the advisability of the other proposals and, to the extent considered necessary by our Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations regarding the nominations or other proposals. The advance notice procedures also permit a more orderly procedure for conducting our stockholder meetings. 
 Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the provisions of our Charter regarding the removal of directors, the exclusive power of our Board of Directors to fill vacancies on the board and the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interests. 
 Indemnification and Limitation of Directors and Officers Liability 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our Charter contains a provision that eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 Our Charter and Bylaws also permit us, with the approval of our Board of Directors, to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of ours as a director or officer and to any employee or agent of our company or a predecessor of our company. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and directors whereby we have agreed to indemnify such executive officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law against all expenses and liabilities, subject to limited exceptions. These indemnification agreements also provide that, upon an application for indemnity by an executive officer or director to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, such court may order us to indemnify such executive officer or director. 
 The partnership agreement also provides that we, as general partner, and our directors, officers, employees, agents and designees are indemnified to the extent provided therein. 
 Insofar as the foregoing provisions permit indemnification of directors, officers or persons controlling us for liability arising under the Securities Act, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 REIT Qualification 
 Our Charter provides that our Board of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to be qualified as a REIT. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 aat2022execformofrestricte.htm
 FORM OF AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD

Document 
 Executive Version (12-22) 

AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC. 
 2011 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE AND RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 American Assets Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (as amended, the Plan ), hereby grants to the individual listed below Participant the number of shares of the Company s Stock (the Shares set forth below. This Restricted Stock award (the Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 Participant _______ Grant Date December __, 2022 Grant Number ___ Maximum Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Maximum Shares 
 _______ Target Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Target Shares 
 _______ Vesting Schedule This Award shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto. 

By his or her signature, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Grant Notice. Participant has reviewed the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Plan and this Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Grant Notice, the Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator of the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC. PARTICIPANT By By Ernest Rady, Chairman CEO 
 3420 Carmel Mountain Road #100 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 _______ 
 3420 Carmel Mountain Road #100 
 San Diego, CA 92121 

A-1 

Executive Version (12-22) 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice Grant Notice to which this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this Agreement is attached, American Assets Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), has granted to Participant the right to purchase the number of shares of Restricted Stock under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (as amended, the Plan indicated in the Grant Notice. The Shares are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan which are incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan and the Grant Notice. 
 ARTICLE I 
 ISSUANCE OF SHARES 
 
 1.1 Issuance of Shares . Pursuant to the Plan and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, effective on the Grant Date, the Company irrevocably grants to Participant the number of shares of Stock set forth in the Grant Notice (the Shares ), in consideration of Participant s employment with or service to the Company, the Partnership or one of their Subsidiaries on or before the Grant Date, for which the Administrator has determined Participant has not been fully compensated, and the Administrator has determined that the benefit received by the Company as a result of such employment or service has a value that exceeds the aggregate par value of the Shares, which Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be fully paid and nonassessable. 
 1.2 Issuance Mechanics . On the Grant Date, the Company shall issue the Shares to Participant and shall (a) cause a stock certificate or certificates representing the Shares to be registered in the name of Participant, or (b) cause such Shares to be held in book entry form. If a stock certificate is issued, it shall be delivered to and held in custody by the Company and shall bear the restrictive legends required by Section 4.1 below. If the Shares are held in book entry form, then such entry will reflect that the Shares are subject to the restrictions of this Agreement. Participant s execution of a stock assignment in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Grant Notice (the Stock Assignment shall be a condition to the issuance of the Shares. 
 ARTICLE II 
 FORFEITURE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 2.1 Forfeiture Restriction . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.2 below, in the event of Participant s cessation of Service for any reason, including as a result of Participant s death or Disability, all of the Unreleased Shares (as defined below) shall thereupon be forfeited immediately and without any further action by the Company (the Forfeiture Restriction ). Upon the occurrence of such a forfeiture, the Company shall become the legal and beneficial owner of the Unreleased Shares and all rights and interests therein or relating thereto, and the Company shall have the right to retain and transfer to its own name the number of Unreleased Shares being forfeited by Participant. The Unreleased Shares and Participant s executed stock assignment in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Grant Notice shall be held by the Company in accordance with Section 2.4 until the Shares are forfeited as provided in this Section 2.1, until such Unreleased Shares are fully released from the Forfeiture Restriction, or until such time as this Agreement no longer is in effect. Participant hereby authorizes and directs the Secretary of the Company, or such other person designated by the Administrator, to transfer the Unreleased Shares which have been forfeited pursuant to this Section 2.1 from Participant to the Company. 
 
 2.2 Release of Shares from Forfeiture Restriction . The Shares shall be released from the Forfeiture Restriction in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Exhibit C attached to the Grant 
 A-2 

Executive Version (12-22) 

Notice. Any of the Shares which, from time to time, have not yet been released from the Forfeiture Restriction are referred to herein as Unreleased Shares . As soon as administratively practicable following the release of any Shares from the Forfeiture Restriction, the Company shall, as applicable, either deliver to Participant the certificate or certificates representing such Shares in the Company s possession belonging to Participant, or, if the Shares are held in book entry form, then the Company shall remove the notations on the book form. Participant (or the beneficiary or personal representative of Participant in the event of Participant s death or incapacity, as the case may be) shall deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances as the Company or its representatives deem necessary or advisable in connection with any such delivery. 
 
 2.3 Transfer Restriction . No Unreleased Shares or any interest or right therein or part thereof shall be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of the Participant or his or her successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect. 
 
 2.4 Escrow . The Unreleased Shares and Participant s executed Stock Assignment shall be held by the Company until the Shares are forfeited as provided in Section 2.1, until such Unreleased Shares are fully released from the Forfeiture Restriction, or until such time as this Agreement no longer is in effect. In such event, Participant shall not retain physical custody of any certificates representing Unreleased Shares issued to Participant. Participant, by acceptance of this Award, shall be deemed to appoint, and does so appoint, the Company and each of its authorized representatives as Participant s attorney(s)-in-fact to effect any transfer of forfeited Unreleased Shares to the Company as may be required pursuant to the Plan or this Agreement, and to execute such representations or other documents or assurances as the Company or such representatives deem necessary or advisable in connection with any such transfer. The Company, or its designee, shall not be liable for any act it may do or omit to do with respect to holding the Shares in escrow and while acting in good faith and in the exercise of its judgment. 
 
 2.5 Rights as Stockholder . Except as otherwise provided herein, upon issuance of the Shares by the Company, Participant shall have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to said Shares, subject to the restrictions herein, including the right to vote the Shares and to receive all dividends or other distributions paid or made with respect to the Shares. 
 
 2.6 Ownership Limit and REIT Status . The Forfeiture Restriction on the Shares shall not lapse if the lapsing of such restrictions would likely result in any of the following 
 (a) a violation of the restrictions or limitations on ownership provided for from time to time under the terms of the organizational documents of the Company or 
 
 (b) income to the Company that could impair the Company s status as a real estate investment trust, within the meaning of Section 856 through 860 of the Code. 
 ARTICLE III 
 TAXATION REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 3.1 Tax Representation . Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for his or her own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 A-3 

Executive Version (12-22) 

3.2 No 83(b) Election Without Administrator Consent . Participant covenants that he or she will not make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to the receipt of any of the Shares without the consent of the Administrator, which the Administrator may grant or withhold in its sole discretion. 
 3.3 Tax Withholding . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company, the Partnership and their Subsidiaries shall be entitled to require payment of any sums required by federal, state and local income and employment or payroll tax law to be withheld with respect to the issuance, lapsing of restrictions on or sale of the Shares. The Company, the Partnership and their Subsidiaries may withhold or the Participant may make such payment in one or more of the forms specified below 
 (a) by cash or check made payable to the Company 
 
 (b) by the deduction of such amount from other compensation payable to Participant 
 
 (c) with respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the vesting of the Shares, and with the consent of the Administrator, through the delivery of a notice that Participant has placed a market sell order with a broker acceptable to the Company with respect to those Shares that are then becoming vested and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company, the Partnership or any Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises in satisfaction of such withholding taxes provided that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company, the Partnership or the applicable Subsidiary at such time as may be required by the Administrator, but in any event not later the settlement of such 
 
 (d) with respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the vesting of the Shares, and with the consent of the Administrator, by requesting that the Company withhold a net number of vested Shares otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement having a then current Fair Market Value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation of the Company, the Partnership and their Subsidiaries based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates for federal, state and local income tax and payroll tax purposes 
 
 (e) with respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the vesting of the Shares, and with the consent of the Administrator, by tendering vested shares of Stock owned by Participant having a then current Fair Market Value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation of the Company, the Partnership and their Subsidiaries based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates for federal, state and local income tax and payroll tax purposes or 
 
 (f) in any combination of the foregoing. 
 
 In the event Participant either (i) fails to provide timely payment of all sums required pursuant to this Section 3.3 or (ii) fails to inform the Company as to his or her intentions as to the method of payment of all sums required pursuant to this Section 3.3 at least five (5) days prior to the date on with any tax withholding obligation arises, the Company shall have the right and option, but not the obligation, to treat either of such failures as an election by Participant to satisfy all or any portion of Participant s required payment obligation pursuant to clauses (c) or (d) above, at the Company s option. The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any stock certificate representing vested Shares to Participant or Participant s legal representative, or, if the Shares are held in book entry form, to remove the notations on the book form, unless and until Participant or Participant s legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state and local taxes applicable to the taxable income of Participant resulting from the issuance, lapsing of restrictions on or sale of the Shares. 
 
 In the event any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with the Shares will be satisfied under clause (c) above, then the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on Participant s behalf a whole number of shares of 
 A-4 

Executive Version (12-22) 

Stock from those Shares that are then becoming vested as the Company determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding obligation and to remit the proceeds of such sale to the Company, the Partnership or any Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises. Participant s acceptance of this Award constitutes Participant s instruction and authorization to the Company and such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this paragraph, including the transactions described in the previous sentence, as applicable. The Company may refuse to deliver any certificate representing the Shares to Participant or his or her legal representative until the foregoing tax withholding obligations are satisfied. In the event of any broker-assisted sale of shares of Stock in connection with the payment of withholding taxes as provided in this Section 3.3 (i) any shares of Stock to be sold through a broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the tax withholding obligation arises or as soon thereafter as practicable (ii) such shares of Stock may be sold as part of a block trade with other participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price (iii) Participant will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale (iv) to the extent the proceeds of such sale exceed the applicable tax withholding obligation, the Company agrees to pay such excess in cash to Participant as soon as reasonably practicable (v) Participant acknowledges that the Company or its designee is under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price, and that the proceeds of any such sale may not be sufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligation and (vi) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligation, Participant agrees to pay immediately upon demand to the Company, the Partnership or any Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Company s, the Partnership's or the applicable Subsidiary s withholding obligation. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 RESTRICTIVE LEGENDS AND STOP-TRANSFER ORDERS 
 4.1 Legends . The certificate or certificates representing the Shares, if any, shall bear the following legend (as well as any legends required by the Company s charter and applicable state and federal corporate and securities laws) 
 THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO FORFEITURE IN FAVOR OF THE COMPANY AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE STOCKHOLDER, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY . 
 4.2 Refusal to Transfer Stop-Transfer Notices . The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so transferred. Participant agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records. 
 4.3 Removal of Legend . After such time as the Forfeiture Restriction shall have lapsed with respect to the Shares, and upon Participant s request, a new certificate or certificates representing such Shares shall be issued without the legend referred to in Section 4.1, and delivered to Participant. If the Shares are held in book entry form, the Company shall cause any restrictions noted on the book form to be removed. 
 A-5 

Executive Version (12-22) 

ARTICLE V 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 5.1 Governing Law . This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
 5.2 Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merge all prior discussions between them. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. 
 5.3 Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 5.4 Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by electronic mail (with return receipt requested and received) or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to be notified, if to the Company, at its principal offices, and if to Participant, at Participant s address, electronic mail address or fax number in the Company s employee records or as subsequently modified by written notice. 
 5.5 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
 5.6 Successors and Assigns . The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement to any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company without the prior written consent of Participant. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 5.7 Conformity to Securities Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, and state securities laws and regulations. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Shares are to be issued, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 5.8 Electronic Signature . Company and Participant consent to the use of electronic signatures on this Agreement and all documents relating to this Agreement. Company and Participant agree that any electronic signatures appearing on this Agreement are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and shall, for all purposes of this Amendment and applicable law, be deemed to be written or in writing, to have been executed, and to constitute an original written record when printed, and shall be fully admissible in any legal proceeding. For purposes hereof, electronic signature shall have the meaning set forth in the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 A-6 

Executive Version (12-22) 

5.9 NO RIGHT TO CONTINUED SERVICE . THE PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE LAPSING OF THE FORFEITURE RESTRICTION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.1 HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE TO THE COMPANY, THE PARTNERSHIP OR ONE OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES AS AN AT WILL EMPLOYEE OR CONSULTANT OF THE COMPANY, THE PARTNERSHIP OR ONE OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER). THE PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE FORFEITURE RESTRICTION SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR FOR SUCH PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH THE COMPANY S, THE PARTNERSHIP S OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE PARTICIPANT S EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE TO THE COMPANY AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

A-7 

EXHIBIT B 
 TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 STOCK ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, _______ , hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation, __________ shares of the Common Stock of AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation, standing in its name of the books of said corporation represented by Certificate No. __________ herewith and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ___________________ to transfer the said stock on the books of the within named corporation with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 This Stock Assignment may be used only in accordance with the Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement between AMERICAN ASSETS TRUST, INC. and the undersigned dated December __, 2022. 

Dated _______________, ________ ______________________________ 
 _______ 

INSTRUCTIONS Please do not fill in the blanks other than the signature line. The purpose of this assignment is to enable the Company to enforce the Forfeiture Restriction as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement, without requiring additional signatures on the part of the stockholder. 
 B-1 

EXHIBIT C 
 TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 VESTING SCHEDULE 
 Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit C and not defined in Section 4 below shall have the meanings given them in the Agreement to which this Exhibit C is attached. 
 1. Performance Vesting . Subject to clauses (b), (c) and (d) and Section 2 below, the Shares shall vest based on the Company s FFO Per Share performance for the FFO Performance Period and the Company s Relative TSR Performance (as defined below) for the TSR Performance Periods. Subject to clauses (c) and (d) below, with respect to each Performance Period, Participant must continue to be an Employee, Independent Director or Consultant on the applicable Measurement Date in order to be eligible to vest in the Shares pursuant to this Section 1. 
 (a) Performance Vesting . 
 (i) FFO Per Share Metric . An FFO Performance Multiplier will be determined based on the Company s FFO Per Share performance for the FFO Performance Period. The FFO Performance Multiplier means, for the FFO Performance Period, the performance multiplier determined pursuant to the chart below based on the Company s FFO Per Share performance for such FFO Performance Period. The Company s FFO Per Share performance will be determined by the Administrator (using the Measurement Date occurring on November 30, 2023) on the applicable Determination Date using reasonable estimates for FFO for December of the calendar year in which such Determination Date occurs. The Administrator shall approve the threshold, target and maximum payout level objectives for purposes of the table below based on the Company s FFO per Share range for the FFO Performance Period as reasonably determined by the Company based on internal forecasts provided by the Company for approval by the Administrator prior to February 15, 2023. If the Company achieves FFO Per Share performance that falls between the foregoing levels, the FFO Performance Multiplier will be determined by linear interpolation between the applicable levels. 
 
 Payout Level 
 
 FFO Per Share Performance for the FFO Performance Period 
 
 FFO Performance Multiplier 
 Maximum Top End of FFO Per Share Range in Budget or above 150 Target Mid-Point of FFO Per Share Range in Budget 100 Threshold or below Low End of FFO Per Share Range in Budget or below 50 
 
 The Administrator retains the discretion to adjust the FFO Performance Multiplier to address events or circumstances that are extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or that otherwise have an unintended effect on the calculation of the FFO Performance Multiplier, including, without limitation, debt or equity financings and pandemic-related events. 
 
 (ii) TSR Performance Multiplier . For each of the TSR Performance Periods, such number of Shares shall vest on the applicable Determination Date based on the Company's FFO Performance Multiplier for the FFO Performance Period and the Company s Relative TSR Performance for such TSR Performance Period as is determined by multiplying (i) the Target Shares, by (ii) one-third (1 3), by (iii) the TSR Performance Multiplier (as determined below) for such TSR Performance Period (rounded 
 C-1-1 

Executive Version (12-22) 

to the nearest whole Share). The TSR Performance Multiplier means, for each TSR Performance Period, the performance multiplier determined pursuant to the chart below based on the Company s FFO Performance Multiplier for the FFO Performance Period and the Company s Relative TSR Performance relative to the Index for such TSR Performance Period. 
 
 Relative TSR Performance Relative to the Index for the TSR Performance Period 
 
 TSR Performance Multiplier 
 +500 bps and above FFO Performance Multiplier + 10 (but not to exceed 150 Between +500 bps and -500 bps FFO Performance Multiplier -500 bps and below FFO Performance Multiplier - 10 (but not below 50 
 
 The Administrator retains the discretion to adjust the TSR Performance Multiplier to address events or circumstances that are extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or that otherwise have an unintended effect on the calculation of the TSR Performance Multiplier. 
 
 (b) Effect of a Change in Control Prior to Final Measurement Date . In the event of a Change in Control prior to the Final Measurement Date, the number of Shares in which Participant shall be eligible to vest pursuant to this Award following the date of such Change in Control (the Vesting Eligible Shares shall be equal to (i) the Maximum Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, multiplied by (ii) if the FFO Performance Period has been completed prior to the date of such Change in Control only, the FFO Performance Multiplier plus 10 (but not to exceed 150 ), multiplied by (iii) one-third (1 3), multiplied by (iv) the number of TSR Performance Periods that have not yet been completed prior to the date of such Change in Control. The Vesting Eligible Shares will continue to vest in equal installments on each Measurement Date occurring following the Change in Control, subject to Participant's continued status as an Employee, Independent Director or Consultant on the applicable Measurement Date provided , however , that in the event of Participant s Qualifying Termination (as defined below) or termination as a result of death or Disability (as defined below) following the date of a Change in Control, all of the Vesting Eligible Shares shall vest as of the date of termination. In addition, if a Change in Control occurs following the occurrence of a Measurement Date but prior to the corresponding Determination Date, Participant shall vest on the date of such Change in Control in such number of Shares as is determined pursuant to this Section 1 for such completed TSR Performance Period. 
 (c) Effect of Termination Due to Death or Disability Prior to Final Measurement Date and Prior to a Change in Control . In the event of Participant s termination of Service as a result of his or her death or Disability prior to the Final Measurement Date and prior to a Change in Control, on the date of Participant's termination of Service, Participant shall vest in such number of Shares as is equal to (i) the Maximum Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, multiplied by (ii) if the FFO Performance Period has been completed prior to the date of such Change in Control only, the FFO Performance Multiplier plus 10 (but not to exceed 150 ), multiplied by (iii) one-third (1 3), multiplied by (iv) the number of TSR Performance Periods that have not yet been completed prior to the date of such termination of Service. In addition, if Participant s termination of Service as a result of his or her death or Disability occurs following the occurrence of any Measurement Date but prior to the corresponding Determination Date, Participant shall also remain eligible to vest on such Determination Date in such number of Shares as is determined pursuant to this Section 1 for such completed TSR Performance Period. 
 (d) Effect of a Qualifying Termination Prior to Final Measurement Date and Prior to a Change in Control . In the event of Participant s Qualifying Termination prior to the Final Measurement Date and prior to a Change in Control, on the date of Participant s termination of Service, Participant shall vest in such number of Shares as is equal to (i) the Maximum Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, multiplied by (ii) if the FFO Performance Period has been completed prior to the date of such Change in Control only, the FFO Performance Multiplier plus 10 (but not to exceed 150 ), multiplied by (iii) one-third (1 3), multiplied by (iv) the number of TSR Performance Periods that have not yet been completed 
 C-2 

Executive Version (12-22) 

prior to the date of such termination of Service. In addition, if Participant s Qualifying Termination occurs following the occurrence of any Measurement Date but prior to the corresponding Determination Date, Participant shall also remain eligible to vest on such Determination Date in such number of Shares as is determined pursuant to this Section 1 for such completed TSR Performance Period. 
 
 (e) Maximum Shares . In no event shall a number of Shares greater than the Maximum Shares set forth in the Grant Notice vest pursuant to this Exhibit C . 
 
 2. Forfeiture . Any Unreleased Shares which do not vest pursuant to Section 1 above (or which are no longer eligible to vest pursuant to this Exhibit C for any future TSR Performance Period after the completion of the FFO Performance Period or a TSR Performance Period) shall automatically and without further action be cancelled and forfeited by Participant, and Participant shall have no further right or interest in or with respect to such Unreleased Shares. In addition, in the event that Participant s employment is terminated for any reason (other than as a result of his or her Qualifying Termination, Disability or death) prior to the Measurement Date for a TSR Performance Period, then the remaining Unreleased Shares as of the date of such termination that would have been eligible to vest with respect to such TSR Performance Period that has not yet been completed shall automatically and without further action be cancelled and forfeited by Participant, and Participant shall have no further right or interest in or with respect to such remaining Unreleased Shares. 
 
 3. Interaction with Employment Agreement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Employment Agreement (as defined below), the accelerated vesting of the Shares in the event of a Change in Control or Participant s termination of Service by reason of death, Disability or a Qualifying Termination shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement and not the provisions of the Employment Agreement. 
 4. Definitions . For purposes of this Exhibit C , the following terms shall have the meanings given below 
 (a) Beginning Market Value means, for each TSR Performance Period, the Market Value on the first day of such TSR Performance Period. 
 (b) Company TSR means the Company s compounded annual total shareholder return for a TSR Performance Period calculated in accordance with the total shareholder return calculation methodology used in the Index (and, for the avoidance of doubt, assuming the reinvestment of all dividends paid on a share of Stock) provided , however , that for purposes of calculating the Company s TSR for a TSR Performance Period, the share price on the first day of the TSR Performance Period shall be equal to the Beginning Market Value and the share price on the last day of the TSR Performance Period shall be the Ending Market Value. 
 (c) Determination Date means, for each Performance Period, the date on which the Administrator certifies in writing the FFO Performance Multiplier and or the TSR Performance Multiplier for such Performance Period. The Determination Date will occur within ten (10) days following the applicable Measurement Date provided that if a Change in Control occurs following a Measurement Date but prior to the occurrence of the Determination Date for the completed Performance Period, the Determination Date for such completed Performance Period shall occur in no event later than the date of such Change in Control. 
 (d) Disability shall have the meaning given to such term in the Employment Agreement. 
 (e) Employment Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Participant effective as of March 25, 2014. 
 (f) Ending Market Value means, for each TSR Performance Period, the Market Value on the Measurement Date for such TSR Performance Period. 
 C-3 

Executive Version (12-22) 

(g) FFO means net income (loss) (computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property, impairment losses, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, as calculated in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and in a manner generally consistent with the FFO calculations set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and or any supplemental information filed in connection therewith. 
 
 (h) FFO Per Share means FFO per share (computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), as calculated in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and in a manner generally consistent with the FFO per share calculations set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and or any supplemental information filed in connection therewith. 
 (i) FFO Performance Period means the period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2023. 
 (j) Final Measurement Date means November 30, 2025. 
 (k) First TSR Performance Period means the period beginning on December 1, 2022 and ending on the Measurement Date occurring on November 30, 2023. 
 (l) Index means the S&P 600 Real Estate Index, or, in the event such index is discontinued, such index s methodology is significantly changed or such index no longer presents as a proper comparison to the Company, a comparable index selected by the Administrator in good faith. 
 
 (m) Index TSR means the compounded annual total shareholder return for the Index for a TSR Performance Period (and, for the avoidance of doubt, assuming the reinvestment of all dividends). 
 (n) Market Value means the closing price per share of Stock for the date of determination as reported by the NYSE or such other authoritative source as the Administrator may determine. 
 (o) Measurement Date means each of November 30, 2023, 2024 and 2025, or, if any such date is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day. The Measurement Date occurring on November 30, 2023 will be the Measurement Date for the FFO Performance Period. 
 
 (p) Performance Periods means each of the FFO Performance Period, the First TSR Performance Period, the Second TSR Performance Period and the Third TSR Performance Period. 
 
 (q) Qualifying Termination means (i) a termination of Participant's employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) (and other than by reason of Participant s death or Disability), or (ii) a termination of Participant's employment by Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement). 
 
 (r) Relative TSR Performance means the Company TSR less the Index TSR, in each case for the applicable TSR Performance Period, expressed in basis points. 
 
 (s) Second TSR Performance Period means the period beginning on December 1, 2022 and ending on the Measurement Date occurring on November 30, 2024. 
 
 (t) Third TSR Performance Period means the period beginning on December 1, 2022 and ending on the Measurement Date occurring on November 30, 2025. 
 
 C-4 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 aat-ex211xq42022ng11.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 The following list sets forth American Assets Trust, Inc.'s subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. Name Jurisdiction of Formation Incorporation AAT Alamo Quarry, LLC Delaware AAT Bel-Spring 520, LLC Delaware AAT CC Bellevue, LLC Delaware AAT CCE III Bellevue, LLC Delaware AAT Del Monte, LLC Delaware AAT Eastgate, LLC Delaware AAT Gateway Marketplace, LLC Delaware AAT Geary Marketplace, LLC Delaware AAT La Jolla Commons 3, LLC Delaware AAT La Jolla Commons, LLC Delaware AAT Lloyd District, LLC Delaware AAT One Beach, LLC Delaware AAT Oregon Office I, LLC Delaware AAT Pacific Ridge, LLC Delaware AAT Torrey 13-14, LLC Delaware AAT Torrey Plaza, LLC Delaware AAT Torrey Point, LLC Delaware AAT Torrey Reserve 5, LLC Delaware AAT Torrey Reserve 6, LLC Delaware AAT Waikele Center, LLC Delaware ABW 2181 Holdings, LLC Hawaii ABW Holdings, LLC Delaware ABW Lewers, LLC Hawaii American Assets Services, Inc. Delaware American Assets Trust Management, LLC Delaware American Assets Trust, LP Maryland Beach Walk Holdings, LLC Delaware Broadway 225 Sorrento Holdings, LLC Delaware Broadway 225 Stonecrest Holdings, LLC Delaware Carmel County Plaza, LP California Carmel Mountain Pad, LLC California EBW Hotel, LLC Hawaii ICW Caf Lessee, LLC Delaware ICW Plaza Merger Sub, LLC Delaware Imperial Strand Holdings, LLC Delaware Landmark FireHill Holdings, LLC Delaware Landmark Venture Holdings, LLC Delaware Landmark Venture JV, LLC Delaware Lloyd District TRS, LLC Delaware Lomas Palisades CA general partnership California Lomas Palisades GP LLC Delaware Mariner's Point Holdings, LLC Delaware Pacific Carmel Mountain Assets, LLC Delaware 

Name Jurisdiction of Formation Incorporation Pacific Carmel Mountain Holdings, LP California Pacific Del Mar Assets, LLC Delaware Pacific Firecreek Holdings, LLC Delaware Pacific North Court GP, LLC Delaware Pacific North Court Holdings, LP California Pacific Santa Fe Assets, LLC Delaware Pacific Santa Fe Holdings, LP California Pacific Solana Beach Assets, LLC Delaware Pacific Solana Beach Holdings, LP California Pacific South Court Assets, LLC Delaware Pacific South Court Holdings, LP California Pacific Torrey Daycare Assets, LLC Delaware Pacific Torrey Daycare Holdings, LP California Pacific VC Holdings, LLC Delaware Pacific Waikiki Assets, LLC Delaware Pacific Waikiki Holdings, LP. California SB Corporate Centre III-IV, LLC Delaware SB Corporate Centre, LLC California SB Towne Centre, LLC California SBCC Holdings, LLC Delaware SBTC Holdings, LLC Delaware Southbay Marketplace Holding, LLC Delaware Waikele Venture Holdings, LLC Delaware WBW Hotel Lessee, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 5
 aat-ex221xq4202211.htm
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS AND ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 The following subsidiary of American Assets Trust, Inc. AAT is the issuer of debt securities under the Indenture, dated January 26, 2021, by and among AAT, as parent guarantor, and the subsidiary listed below. 
 
 Subsidiary Registrant Issuer 
 
 American Assets Trust, L.P. Issuer 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 aat-ex231eyconsentq4202211.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP FOR INC

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-252097) of American Assets Trust, Inc., 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-252096) of American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P., and 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-171752) pertaining to the American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. 2011 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Award Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of American Assets Trust, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of American Assets Trust, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of American Assets Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 

San Diego, California 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 aatlp-ex232eyconsentq42022.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP FOR LP

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-252096) of American Assets Trust, Inc. and American Assets Trust, L.P. and in the related Prospectus, of our report dated February 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of American Assets Trust, L.P., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 

San Diego, California 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 aat-ex311xq42022ng.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FOR INC

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ernest Rady, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 10, 2023 s ERNEST RADY Ernest Rady Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 aat-ex312xq42022ng.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FOR LP

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ernest Rady, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 10, 2023 s ERNEST RADY Ernest Rady Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 10
 aat-ex313xq42022ng.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER FOR INC

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robert F. Barton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Assets Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 10, 2023 s ROBERT F. BARTON Robert F. Barton EVP and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 11
 aat-ex314xq42022ng.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER FOR LP

Document 

Exhibit 31.4 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robert F. Barton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Assets Trust, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 10, 2023 s ROBERT F. BARTON Robert F. Barton EVP and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 aat-ex321xq42022ng.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER FOR INC

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The undersigned, Ernest Rady and Robert F. Barton, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of American Assets Trust, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (i) the Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s ERNEST RADY Ernest Rady Chairman and Chief Executive Officer s ROBERT F. BARTON Robert F. Barton EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 10, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 aat-ex322xq42022ng.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The undersigned, Ernest Rady and Robert F. Barton, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of American Assets Trust, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (i) the Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Operating Partnership (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 s ERNEST RADY Ernest Rady Chairman and Chief Executive Officer s ROBERT F. BARTON Robert F. Barton EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 10, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 aat-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 aat-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 aat-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 aat-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 aat-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

