<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1474903_0001474903-23-000031.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12492890</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>262632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2560641</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4711581</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2556091</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2160004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001474903-23-000031.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315214758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001474903-23-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BGSF, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001474903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				260656684
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36704
		FILM NUMBER:		23736979

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5850 GRANITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 730
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-692-2422

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5850 GRANITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 730
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BG Staffing, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LTN Staffing, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001474903-23-000031.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 bgsf-20230101.htm
 10-K

bgsf-20230101 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 _______________ 
 
 FORM 
 _______________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 _______________ 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 _______________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 _______________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 24, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was (based on the closing sale price of the Registrant's common stock on June 24, 2022 as reported on the NYSE). 
 
 As of March 15, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. Forward-Looking Statements PART I Item 1 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 21 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 PART II Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 22 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 24 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 71 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 71 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 74 
 PART III Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 79 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 84 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 86 
 PART IV Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 88 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 88 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to our future financial or operating performance, future plans and objectives, competitive positioning, requirements for additional capital, government regulation of operations and the timing and possible outcome of litigation and regulatory matters. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements that address activities, events or developments that we, or our subsidiaries, expect or anticipate may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as aim, potential, may, could, can, would, might, likely, will, expect, intend, plan, predict, budget, scheduled, estimate, anticipate, believe, forecast, committed, future or continue or the negative thereof or similar variations. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us, in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are not a guarantee of performance and are subject to a number of uncertainties and known and unknown risks, many of which are outside our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include, among other things, general business, economic, competitive, political and social uncertainties, the actual results of current operations, industry conditions, intellectual property and other proprietary rights, liabilities inherent in our industry, the novel coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) or other pandemics, accidents, labor disputes, delays in obtaining regulatory approvals or financing and general market factors, including interest rates, equity markets, business competition, changes in government regulations. Additional risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those listed under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Although we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results to differ from those anticipated. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, results or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws. 

4 

Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 Overview and History 
 
 BGSF, Inc. BGSF, we, or the Company is a leading national provider of consulting, managed services, and professional workforce solutions with continuing operations that, along with its wholly owned subsidiaries, operate primarily within the U.S. in two industry segments Real Estate and Professional, with discontinued operations in the Light Industrial segment. We provide field talent to a variety of client partners that are seeking to match their workforce requirements to their business needs. Our client partners operate across a diverse set of industries. 
 
 We employ a diverse operating model, both from a skill set and a geographic standpoint, which we believe mitigates downside revenue risk. 
 
 Our workforce solutions consist of on-demand or short-term assignments, consulting services, managed services, and on-site management administration. Short-term workforce solutions assist employers in dealing with field talent demands caused by such factors as seasonality, fluctuations in client partner demand, vacations, illnesses, parental leave, and special projects without incurring the ongoing expense and administrative responsibilities associated with recruiting, hiring and retaining permanent field talent. As more and more companies focus on effectively managing variable costs and reducing fixed overhead, the use of short-term workforce solutions allows companies to utilize a contingent approach for their personnel needs, thereby converting a portion of their fixed personnel costs to a variable expense. 
 
 Our consulting workforce solutions place field talent with client partners for extended time-periods or for an indefinite time period. This type of arrangement may involve outsourcing an entire department in a large corporation or providing the workforce for a large project. 
 
 Managed services are a combination of both workforce solutions and fixed fee arrangements. Field talent is placed with the client partner and services are performed over a given period of time as determined with the client partner. Generally services are provided under a contractual agreement. 
 
 In an on-site management arrangement, we place an experienced manager on-site at a client partner s place of business. The manager is responsible for conducting all recruiting, candidate screening, interviewing, drug testing, hiring and placement for field talent at the client partner s facility for a long-term or indefinite period. 
 
 Management believes that these solutions and the field talent performing these workforce solutions are, and will remain, an integral part of the labor market in local, regional and national economies in which we operate. 
 
 BGSF, Inc. is the successor by conversion to LTN Staffing, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that was formed on August 27, 2007. In 2011, we began doing business as BG Staffing. LTN Staffing, LLC converted into a Delaware corporation, BG Staffing, Inc., following the merger of LTN Acquisition, LLC (the former parent of LTN Staffing, LLC) with and into LTN Staffing, LLC. The conversion was completed on November 3, 2013. In 2021, we changed our name to BGSF, Inc. 
 
 We commenced operations on October 17, 2007 and since 2009 have began an on-going growth and diversification initiative. Since 2010, we have acquired thirteen businesses: 
 
 In June 2010, we purchased the interests of BG Personnel Services, LP and BG Personnel, LP, and purchased the common stock of B G Staff Services, Inc. Shortly after the purchase, we relocated our home office to Dallas, Texas. We operate under the BG Multifamily and BG Talent trade names. 
 
 In December 2010, we purchased substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of JNA Staffing Inc., which specialized in providing light industrial workforce solutions within the State of Wisconsin. These operations were rolled into our existing operations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 
 
 In December 2011, we purchased substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Extrinsic, LLC, which specialized in providing information technology IT workforce solutions to client partners within the U.S. We continue to operate under the Extrinsic trade name. 
 
 5 

In December 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of American Partners, Inc., which specialized in providing IT workforce solutions to client partners within the U.S. We continue to operate under the American Partners trade name. 
 
 In June 2013, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of InStaff Holding Corporation and InStaff Personnel, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of InStaff Holding Corporation (collectively, InStaff ). 
 
 In March 2015, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of D W Talent, LLC D W ), which specialized in providing part-time and full-time workforce solutions of accounting and finance personnel and secretarial and administrative personnel to client partners in Texas and Louisiana. We continue to operate under the Donovan Watkins trade name. 
 
 In October 2015, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Vision Technology Services, Inc., Vision Technology Services, LLC, and VTS-VM, LLC (collectively, VTS ), which provided IT workforce solutions and project management workforce solutions. We continue to operate under the Vision Technology Services trade name. 
 
 In April 2017, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Zycron, Inc. Zycron ), which provided IT workforce solutions and project management workforce solutions. We continue to operate under the Zycron trade name. 
 
 In September 2017, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Smart Resources Inc. and Accountable Search, LLC (collectively, Smart ), which specialized in providing part-time and full-time workforce solutions of accounting and finance personnel and secretarial and administrative personnel to client partners in Chicago market. We continue to operate under the Accountable Search and Smart Resources trade names. 
 
 In December 2019, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of L.J. Kushner Associates, L.L.C. LJK ), which provided cybersecurity retained search workforce solutions specializing in recruiting high and mid-level IT security professionals. We continue to operate under the L.J. Kushner Associates trade name. 
 
 In February 2020, we acquired 100 of the equity of EdgeRock Technology Holdings, Inc. EdgeRock ), which provides specialized IT consultants and focuses on the sourcing and placement of technology professionals specialized in leading software and data ecosystems. We continue to operate under the EdgeRock Technology Partners trade name. 
 
 In February 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Momentum Solutionz LLC (the Momentum Solutionz ), which provided IT consulting and managed workforce solutions for organizations utilizing ERP systems. We continue to operate under the Momentum Solutionz trade name. 
 
 In December 2022, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Horn Solutions, Inc. and Horn Solutions, Dallas, LLC (collectively, Horn Solutions ). Horn Solutions provides services to clients in a variety of industries including, but not limited to energy, financial services, healthcare, real estate and construction, service, manufacturing, and software industries. We continue to operate under the Horn Solutions trade names. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, we completed the sale to Sentech Engineering Services, Inc. of substantially all of the assets pertaining to our Light Industrial segment. The Light Industrial segment provided field talent primarily to manufacturing, distribution, logistics, and call center client partners needing a flexible workforce and operated under the InStaff trade name. 
 
 Instaff's financial results for periods prior to the sale have been reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as discontinued operations. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations in the prior periods are classified as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 See Note 4 - Discontinued Operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
 6 

We now operate across 46 states and D.C. We do not currently have any significant foreign operations. 
 
 Our Industry 
 
 The workforce solution industry supplies field talent to client partners helping them minimize the cost and effort of workforce planning. These workforce solutions also enable the client partner to rapidly respond to changes in business conditions, and in some cases to convert fixed labor costs to variable costs. Workforce solution companies act as intermediaries in matching available field talent to client partner assignments. The demand for a flexible workforce continues to grow with competitive and economic pressures to reduce costs and respond to changing market conditions. 
 
 The workforce solution market is subject to volatility based on overall economic conditions. Historically, in periods of economic growth, the number of companies providing workforce solutions has increased due to low barriers to entry. During recessionary periods, the number of companies has decreased through consolidation, bankruptcies, or other events. The workforce solution industry is experiencing increased demand in relation to total job growth as client partners have placed a greater priority on maintaining a more flexible workforce. 
 
 The workforce solution industry is large and highly fragmented with approximately 25,000 competing companies, while only 186 firms exceeded 100 million in annual revenues during 2021 according to Staffing Industry Analysts SIA ). As of September 2022, SIA estimated the 2023 U.S. temporary service market will be an estimated 216.8 billion, which is up from an estimated 212.2 billion in 2022. Workforce solution providers compete both to recruit and retain a supply of field talent and to attract and retain client partners to use these workers. Client partner demand for workforce solutions is dependent on the overall strength of the labor market and trends toward greater workforce flexibility. The workforce solution industry includes a number of markets focusing on business needs that vary widely in duration of assignment and level of technical specialization. 
 
 Our Operations 
 
 We have diversified our operations to provide field talent within distinct segments of the industry. We refer to our continuing operations as the Real Estate and Professional segments, and discontinuing operations as the Light Industrial segment. 
 
 We operate separate profit centers within each segment and provide managers considerable operational autonomy and financial incentives. Managers focus on business opportunities within their markets and are provided centralized support to achieve success in those markets. We believe this structure allows us to recruit and retain highly motivated managers who have demonstrated the ability to succeed in a competitive environment. This structure also allows managers and team members to focus on market development while relying on centralized services for support in back-office operations, such as risk management programs and unemployment insurance, credit, collections, accounting, advice on legal and regulatory matters, and quality standards. 
 
 Our Segments 
 
 Our continuing operations are organized into the Real Estate and Professional segments, and our discontinued operations is the Light Industrial segment. 
 
 Real Estate Segment 
 
 Our Real Estate segment is a leading provider of office and maintenance field talent to various apartment communities and commercial buildings. We currently operate in 36 states and D.C. The Real Estate segment utilizes Virtual Talent Acquisition Center TAC with team members located in various locations throughout the United States. All open field talent positions nationally are recruited from this TAC. The field talent we assign to our Real Estate client partners are our employees, although our client partners provide on-the-job direction, control and supervision. 
 
 Professional Segment 
 
 Our Professional segment provides highly skilled IT professionals with expertise in SAP, Workday, Peoplesoft, Hyperion, Oracle, One Stream, cyber, project management and other IT workforce solutions to client partners on a national basis. Additionally, we provide finance, accounting, legal, human resource and related support personnel. Our client partners include large Fortune 500 companies, medium and small companies, as well as consulting firms engaged in systems integration projects. We operate our professional segment remotely and from our offices in Arizona, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, 
 7 

Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina, Rhode Island, Tennessee, and Texas. 

Light Industrial Segment 
 
 The Light Industrial segment is reported in our financial statements as discontinued operations. See Note 4 - Discontinued Operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Financial Information about Segments 
 
 Refer to Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Financial Information about Geographic Areas 
 
 Refer to Notes 1 and 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Our Client Partners 
 
 We currently provide workforce solutions to small and medium-sized companies as well as divisions of Fortune 500 companies. As is common in the industry, our engagements to provide workforce solutions to our client partners are generally of a non-exclusive, short-term nature and subject to termination by the client partner with little or no notice. No client partner accounted for more than 10 of our revenues in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 Marketing and Recruiting 
 
 We believe a key component of our success is the ability to recruit and maintain a pool of qualified field talent and regularly place them into desirable and appropriate positions. We use comprehensive methods to identify, assess, select and, when appropriate, measure the skills of our field talent and permanent placement candidates to meet the needs of our client partners. 
 
 We market our workforce solutions to client partners and field talent candidates via both national and local advertising activities. A significant portion of our total marketing efforts comes from direct marketing via telephone solicitation. Promotions consists of digital display, search engine marketing, social media, trade publications, job boards and events. As well, reputation management is a promotional utility that serves as the first impression; interactions on reviews, comments, posts, direct messages, etc. give our followers a cursory notion of our values and business practices. We market our hiring and career management advice through all digital platforms (websites, social media, and blogs) and have expanded our use of job boards and aggregators in all aspects of sales and recruitment. Joint marketing arrangements have been entered into with major software partners. We actively seek endorsements and affiliations with professional organizations in the accounting and finance, technology, apartment community, commercial building, creative and marketing fields. To enhance public recognition of us and our workforce solutions, we conduct public relations activities and team members and field talent are encouraged to be active in civic organizations and industry trade groups in their local communities. 
 
 Growth Strategy 
 
 We are committed to growing our operations. We have grown from 35 million of Light Industrial revenue in 2009 to 298 million of revenue from continuing operations in 2022, by using a growth strategy reliant upon both acquisitions and organic growth. 
 
 We will continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities utilizing our proven approach to the assessment, valuation, and integration of acquisitions. Additionally, we are committed to continue to grow our operations in our current markets, as well as expand into new markets within the segments and industries that we currently serve. 
 
 We are organized to handle many of the administrative functions at our home office location so that our segment operations can focus on business development and the effective recruiting and assignment of field talent. 
 
 8 

We continue to invest in technology and process improvements, as necessary, to ensure that we are operating at optimal productivity and performance. In second quarter 2022, we completed the board of directors authorized three year plan to enhance our processes through the information technology improvement project. These workstreams included improvements to applications in front office, middle office, back office, modern workplace, IT infrastructure and project management. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The workforce solutions market is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry. We compete in national, regional and local markets with full-service and specialized workforce solution companies. Some of our competitors have significantly more marketing and financial resources than we do. Price competition in the industry is intense. We expect that the level of competition will remain high, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability. 
 
 The principal competitive factors in attracting qualified candidates for assignments are pay rates, availability of assignments, duration of assignments and responsiveness to requests for placement. We believe that many potential candidates seeking assignments through us may also be pursuing assignments through other means. Therefore, the speed at which we place prospective field talent and the availability of appropriate assignments are important factors in our ability to complete assignments of qualified field talent. In addition to having high quality field talent to assign in a timely manner, the principal competitive factors in obtaining and retaining client partners in the workforce solution industry are properly assessing the client partners specific job requirements, the appropriateness of the field talent assigned to the client partner, the price of services and the monitoring of client partner satisfaction. Although we believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors, we expect competition to continue to increase. 
 
 Seasonality and Other Fluctuations 
 
 Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations. Our quarterly operating results are affected by the number of billing days in a quarter, as well as the seasonality of our client partners business. Demand for our Real Estate workforce solutions typically increase in the second quarter and is highest during the third quarter of the year due to the increased turns in multifamily units during the summer months when schools are not in session. Overall first quarter demand can be affected by adverse weather conditions in the winter months. In addition, our cost of services typically increases in the first quarter primarily due to the reset of payroll taxes. 
 
 The industry has historically been cyclical, often acting as an indicator of both economic downturns and upswings. Client partners tend to use contingent workforce solutions to supplement their existing workforce and generally hire direct workers when long-term demand is expected to increase. As a consequence, our revenues tend to increase quickly when the economy begins to grow and, conversely, our revenues can also decrease quickly when the economy begins to weaken. Historically, demand for permanent placement workforce solutions is even more sensitive to economic and labor market conditions than demand for workforce and consultant solutions and this is expected to continue. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 We are a workforce solutions company dedicated to connecting people to work in ways that enrich their lives. At BGSF, we define our purpose by championing the future of people, transforming lives, and positively impacting entire communities. We are more than a transactional business. Our focus is on the big picture. We believe we can be a powerful force for good by connecting people to opportunities that enrich their lives and support their personal and professional development. Embedded in our character is the positive energy we embrace that drives a happy work environment, that shapes a happy home, which cascades into happier communities. We believe small actions can turn into big impacts, creating a ripple that becomes a wave powerful enough to change the world around us. This is what we call The BG Ripple Effect. In order to compete and succeed in our highly competitive and rapidly evolving markets, it is crucial that we attract and retain experienced internal team members, as well as talent to work for our client partners. As part of these efforts, we strive to offer competitive total rewards programs, foster an inclusive and diverse environment, and give team members the opportunity to give back to their communities and make a social impact. 
 
 Team Members 
 
 As of February 13, 2023, we employed approximately 540 team members working remotely or in our various market locations in the United States. 

9 

Field Talent 
 
 In addition to our team members, BGSF matches talent with our client partners. In 2022, we placed approximately 14,500 individuals in positions with our client partners. In significantly all of these instances, we remain the employer of record for substantially all of our talent working at our client partner locations. This means that we retain responsibility for all assignments, wages, benefits, workers compensation insurance, and the employers share of applicable payroll taxes as well as the administration of the team members' share of these taxes. We also offer our talent access to competitive health and benefit programs while they are working with us. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 BGSF is committed to providing competitive, equitable and fiscally responsible total rewards programs to our team members. Our compensation programs are designed to attract, retain and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to achieve our strategic goals and create long-term value for our shareholders. We provide team members with competitive compensation opportunities, with pay for performance opportunities that include a mix of base salary, commissions, short-term incentives and, in the case of our more senior team members, long-term equity awards. We believe that our programs provide fair and competitive opportunities that align team member and shareholder interests. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we also offer team members competitive benefits such as life and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off including volunteer time off, wellness benefits, education/tuition reimbursement, a defined contribution retirement plan with BGSF matching contributions, and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workforce. Our responsibility commitment is overseen by executive leadership, along with board-level oversight led by our Nominating and Governance Committee. In September 2020, we formed a diversity, equity and inclusion council called Voices Inspiring Inclusion, Belonging, and Equity VIIBE ), which represents broad perspectives across our organization. VIIBE is chaired by our Vice President of Diversity and Development. In August 2022, we launched our first two team member resource groups: African American/Black Employees Allies and Working Parents and Allies. Later in 2023, we expect to launch our third team member resource group, with the name to be determined. Our team member resource groups are designed to create a strong sense of belonging within our work culture, to provide awareness and gain collaborative support from allies, and to help drive equitable opportunities throughout our organization for all. The essential work of VIIBE has continued to align it's work with the development of foundational pillars of excellence that promote this philosophy. We are focused on how we source, recruit, develop, appreciate, and leverage perspectives and experiences of underrepresented talent. This focus will extend to our collaboration with client partners, selection of vendor partners, engagement in our communities and prioritization of overall work-life harmony. Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion does not sit with a singular individual, but with every team member at BGSF. BGSF leaders will continue to be provided additional inclusive-leadership growth opportunities, understanding the importance of mitigating biases, as an ongoing effort to shape our future talent pool selections, onboard new talent, and support future career trajectories. 
 
 As of October 14, 2022, we employed approximately 3,025 people, of which 14 were internal team members and 86 were field talent supporting our client partners across the country. 
 
 Women represented 36 of all team members, and underrepresented minorities URMs , defined as those who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American/Alaska Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander and/or two or more races) represented 72 of our all of our reporting team members (3 of team members in contingent roles chose not to disclose this information); 
 
 Women represented 62 of our internal team members and 57 of internal team members in managerial and leadership roles; and 
 
 URMs represent 40 of our internal team members and 21 of internal team members in managerial and leadership roles identified as URMs. 
 
 Our focus is to ensure BGSF is cultivating equality and equity, while recognizing and celebrating our differences at work, in our homes, and out in the communities. 
 
 Community Involvement 
 
 We consider sustainability to be a guiding principle in strengthening the relationship with our workforce, vendor partners and client partners. Through our programs and initiatives, we seek to contribute to improving the quality of life of our team 
 10 

members, their families, as well as the communities in which they operate. Designed on the concept of social investment, our approach ensures the creation of future development capacities instead of aiding on isolated occasions. Supporting our communities has always been an important part of how we uphold our company values. To this end, we support volunteerism through two paid days so team members can serve their charity, cause or not-for-profit organization of choice. Our 2021 launch of Philanthropy Cloud, powered by Salesforce.org, improves the giving experience by connecting employees with their charity of choice. The platform also greatly enhances our transparency in impact reporting, tracking, and engagement. In 2022, BG'ers donated more than 38,500 to charity and served over 1,375 volunteer hours to support to support causes that are close to their hearts, as well as BGSF-organized volunteer projects. In 2022, BGSF served as the Presenting Sponsor of the State Fair of Texas s Youth Agricultural Job Interview Contest, bringing together BG volunteers to facilitate the contest for high school students from across Texas competing for scholarship awards BGSF. The team also continued to support the Junior Achievement charity, furthering the organization s mission to prepare students for successful futures by providing work-readiness, entrepreneurship, and financial literacy learning programs. In early 2023, BGSF created the Darrell Freeman Fellowship program which will educate and support students at Nashville State Community College who want to successfully enter the Information Technology field after graduation. 
 
 Team Engagement 
 
 As part of BGSF s continued initiative to provide its team members with feedback opportunities, in 2022, we conducted several pulse surveys to understand team member needs and provide support. Survey results were analyzed and reviewed by our senior leadership, as well as shared with individual managers, who were then tasked with taking action based on their team members confidential feedback (both quantitative and qualitative). By paying close attention to the results, both at an aggregate enterprise level as well as at a department/business/workgroup level, we have been able to continue the enhancement of our culture of rewards and recognition, drive efforts to promote inclusion and diversity, increase communication in support of team member well-being and modernize our approach to foster a culture of continuous learning and feedback. In 2022, team members recognized our BGSF values through our BIG Deal platform by sending over 2,500 awards to their fellow team members. 

Learning and Development 
 
 We emphasize team member development and learning as a priority for the organization. We believe learning and development are key elements to overall retention, engagement, and team member experience strategy. This direction is led by our Vice President of Diversity and Development. Our strategy is designed to empower team members to reach their full potential, and we provide a wide range of development programs, opportunities, and resources needed to be successful. As we continue to develop the BGSF University, our goal is to provide a variety of learning channels including instructor-led, facilitated custom workshops, leader-led, cohort and mentorships, self-paced, e-learning and a catalog of vendor-provided courses, videos, resources, and books. We are committed to the organization's overall health and providing career progression by providing individual development, readiness, and transition plans as a part of our talent review and succession planning process. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We own or have rights to various copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names and domain names used in our business, including, but not limited to, BGSF, BG Staffing, BG Staffing Group, BG Personnel Services, Extrinsic, American Partners, InStaff, BG Temporary Staffing, BG Multifamily, BG Talent, Triance, Donovan Watkins, D W Talent, Vision Technology Services, Zycron, Smart Resources, Accountable Search, L.J. Kushner Associates, EdgeRock, EdgeRock Technology Partners, EdgeRock Technology Partners Design, Momentum Solutionz, Creative Data Solutions, Horn Solutions, bgsf.com, bgstaffing.com, bgstaffinggroup.com, bgpersonnel.com, bgpersonnel.net, bgstaffing.net, bgcompanies.net, bgmail.com, ltnstaffing.com, milwaukeetemps.com, milwaukeetmepsinc.com, extrinsicllc.com, extrinsicgroup.com, extrinsicresources.com, jnastaffing.com, therightpeoplerightnow.com, rightpeoplerightnow.com, americanpartnersinc.com, instaff.com, donwat.com, vistechs.com, zycron.com, smartstaffing.com, accountablesearch.com, executiveassistantsearch.com, ljkushner.com, edgerock.com, edgerock.net, edgerockblue.com, edgerockcares.com, edgerockcares.net, edgerockconsultants.com, edgerockit.com, edgerockpartners.com, edgerockperm.com, edgerockred.com, edgerocksearch.com, edgerocksolutions.com, edgerockstaffing.com, edgerocktech.com, edgerocktech.net, edgerocktechnologies.com, etphome.com, joinedgerock.com, myedgerock.com, momentumsolutionz.com, and hornsolutions.net. In early 2023, the Board of Directors approved management's plan to rebrand as BGSF, eliminating various current trade names. We intend to complete this rebranding by the end of the second quarter of 2023. 

11 

Regulation 
 
 We are subject to regulation by numerous federal, state and local regulatory agencies, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Labor, which sets employment practice standards for workers, and similar state and local agencies. We are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions within which we operate. While the specific laws and regulations vary among these jurisdictions, some require some form of licensing and often have statutory requirements for workplace safety and notice of change in obligation of workers compensation coverage in the event of contract termination. Although compliance with these requirements imposes some additional financial risk on us, particularly with respect to those client partners who breach their payment obligation to us, such compliance has not had a material adverse effect on our business to date. Increased government regulation of the workplace or of the employer-employee relationship, or judicial or administrative proceedings related to such regulation, could also materially harm our business. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file electronically with the SEC our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our website address is www.bgsf.com. The information included on our website is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed or furnished such material to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Furthermore, we will provide electronic or paper copies of filings free of charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 There are numerous and varied risks that may prevent us from achieving our goals, including those described below. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the events or circumstances described below were to occur, our business, the financial condition and the results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors could lose part or all of their investment. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future financial performance, and investors or prospects should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Company and Our Business 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry with low barriers to entry, and may be unable to compete successfully against existing or new competitors. 
 
 The workforce solution market is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry. We compete in national, regional and local markets with approximately 25,000 full-service and specialized workforce solution companies. We expect that the level of competition will remain high, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability. 
 
 Several of our existing or potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do, which may enable them to: 
 
 Develop and expand their infrastructure and service offerings more quickly and achieve greater cost savings; 
 Invest in new technologies; 
 Expand operations into new markets more rapidly; 
 Devote greater resources to marketing; 
 Compete for acquisitions more effectively and complete acquisitions more easily; and 
 Aggressively price products and services and increase benefits in ways that we may not be able to match. 
 
 In order to compete effectively in our markets, we must target our potential client partners carefully, continue to improve our efficiencies and the scope and quality of our workforce solutions, and rely on our service quality, innovation, education and 
 12 

program clarity. If our competitive advantages are not compelling or sustainable, then we are unlikely to increase or sustain profits and our stock price could significantly decline. 
 
 In addition, heightened competition among our existing competitors, especially on a price basis, or by new entrants into the market, could create additional competitive pressures that may reduce our margins and adversely affect our business. If we fail to successfully respond to these competitive pressures or to implement our strategies effectively, our revenues or gross margins could be significantly reduced. 
 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with geographic market concentration. 
 
 Geographic revenue in excess of 10 of our consolidated revenue from continuing operations in fiscal year 2022 and the related percentage for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 was generated in the following areas: 
 2022 2021 2020 Tennessee 10 12 16 Texas 23 23 15 
 
 Consequently, weakness in economic conditions in these regions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of future operations. 

A downturn of the U.S. or global economy could result in our client partners using fewer workforce solutions or becoming unable to pay us for our services on a timely basis or at all, which would materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Because demand for workforce solutions is sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity, our business may suffer during economic downturns. During periods of weak economic growth or economic contraction, the demand for such workforce solutions typically declines. When demand drops, our operating profit is typically impacted unfavorably as we experience a deleveraging of our selling and administrative expense base as expenses may not decline as quickly as revenues. In periods of decline, we can only reduce selling and administrative expenses to a certain level without negatively impacting the long-term potential of our brands. Additionally, during economic downturns companies may slow the rate at which they pay their vendors, or they may become unable to pay their obligations. If our client partners become unable to pay amounts owed to us, or pay us more slowly, then our cash flow and profitability may materially suffer. 
 
 Our business depends on a strong reputation and anything that harms our reputation will likely harm our results. 
 
 As a provider of workforce solutions, as well as consultant services, our reputation is dependent upon the performance of the field talent we place with our client partners and the services rendered by our consultants. We depend on our reputation and name recognition to secure engagements and to hire qualified field talent and consultants. If our client partners become dissatisfied with the performance of those field talent or consultants or if any of those field talent or consultants engage in or are believed to have engaged in conduct that is harmful to our client partners, our ability to maintain or expand our client base may be significantly harmed. Moreover, use of our copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, or other intellectual property by third parties, including but not limited to unauthorized use by third parties for criminal purposes or otherwise, even if such use is outside our reasonable control, may significantly harm our reputation or the value of our copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, or other intellectual property, or subject us to legal proceedings, and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 Our rebranding plan may take a significant amount of time and involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by our client partners. 
 
 In early 2023, our board of directors approved our management s plan to rebrand as BGSF, eliminating various current trade names. We intend to complete this rebranding by the end of the second quarter of 2023. We may incur substantial costs as a result of the rebranding and may not be able to achieve or maintain brand name recognition or status that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed by certain of our brands. The failure of our rebranding initiative could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain client partners, which could cause us not to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits contemplated by the rebranding. 

13 

We would be adversely affected by the loss of key personnel. 
 
 Our operations and financial success depend significantly on our leadership management team and team members. The loss of any key members of this group could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified field talent. 
 
 We depend on our ability to attract qualified field talent who possess the skills and experience necessary to meet the workforce solution requirements of our client partners. We must continually evaluate our base of available qualified personnel to keep pace with changing client partner needs. Competition for individuals with proven professional skills is intense, and demand for these individuals is expected to remain strong for the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance that qualified personnel will continue to be available. Our success is substantially dependent on our ability to recruit and retain qualified field talent. 
 
 Our workforce solution agreements may be terminated on short notice, leaving us vulnerable to loss of a significant amount of client partners in a short period of time. 
 
 Our workforce solution agreements with our client partners are generally cancellable by the client partners with little or no notice to us. As a result, a significant number of our client partners can terminate their agreements with us at any time, making us particularly vulnerable to a significant decrease in revenue within a short period of time that could be difficult to quickly replace. 
 
 If we are unable to retain existing client partners or attract new client partners, our results of operations could suffer. 
 
 Increasing the growth and profitability of our business is particularly dependent upon our ability to retain existing client partners and capture additional client partners. Our ability to do so is dependent upon our ability to provide high quality workforce solutions and offer competitive prices. If we are unable to execute these tasks effectively, we may not be able to attract a significant number of new client partners and our existing client partners base could decrease, either or both of which could have a materially adverse impact on our revenues. 

Acquisitions and new business initiatives may not be successful. 
 
 We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into new business initiatives, including, but not limited to, dispositions, joint ventures, and strategic investments, as part of our long-term business strategy. These acquisitions and new business initiatives involve significant challenges and risks, including that they may not advance our business strategy, that we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we may experience difficulty in integrating operations, or diversion of management s attention from our other business. We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates in the future. Moreover, acquisitions may require substantial capital needs and the incurrence of additional indebtedness which may change significantly our capitalization and results of operations. Further, these acquisitions could result in post-closing discovery of material undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business or assets, title or other defects with respect to acquired assets, discrepancies or errors in furnished financial statements or other information or breaches of representations made by the sellers, or the unexpected loss of key team members or client partners from acquired businesses. These events could cause material harm to our operating results or financial condition. 
 
 We have debt that could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations or put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 
 While we believe our current debt level is reasonable, we have utilized, and expect to continue to utilize, debt for acquisitions. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our lenders could have a material impact on investors, including the requirement to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service rather than for our operations and the need to comply with the various covenants associated with such debt. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain additional debt financing for future working capital, capital expenditures or other home office purposes or may have to pay more for such financing. We could also be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions, or we may be disadvantaged compared to competitors with less leverage. 
 
 14 

We have significant working capital needs and if we are unable to satisfy those needs from cash generated from our operations or borrowings under our revolving credit facility, we may not be able to meet payroll requirements. 
 
 We require significant amounts of working capital to operate our business. If we experience a significant and sustained drop in operating profits, or if there are unanticipated reductions in cash inflows or increases in cash outlays, we may be subject to cash shortfalls. If such a shortfall were to occur for even a brief period of time, it may have a significant adverse effect on our business. In particular, we use working capital to pay expenses relating to our team members and field talent and to satisfy our workers compensation and tax liabilities. Generally, we pay our field talent on a weekly basis while we receive payments from our client partners 30 to 90 days after billing. As a result, we must maintain sufficient cash availability to pay team members and field talent and fund related payroll liabilities prior to receiving payment from client partners. 
 
 We derive working capital for our operations through cash generated by our operating activities and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We believe that our current sources of capital are adequate to meet our working capital needs. However, our available sources of capital are limited. If our working capital needs increase in the future, we may be forced to seek additional sources of capital, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 The maximum amount we are entitled to borrow under our revolving credit facility is currently 35.0 million and the availability of unused funds is affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, as well as by the daily timing of cash collections and cash outflows. 
 
 We typically experience significant seasonal and other fluctuations in our borrowings and borrowing availability, and we aggressively manage our cash flow to ensure adequate funds to meet working capital needs. Such management steps include working to improve collections, adjusting the timing of cash expenditures and managing operating expenses. However, such steps may not always be successful. 
 
 Failure to comply with restrictive covenants under our credit agreement could trigger prepayment obligations or additional costs. 
 
 Our credit agreement includes various financial and other covenants with which we have to comply in order to maintain borrowing availability and avoid default interest, including minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and maximum leverage ratio. 
 
 Any future failure to comply with our covenants which may occur under our credit agreement could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could trigger prepayment obligations. There can be no assurances that any lender will waive defaults that may occur in the future. If we are forced to refinance our credit agreement, there can be no assurance that such refinancing would be available or that such refinancing would not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Even if such refinancing were available, the terms could be less favorable and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by increased costs and interest rates. 
 
 We could be required to write-off goodwill or intangible assets in future periods if our future operating results suffer. 
 
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to review our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment at least annually. Our goodwill and intangibles assets from continuing operations were 55.2 million and 47.6 million, respectively, at the end of fiscal year 2022. An unfavorable evaluation could cause us to write-off these assets in future periods. Any future write-offs could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. For example, at the February, 2023 Board of Director's meeting, management's plan was approved to rebrand as BGSF, eliminating various current trade names. See Note 8 - Intangible Assets in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
 
 The amount of collateral that we are required to maintain to support our workers compensation obligations could increase, reducing the amount of capital we have available to support and grow our field operations. 
 
 We are contractually obligated to collateralize our workers compensation obligations under our workers compensation program through irrevocable letters of credit, surety bonds or cash. Our workers compensation program renews annually on January 1 of each year, and as part of the renewal, collateral is adjusted to reflect current operating levels. These collateral requirements are significant and place pressure on our liquidity and working capital capacity. We believe that our current sources of liquidity are adequate to satisfy our immediate needs for these obligations; however, our available sources of capital are limited. Depending on future changes in collateral requirements, we could be required to seek additional sources of capital in the future, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 15 

We are dependent on workers compensation insurance coverage at commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 We provide workers compensation insurance for our team members and field talent. Our workers compensation insurance policies are renewed annually. We cannot be certain we will be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future or that adequate replacement policies will be available on commercially reasonable terms. The loss of our workers compensation insurance coverage would prevent us from doing business in the majority of our markets. Further, we cannot be certain that our current and former insurance carriers will be able to pay claims we make under such policies. The loss of workers' compensation insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Because we assume the obligation to make wage, tax and regulatory payments in respect of our team members and field talent, we are exposed to client partner credit risks. 
 
 We generally assume responsibility for and manage the risks associated with our team members and field talent payroll obligations, including liability for payment of salaries and wages (including payroll taxes), as well as group health and retirement benefits. These obligations are fixed, whether or not the client partner makes payments required by our workforce solutions agreement, which exposes us to credit risks. We attempt to mitigate this risk by generally invoicing our client partners weekly and having a high number of client partners who are geographically and industry diverse. We also carefully monitor the timeliness of our client partners payments and impose strict credit standards on our client partners. If we fail to successfully manage our credit risk, we may suffer significant losses which would decrease our profitability. 
 
 Our business is subject to federal, state and local labor and employment laws and a failure to comply could materially harm our business. 
 
 We are subject to regulation by numerous federal, state and local regulatory agencies, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Labor, which sets employment practice standards for workers, and similar state and local agencies. We are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions within which we operate. While the specific laws and regulations vary among these jurisdictions, some require some form of licensing and often have statutory requirements for workplace safety and notice of change in obligation of workers compensation coverage in the event of contract termination. Compliance with these requirements imposes some additional financial risk on us, particularly with respect to those client partners who breach their payment obligation to us. Any inability or failure to comply with government regulation could materially harm our business. Increased government regulation of the workplace or of the employer-employee relationship, or judicial or administrative proceedings related to such regulation, could also materially harm our business. 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Health Care Reform Laws include various health-related provisions that took effect during 2014 and established new regulations on health plans. Although the Health Care Reform Laws do not mandate that employers offer health insurance, beginning in 2015 tax penalties were assessed on employers who do not offer health insurance that meets certain affordability or benefit requirements. A portion of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act became effective in 2019 reducing the penalty to zero that requires most individuals to have health insurance, which effectively repealed the Health Care Reform Laws requirement. However, some states have begun proceedings to keep these mandates intact through state legislation. Unless modified by regulations or subsequent legislation, the payment of tax penalties if such coverage is not adequate, may increase our costs. Without the individual mandate, more individuals might decline coverage, which could have an impact on employer premiums. If we are unable to raise the rates we charge our client partners to cover these costs, such increases in costs could materially harm our business. 
 
 In addition, certain of our client partners may require that we indemnify them against losses in the event that the client partner is determined to be non-compliant with the Health Care Reform Laws with respect to one or more of our field talent assigned to such client partner. While we have not received notice from any client partner that acts or omissions by us may have resulted in losses to the client partner relating to non-compliance with the Health Care Reform Laws, any future liabilities that may be incurred by us pursuant to any such indemnification provisions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 It is likely that the U.S. Congress will continue to seek to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the Health Care Reform Laws. It is unclear at this point what the scope of any future such legislation will be and when it will become effective. Because of the uncertainty surrounding this replacement health care reform legislation, we cannot predict with any certainty the likely impact of the Health Care Reform Laws repeal or the adoption of any other health care reform legislation on our financial condition or operating results. Whether or not there is alternative health care legislation enacted in 
 16 

the U.S., there is likely to be significant disruption to the health care market in the coming months and years and the costs of our health care expenditures may increase. 
 
 We may be exposed to employment-related claims and losses, including class action lawsuits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Workforce solution providers typically assign personnel in the workplaces of other businesses. The risks of these activities include possible claims relating to: 
 
 discrimination and harassment; 
 wrongful termination or denial of employment; 
 violations of employment rights related to employment screening or privacy issues; 
 classification of field talent; 
 assignment of illegal aliens; 
 violations of wage and hour requirements; 
 retroactive entitlement to field talent benefits; 
 errors and omissions by our field talent; 
 misuse of client partners proprietary information; 
 misappropriation of funds; 
 damage to client partners facilities due to negligence of field talent; and 
 criminal activity. 
 
 We may incur fines and other losses or negative publicity with respect to these claims. In addition, these claims may give rise to litigation, which could be time-consuming and expensive. New employment and labor laws and regulations may be proposed or adopted that may increase the potential exposure of employers to employment-related claims and litigation. There can be no assurance that the policies we have in place to help reduce our exposure to these risks will be effective or that we will not experience losses as a result of these risks. There can also be no assurance that the insurance policies we have purchased to insure against certain risks will be adequate or that insurance coverage will remain available on commercially reasonable terms or be sufficient in amount or scope of coverage. 

U.S. federal tax regulations and interpretations could adversely affect us. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA was signed into law. Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of these changes on our results of operations will likely evolve as new regulations and interpretations relating to the TCJA are implemented. In addition, various political figures have pledged their support to overturning or modifying key aspects of the TCJA which could further increase the uncertainty relating to the impact of this or any future tax legislation on our results of operations. 
 
 Natural disasters and unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts, global political events and other serious catastrophic events could disrupt business and otherwise materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 With operations in many states, we are subject to numerous risks outside of our control, including risks arising from natural disasters, such as fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks and other health emergencies, terrorist acts or disruptive political events, or similar disruptions that could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our operations are often dependent on the ability of team members, field talent and consultants to travel from business to business and from location to location. Any public health emergencies, including a real or potential pandemic such as those caused by the avian flu, SARS, Ebola, COVID-19, or even a particularly virulent flu, could decrease demand for our workforce solutions and our ability to offer them. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect travel and the ability of businesses to remain open, which could lead to decreased ability to offer our workforce solutions and materially adversely affect our short-term results of operations. Although we cannot predict such events or their consequences, these events could materially adversely affect our stock price, reputation, business and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Protection 
 
 Our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially negatively affected if we cannot successfully keep pace with technological changes impacting the development and implementation of our workforce solutions and the evolving needs of our client partners. 
 17 

Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes affecting both the development and implementation of our workforce solutions and the needs of our client partners. Technological advances such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, and automation are impacting industries served by all our lines of business. In addition, our business relies on a variety of technologies, including those that support hiring and tracking, order management, billing, and client data analytics. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and industry developments, appropriately implement new technologies, or evolve our business at sufficient speed and scale in response to such developments, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these developments, our workforce solutions, results of operations, and ability to develop and maintain our business could be negatively affected. 
 
 We are dependent upon technology services, and if we experience damage, service interruptions or failures in our computer and telecommunications systems, or if our security measures are breached, our client partner and field talent relationships and our ability to attract new client partners may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business could be interrupted by damage to or disruption of our computer, telecommunications equipment, or software systems, some of which are managed by third-party vendors, and we may lose data. Our client partners businesses may be adversely affected by any system or equipment failure we experience. As a result of any of the foregoing, our relationships with our client partners may be impaired, we may lose client partners, our ability to attract new client partners may be adversely affected and we could be exposed to contractual liability. Precautions in place to protect us from, or minimize the effect of, such events may not be adequate. In addition, our business involves the storage and transmission of field talent or client partners proprietary information, and security breaches, computer viruses or Cyber-attacks, including attacks motivated by grievances against the business industry in general or against us in particular, could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, field talent error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to client partner data, our reputation may be damaged, we may be subject to government sanctions, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and are growing increasingly sophisticated. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, we could be liable and the market perception of our workforce solutions could be harmed or result in increased costs or loss of revenue. The potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks may increase as we introduce new workforce solution offerings. 
 
 We maintain insurance with respect to many of such claims; however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain insurance at a cost that does not have a material adverse effect upon us or that such claims (whether by reason of us not having sufficient insurance or by reason of such claims being outside the scope of our insurance) will not have a material adverse effect upon us. 
 
 Changes in data privacy and protection laws and regulations in respect of control of personal information could increase our costs or otherwise adversely impact our operations. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, use, and retain personal information from our team members, field talent candidates, and contractors, including, without limitation, full names, government-issued identification numbers, addresses, birth dates, and payroll-related information. The possession and use of personal information in conducting our business subjects us to a variety of complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy, protection and security, which, in many cases, apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among us and our subsidiaries. Complying with the enhanced obligations and future laws and regulations relating to data transfer, residency, privacy and protection has increased and may continue to increase our operating costs and require significant management time and attention, while any failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply with applicable laws could result in governmental enforcement actions, fines, and other penalties that could potentially have a material adverse effect on our operations and reputation. 
 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 An investment in our common stock should be considered high risk. 
 
 An investment in our common stock requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return. Investment banks may not agree to underwrite primary or secondary offerings on behalf of our company or its stockholders in the future. If all or any of the foregoing risks occur, it would have a material adverse effect on our company. 
 
 18 

We cannot predict whether an active trading market for our common stock will continue. Even if an active trading market continues, the market price of our common stock may remain volatile. 
 In the absence of an active trading market: 
 you may have difficulty buying and selling our common stock at all or at the price you consider reasonable; 
 market visibility for shares of our common stock may be limited, which may have a depressive effect on the market price for shares of our common stock and on our ability to raise capital or make acquisitions by issuing our common stock. 
 
 Even if an active market for our common stock continues, of which no assurances can be given, the market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 changes in financial or operational estimates or projections; 
 duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate its spread; 
 changes in the economic performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; 
 conditions in markets generally; 
 sales of significant amounts of our common stock; and 
 general economic or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere. 
 
 The securities market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock. 
 
 We will likely issue additional common stock in the future, which would dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders. 
 
 In the future we may issue additional securities up to our total authorized and unissued amounts, including shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our stockholders. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining personnel, option exercises, future acquisitions or future placements of our securities for capital-raising or other business purposes. Moreover, the exercise of our existing outstanding stock options, which are exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock, would dilute our existing common stockholders. 
 
 Our compliance with complicated regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure has resulted and may in the future result in additional expenses. 
 
 We are faced with expensive, complicated and evolving disclosure, governance and compliance laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which we refer to as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. New or changing laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards of a public company are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 
 
 Our failure to comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to U.S. public companies could subject us or our management to regulatory scrutiny or sanction, which could harm our reputation and stock price. 
 
 There may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may materially harm our company. 
 
 Proper systems of internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure are critical to the operation of a public company. Should such systems fail to detect or prevent error or fraud, it would leave us without the ability to reliably compile financial information about our company and significantly impair our ability to prevent or detect errors and fraud, all of which would have a negative impact on our company from many perspectives. 
 
 19 

Moreover, we do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting, even if established, will prevent all errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control systems to prevent and detect errors or fraud could materially adversely impact us. 
 
 We cannot be sure we will pay dividends in the future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 
 While we have declared and paid dividends for the prior thirty-three quarterly periods, we are limited in our ability to pay dividends by our credit agreement, and therefore, we cannot be certain if we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the future. Any future determination with respect to the payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, the terms of our then existing indebtedness, contractual restrictions, future prospects, general economic conditions and other factors considered relevant by our board of directors. Consequently, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 
 Upon dissolution of our company, you may not recoup all or any portion of your investment. 
 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the proceeds and/or assets of our company remaining after giving effect to such transaction, and the payment of all of our debts and liabilities will be distributed to the stockholders of common stock on a pro rata basis. There can be no assurance that we will have available assets to pay to the holders of common stock, or any amounts, upon such a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our company. In this event, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 Certain provisions of our organizational documents may make it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors and may discourage hostile takeover attempts that some of our stockholders may consider to be beneficial. 
 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control if our board of directors determines that such changes in control are not in the best interests of us and our stockholders. The provisions in such certificate of incorporation and bylaws include, among other things, the following: 
 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms; 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without stockholder approval; 
 stockholder action can only be taken at a special or regular meeting and not by written consent except in limited circumstances; 
 advance notice procedures for nominating candidates to our board of directors or presenting matters at stockholder meetings; 
 removal of directors only for cause; 
 allowing only our board of directors to fill vacancies on our board of directors or increase the size of our board of directors; and 
 super-majority voting requirements to amend certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
 
 We have elected in our certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), a statutory provision that may have the effect of delaying, hindering or preventing some takeovers of our company. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination, such as a merger, with a person or group owning 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless (with certain exceptions) the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly, we will not be subject to any anti-takeover effects of Section 203. Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203, except that they generally provide that Taglich Private Equity LLC, Taglich Brothers, Inc. or any of their respective affiliates or associates, including any investment funds or portfolio companies managed by any of the foregoing, or any other person with whom any of the foregoing act as a group for the purpose of acquiring, voting or disposing 
 20 

of our shares, or any person that becomes an interested stockholder as a result of a transfer of 5 or more of our voting stock by the forgoing persons to such person, will be excluded from the interested stockholder definition in our certificate of incorporation and will therefore not be subject to the restrictions set forth therein that have the same effect as Section 203. 
 
 While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of our company to negotiate with our board of directors, they could enable the board of directors to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of the stockholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 Our home office is located at 5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730, Plano, Texas 75024, and our telephone number is 972-692-2400. We lease our home office, which is approximately 6,200 square feet of space. We now operate across 46 states and D.C. We lease all of our offices, which are located throughout the U.S., through operating leases with terms that range from six months to five years. We also have month to month leases. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 From time to time we have been threatened with, or named as a defendant in, litigation, administrative claims and lawsuits. We carry insurance to mitigate potential liabilities associated therewith. The principal risks that we insure against, subject to and upon the terms and conditions of our various insurance policies, are workers compensation, general liability, automobile liability, property damage, professional liability, employment practices, crime and cyber risk, directors and officer liability, fiduciary liability and fidelity losses. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 21 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares, through January 1, 2023, the cumulative total return of the Company s common stock, a peer group index of certain publicly traded workforce solutions companies, and the Russell 3000. The graph assumes the investment of 100 at the beginning of the period depicted in the chart and reinvestment of all dividends. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. The following graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 

Periodically, we review companies within our peer group and decide if we need to make any changes. The peer group index represents the cumulative total return of BGSF and similar corporations providing field talent or permanent employment workforce solutions. Our peer group includes: GEE Group, Mastech Digital, Resources Connection, Inc., and Staffing 360 Solutions. 
 
 Market Information and Holders 
 
 Our common stock commenced listing on the NYSE on November 14, 2019 under the symbol BGSF, was listed on the NYSE American from October 27, 2014 to November 13, 2019 under the symbol BGSF and was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, or OTCBB, under the symbol BGSF from April 30, 2014 to October 27, 2014. Prior to the quotation of our common stock on the OTCBB, there was no public market for our common stock. The table below contains the market range of high and low prices for our common stock. 
 22 

Quarter Ended: High Low January 1, 2023 15.49 10.30 September 25, 2022 13.33 11.88 June 26, 2022 13.62 11.65 March 27, 2022 15.10 12.80 December 26, 2021 15.65 11.61 September 26, 2021 13.99 11.55 June 27, 2021 14.77 11.45 March 28, 2021 16.91 12.24 
 
 As of February 13, 2023, our common stock closing price was 15.69 per share. 
 As of February 13, 2023, there were approximately 3,402 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The board of directors has declared and we have paid the following cash dividends during the fiscal years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 Declared Date Record Date Distribution Date Dividend per Share Amount Paid January 30, 2020 February 10, 2020 February 18, 2020 0.30 3,092,771 May 7, 2020 May 20, 2020 May 27, 2020 0.05 515,349 August 5, 2020 August 18, 2020 August 25, 2020 0.05 515,349 November 5, 2020 November 16, 2020 November 23, 2020 0.10 1,031,679 Total 5,155,148 February 8, 2021 February 18, 2021 February 26, 2021 0.10 1,033,597 May 6, 2021 May 17, 2021 May 24, 2021 0.10 1,034,334 August 5, 2021 August 16, 2021 August 23, 2021 0.12 1,248,183 November 3, 2021 November 15, 2021 November 22, 2021 0.12 1,251,025 Total 4,567,139 February 3, 2022 February 14, 2022 February 22, 2022 0.15 1,564,649 April 27, 2022 May 17, 2022 May 24, 2022 0.15 1,572,332 August 3, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 22, 2022 0.15 1,574,992 November 2, 2022 November 14, 2022 November 21, 2022 0.15 1,577,709 Total 6,289,682 
 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company's board of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of 0.15 per share of common stock to be paid on March 2, 2023 to all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 23, 2023. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends is restricted under the terms of our credit agreement and may be restricted under other agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness from time to time. Any future determination with respect to the payment of dividends, including whether to declare a dividend, and, if so, the amount thereof, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, the terms of our then existing indebtedness, contractual restrictions, future prospects, general economic conditions and other factors considered relevant by our board of directors. 

23 

Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following equity compensation plan information is provided as of January 1, 2023: 
 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 883,699 15.81 129,268 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 0.00 158,718 Total 883,699 15.81 287,986 
 
 A description of the equity compensation plan is incorporated by reference to Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 In December 2022, we issued 254,455 shares of common stock in a private placement for a value of 3.4 million, and a convertible two-year promissory note of 4.4 million with an annual interest rate of 6 that is convertible into common shares at any time after one year at a conversion price of 17.12 per share at the closing of the Horn Solutions acquisition. 
 
 The foregoing issuance of securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 During 2022, there were no stock repurchases. During 2021, we repurchased 610 shares of the Company's common stock at a cost of 8,442 and a weighted average price of 13.84 upon the vesting of restricted stock to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding requirements. 

24 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 The following tables set forth our summary consolidated historical financial data from continuing operations. You should read the information set forth below in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated historical financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statement of operations data for the fiscal years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 and the balance sheet data as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021 set forth below are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statement of operations data for the fiscal years ended 2019 and 2018 and the balance sheet data as of December 27, 2020, December 29, 2019, and December 31, 2018 set forth below were derived from our audited financial statements not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 December 29, 2019 December 31, 2018 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues 298,422 239,027 207,125 219,764 206,174 Gross profit 103,548 80,941 66,040 69,826 64,520 Selling, general and administrative expenses 83,211 65,115 55,244 50,222 44,787 Gain on contingent consideration (2,403) (76) (3,775) Impairment losses 7,240 Depreciation and amortization 4,054 3,698 4,861 4,718 4,833 Operating income (loss) 16,283 14,531 (1,229) 14,886 18,675 Loss on extinguishment of debt 541 Interest expense, net 1,363 1,433 1,584 1,569 2,850 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 14,920 13,098 (2,813) 12,776 15,825 Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations 3,659 2,640 (741) 3,135 2,855 Income (loss) from continuing operations 11,261 10,458 (2,072) 9,641 12,970 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 14,100 3,651 3,513 3,606 4,579 Net income 25,361 14,109 1,441 13,247 17,549 Basic income (loss) per share: Continuing operations 1.08 1.01 (0.20) 0.94 1.35 Income from discontinued operations: Income 0.12 0.44 0.46 0.46 0.58 Gain on Sale 1.69 Income tax expense (0.46) (0.09) (0.12) (0.11) (0.10) Net income per share basic 2.43 1.36 0.14 1.29 1.83 Diluted income (loss) per share: Continuing operations 1.07 1.00 (0.20) 0.93 1.32 Income from discontinued operations: Income 0.12 0.44 0.46 0.46 0.57 Gain on Sale 1.69 Income tax expense (0.46) (0.09) (0.12) (0.11) (0.10) Net income per share diluted 2.42 1.35 0.14 1.28 1.79 
 25 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 10,427 10,367 10,312 10,239 9,577 Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 10,473 10,417 10,338 10,351 9,808 Other Financial Data: Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations (1) 
 21,693 14,970 12,197 21,609 21,256 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.60 0.44 0.50 1.20 1.15 
 
 Balance Sheet Data from Continuing Operations: Working capital 47,955 25,851 17,960 20,532 13,079 Total assets 194,673 148,294 130,278 100,378 84,316 Total outstanding borrowings, net 66,670 39,450 34,634 27,494 20,089 Total other long-term liabilities 3,059 7,240 14,224 6,068 654 Stockholders equity 100,737 76,592 65,458 68,457 65,702 
 (1) We present Adjusted EBITDA (defined below), a measure that are not in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America non-GAAP ), in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to provide investors with a supplemental measure of our operating performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful performance measures and is used by us to facilitate a comparison of our operating performance on a consistent basis from period-to-period and to provide for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than measures under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP can provide alone. Our board and management also use Adjusted EBITDA as one of the primary methods for planning and forecasting overall expected performance and for evaluating on a quarterly and annual basis actual results against such expectations, and as a performance evaluation metric in determining achievement of certain compensation programs and plans for our management. In addition, the financial covenants in our credit agreement are based on EBITDA as defined in the credit agreement. 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, impairment losses, transaction fees, and certain non-cash expenses such as share-based compensation expense. Omitting interest, taxes and the other items provides a financial measure that facilitates comparisons of our results of operations with those of companies having different capital structures. Since the levels of indebtedness and tax structures that other companies have are different from ours, we omit these amounts to facilitate investors ability to make these comparisons. Similarly, we omit depreciation and amortization because other companies may employ a greater or lesser amount of property and intangible assets. We also believe that investors, analysts, and other interested parties view our ability to generate Adjusted EBITDA as an important measure of our operating performance and that of other companies in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income for the periods indicated as a measure of our performance. Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
 The use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as analytical tool, and you should not consider this performance measure in isolation from, or as an alternative to, GAAP measures such as net income. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of liquidity under GAAP or otherwise, and is not an alternative to cash flow from continuing operating activities. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by the expenses that are excluded from that term or by unusual or non-recurring items. The limitations of Adjusted EBITDA include: (i) it does not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; (ii) it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (iii) it does not reflect income tax payments we may be required to make; and (iv) it does not reflect the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments associated with indebtedness. 

26 

To properly and prudently evaluate our business, we encourage you to review our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA from net income, the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, set forth in the following table. All of the items included in the reconciliation from net income to Adjusted EBITDA are either (i) non-cash items or (ii) items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance. In the case of the non-cash items, management believes that investors may find it useful to assess our comparative operating performance because the measures without such items are less susceptible to variances in actual performance resulting from depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges and more reflective of other factors that affect operating performance. In the case of the other items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance, management believes that investors may find it useful to assess our operating performance if the measures are presented without these items because their financial impact may not reflect ongoing operating performance. 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 December 29, 2019 December 31, 2018 (dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) from continuing operations 11,261 10,458 (2,072) 9,641 12,970 Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations (1) 
 3,659 2,640 (741) 3,135 2,855 Interest expense, net 1,363 1,433 1,584 1,569 2,850 Loss on extinguishment of debt 541 Operating income (loss) 16,283 14,531 (1,229) 14,886 18,675 Depreciation and amortization 4,054 3,698 4,861 4,718 4,833 Gain on contingent consideration (2,403) (76) (3,775) Impairment losses (2) 
 7,240 CARES Act credit (2,084) Share-based compensation 1,085 1,058 786 850 1,015 Transaction fees 271 170 615 434 508 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 21,693 14,970 12,197 20,888 21,256 
 (1) 2020 Included a 3.3 million re-measurement of the net deferred tax assets as a result of the TCJA. 
 (2) In the Professional segment, we recognized a 3.7 million trade name impairment loss and a 3.5 million client partner list impairment loss during the thirteen week period ended June 28, 2020. 
 27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations from continuing operations, our expectations regarding the future performance of our business and the other non-historical statements in the discussion and analysis are forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results of operations may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and other financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial information provided is based on the results of our continuing operations. Please refer to Note 4 Discontinued Operations of our audited consolidated financial statements for information regarding our discontinued operations. 
 
 Our historical financial information may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 We provide workforce solutions to our client partners in a variety of industries through our various divisions in IT, Cyber, Finance Accounting, Managed Services, and Real Estate (apartment communities and commercial buildings) and have completed a series of acquisitions including the acquisition of BG Personnel, LP and B G Staff Services Inc. in June 2010, substantially all of the assets of JNA Staffing, Inc. in December 2010, Extrinsic, LLC in December 2011, American Partners, Inc. in December 2012, InStaff in June 2013, D W in March 2015, VTS in October 2015, Zycron in April 2017, Smart in September 2017, and LJK in December 2019, 100 of the equity of EdgeRock in February 2020, Momentum Solutionz in February 2021, and substantially all of the assets of Horn Solutions in 2022. We have continuing operations in two industry segments Real Estate and Professional, and discontinued operations in the Light Industrial segment. We primarily operate within the United States of America across 46 states and D.C. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, we sold substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of InStaff to Sentech Engineering Services, Inc. Sentech for a sale price of approximately 30.3 million cash at closing and an additional 2 million one year following the date of the acquisition. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain on sale of discontinued operations of 17.3 million. The Light Industrial segment provided field talent primarily to manufacturing, distribution, logistics, and call center client partners needing a flexible workforce out of 11 locations and 13 on-sites in 11 states. 
 
 The InStaff financial results for periods prior to the sale have been reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as discontinued operations. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations in the periods presented are classified as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 4 Discontinued Operations of our audited consolidated financial statements for information regarding our discontinued operations. 
 
 The Real Estate segment provides office and maintenance field talent to various apartment communities and commercial buildings in 36 states and D.C., via property management companies responsible for the apartment communities' and commercial buildings' day-to-day operations. The Real Estate segment currently operates through two divisions, BG Multifamily and BG Talent. 
 
 The Professional segment provides specialized talent and business consultants on a nationwide basis for information technology IT ), managed services, finance, accounting, legal and human resource client partner projects. The Professional segment currently operates through three divisions, IT Consulting, Managed Services, and Finance and Accounting under various trade names including Extrinsic, American Partners, Donovan Watkins, Vision Technology Services, Zycron, Smart Resources, L.J. Kushner Associates, EdgeRock Technology Partners, Momentum Solutionz, and Horn Solutions. 

28 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables summarize key components of our results from continuing operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenues, and have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the financial results of 2022 were not materially impacted by the additional week. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 (dollars in thousands) Revenues 298,422 239,027 207,125 Cost of services 194,874 158,086 141,085 Gross Profit 103,548 80,941 66,040 Selling, general and administrative expenses 83,211 65,115 55,244 Gain on contingent consideration (2,403) (76) Impairment losses 7,240 Depreciation and amortization 4,054 3,698 4,861 Operating income (loss) 16,283 14,531 (1,229) Interest expense, net (1,363) (1,433) (1,584) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 14,920 13,098 (2,813) Income tax (expense) benefit from continuing operations (3,659) (2,640) 741 Income (loss) from continuing operations 11,261 10,458 (2,072) Income from discontinued operations: Income 1,235 4,570 4,767 Gain on sale 17,675 Income tax expense (4,810) (919) (1,254) Net income 25,361 14,109 1,441 Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 Revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of services 65.3 66.1 68.1 Gross Profit 34.7 33.9 31.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses 27.8 27.2 26.7 Gain on contingent consideration (1.0) Impairment losses 3.5 Depreciation and amortization 1.4 1.5 2.3 Operating income (loss) 5.5 6.1 (0.6) Interest expense, net (0.5) (0.6) (0.8) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 5.0 5.5 (1.4) Income tax (expense) benefit from continuing operations (1.2) (1.1) 0.4 Income (loss) from continuing operations 3.8 4.4 (1.0) 
 
 29 

Fifty-three Week Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 (Fiscal 2022) Compared with Fifty-two Week Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 (Fiscal 2021) 
 
 Revenues: 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Revenues by Segment: Real Estate 121,093 40.6 92,018 38.5 Professional 177,329 59.4 147,009 61.5 Total Revenues 298,422 100.0 239,027 100.0 
 
 Real Estate Revenues : Real Estate revenues increased approximately 29.1 million (31.6 ). The increase was due to a 18.6 increase in billed hours, and a 11.0 increase in average bill rate. 
 
 Professional Revenues : Professional revenues increased approximately 30.3 million (20.6 ), primarily due to growth in the IT division of 27.6 million, and the 2022 Horn Solutions acquisition which contributed 1.4 million of new revenues, while Managed Services increased 3.9 million or 110.1 . Billed hours increased 7.9 coupled with an 11.8 increase in average bill rate. 
 
 Gross Profit: 
 
 Gross profit represents revenues from workforce solutions less cost of services expenses, which consist of payroll, payroll taxes, payroll-related insurance, field talent costs, and reimbursable costs. 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Gross Profit by Segment: Real Estate 47,695 46.1 34,969 43.2 Professional 55,853 53.9 45,972 56.8 Total Gross Profit 103,548 100.0 80,941 100.0 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended Gross Profit Percentage by Segment: January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 Real Estate 39.4 38.0 Professional 31.5 31.3 Company Gross Profit Percentage 34.7 33.9 
 
 Overall, our gross profit increased approximately 22.6 million (27.9 ). As a percentage of revenue, gross profit has increased to 34.7 from 33.9 , primarily due to higher gross profits across all our segments. 
 
 We determine spread as the difference between bill rate and pay rate. 
 
 Real Estate Gross Profit: Real Estate gross profit increased approximately 12.7 million (36.4 consistent with the increase in revenue, and an 15.0 increase in average spread. 
 
 30 

Professional Gross Profit: Professional gross profit increased approximately 9.9 million (21.5 consistent with an increase in revenue, the Horn Solutions acquisition which provided gross profit of 0.6 million, and an overall increase of 12.6 in average spread. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SGA") as a percent of revenue increased 70 basis points to 27.9 . Total SGA increased 18.1 million (27.8 ), primarily due to additional compensation generated from increased overall gross profit and the Horn Solutions acquisition, which were partially offset by the CARES ACT credit in 2021. The components of SGA expense are detailed in the following table: 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Change Change (dollars in thousands) Compensation and related 64,782 21.7 53,332 22.5 11,450 21.5 Advertising and recruitment 1,987 0.7 1,379 0.6 608 44.1 Occupancy and office operations 2,773 0.9 3,128 1.3 (355) (11.3) Travel, meals and entertainment 1,044 0.3 389 0.2 655 168.4 Software 5,751 1.9 2,538 1.2 3,213 126.6 Liability insurance 991 0.3 740 0.3 251 33.9 Professional fees 1,647 0.6 1,111 0.8 536 48.2 Public company related costs 734 0.2 727 0.3 7 1.0 Bad debt 315 0.1 145 0.1 170 117.2 Share-based compensation 1,085 0.4 1,058 0.4 27 2.6 Transaction fees 271 0.1 170 0.1 101 59.4 Workers' compensation loss retention return (117) (348) (0.1) 231 (66.4) CARES Act credit (2,083) (0.9) 2,083 Other 1,948 0.7 2,829 0.5 (881) (31.1) Total 83,211 27.9 65,115 27.2 18,096 27.8 
 
 Gain on contingent consideration: There were no contingent gains in Fiscal 2022. As a result of the certain business developments in Fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a 2.4 million gain on contingent consideration related to the 2019 LJK acquisition. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization: Depreciation and amortization charges increased 0.4 million (9.6 primarily due to increases from the information technology improvement project and the Horn Solutions acquisition, which were offset by lower amortization related to the 2020 Edgerock and the 2019 LJK acquisitions. 
 
 Interest Expense, net: Interest expense, net decreased 0.1 million (4.9 primarily due to the pay down of the balance on the Term Loan in March 2022, which was partially offset by the New Term Loan starting in December 2022 and the higher average balance on the Revolving Facility. 
 
 Income Taxes: Income tax expense increased 1.0 million primarily due to higher pre-tax 2022 income and a higher effective tax rate in Fiscal 2022, offset by a higher Work Opportunity Tax Credit in 2021. 

31 

Fifty-two Week Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 (Fiscal 2021) Compared with Fifty-two Week Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2020 (Fiscal 2020) 

Revenues: 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 (dollars in thousands) Revenues by Segment: Real Estate 92,018 38.5 68,755 33.2 Professional 147,009 61.5 138,370 66.8 Total Revenues 239,027 100.0 207,125 100.0 
 
 Real Estate Revenues : Real Estate revenues increased approximately 23.3 million (33.8 ). The increase was due to a 20.1 increase in billed hours and a 11.0 increase in average bill rate. 
 
 Professional Revenues : Professional revenues increased approximately 8.6 million (6.2 ), primarily due to the 2020 EdgeRock acquisition which contributed fifty-two weeks of revenue in Fiscal 2021 vs. forty-seven weeks in Fiscal 2020, the 2021 Momentum acquisition which contributed 3.5 million of new revenues, an increase in permanent placements revenue of 1.2 million, and billed hours increased 5.5 . These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the IT division of approximately 11.6 million in revenue and a decrease of 0.2 in average bill rate. 
 
 Gross Profit: 
 
 Gross profit represents revenues from workforce solutions less cost of services expenses, which consist of payroll, payroll taxes, payroll-related insurance, field talent costs, and reimbursable costs. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 (dollars in thousands) Gross Profit by Segment: Real Estate 34,969 43.2 25,813 39.1 Professional 45,972 56.8 40,227 60.9 Total Gross Profit 80,941 100.0 66,040 100.0 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 Gross Profit Percentage by Segment: Real Estate 38.0 37.5 Professional 31.3 29.1 Company Gross Profit Percentage 33.9 31.9 
 
 Overall, our gross profit increased approximately 14.9 million (22.6 ). As a percentage of revenue, gross profit has increased to 33.9 from 31.9 , primarily due to higher gross profits across all our segments. 
 
 We determine spread as the difference between bill rate and pay rate. 
 
 32 

Real Estate Gross Profit: Real Estate gross profit increased approximately 9.1 million (35.5 consistent with the increase in revenue, and an 11.6 increase in average spread. 
 
 Professional Gross Profit: Professional gross profit increased approximately 5.8 million (14.3 from the 2020 EdgeRock acquisition which contributed fifty-two weeks of gross profit in Fiscal 2021 vs. forty-seven weeks in Fiscal 2020, the Momentum acquisition which provided gross profit of 1.7 million, and an overall increase of 1.4 in average spread. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the IT division of approximately 2.4 million in gross profit. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses: SGA expenses increased approximately 9.9 million (17.9 ), primarily due to additional compensation generated from increased overall gross profit, from the EdgeRock acquisition with fifty-two weeks in Fiscal 2021 vs. forty-seven weeks in Fiscal 2020, and the Momentum acquisition. The components of SGA expense are detailed in the following table: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Change Change (dollars in thousands) Compensation and related 53,332 22.5 41,563 20.0 11,769 28.3 Advertising and recruitment 1,379 0.6 1,552 1.0 (173) (11.1) Occupancy and office operations 3,128 1.3 3,456 2.0 (328) (9.5) Travel, meals and entertainment 389 0.2 321 68 21.2 Software 2,538 1.2 2,044 1.0 494 24.2 Liability insurance 740 0.3 584 156 26.7 Professional fees 1,111 0.8 1,143 1.0 (32) (2.8) Public company related costs 727 0.3 691 36 5.2 Bad debt 145 0.1 344 (199) (57.8) Share-based compensation 1,058 0.4 786 272 34.6 Transaction fees 170 0.1 615 (445) (72.4) Workers' compensation loss retention return (348) (0.1) (464) 116 (25.0) CARES Act credit (2,083) (0.9) (2,083) Other 2,829 0.5 2,609 1.0 220 8.4 Total 65,115 27.2 55,244 27.0 9,871 17.9 
 Gain on contingent consideration: As a result of the certain business developments in Fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a 2.4 million gain on contingent consideration related to the 2019 LJK acquisition. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization: Depreciation and amortization charges decreased approximately 1.2 million (23.9 ). The decrease in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to the Professional segment with a decrease related to the 2015 Vision Technology Services acquisition, which was partially offset by an increase related to the information technology improvement project. 
 
 Impairment loss: As a result of the certain business developments in Fiscal 2020 and changes in the Company's long-term projections, the Company calculated the quantitative impairment test of the finance and accounting group using the relief from royalty method for the indefinite-lived intangible assets and residual method for the definite-lived intangible assets by asset group. In the Professional segment, the Company recognized a 3.7 million trade name impairment loss and a 3.5 million client partner list impairment loss in Fiscal 2020. 
 
 Interest Expense, net: Interest expense, net decreased approximately 0.2 million (10) primarily due to the lower average balance on the Revolving Facility, offset by an increase in interest income from our workers compensation loss retention program. 
 
 33 

Income Taxes: Income tax expense increased 3.4 million primarily due to higher pre-tax 2021 income, intangible impairment losses in 2020, non-deductible transaction fees in 2020 related to the EdgeRock acquisition, and a higher Work Opportunity Tax Credit in 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our working capital requirements are primarily driven by field talent payments, tax payments and client partner accounts receivable receipts. Since receipts from client partners lag payments to field talent, working capital requirements increase substantially in periods of growth. 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement lead by BMO Harris Bank, N.A. BMO ), that provides for a revolving credit facility maturing July 16, 2024 (the Revolving Facility ). Our primary uses of cash are payments to field talent, team members, related payroll liabilities, operating expenses, capital expenditures, cash interest, cash taxes, dividends and contingent consideration and debt payments. We believe that the cash generated from operations, together with the borrowing availability under our Revolving Facility, will be sufficient to meet our normal working capital needs for at least the next twelve months, including investments made, and expenses incurred, in connection with opening new markets throughout the next year. Our ability to continue to fund these items may be affected by general economic, competitive and other factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our future cash flow from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to obtain additional debt or equity capital or refinance all or a portion of our debt. 
 
 While we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet our current operating requirements and expansion plans, we may elect to pursue additional growth opportunities within the next year that could require additional debt or equity financing. If we are unable to secure additional financing at favorable terms in order to pursue such additional growth opportunities, our ability to pursue such opportunities could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 A summary of our working capital, operating, investing and financing activities are shown in the following table: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 (dollars in thousands) Working capital from continuing operations 47,955 25,851 17,960 Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operations: Operating activities (3,300) 1,358 19,680 Investing activities (8,898) (6,990) (24,078) Financing activities 15,934 473 1,890 Net change in cash and cash equivalents discontinued operations (3,848) 5,271 2,508 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (112) 112 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash used in by operating activities consists of net income adjusted for non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, interest expense on contingent consideration payable, and the effect of working capital changes. The primary drivers of cash inflows and outflows are accounts receivable and accrued payroll and expenses. 
 
 During Fiscal 2022, net cash used in continuing operating activities was 3.3 million, a decrease of 4.7 million compared with 1.4 million net cash provided by continuing operating activities for Fiscal 2021. This decrease is primarily attributable to field talent and team member compensation disbursements including bonuses, commissions, and related taxes for services rendered in accrued payroll and expenses, and payments of deferred employer FICA for the CARES Act in other current liabilities. 
 
 34 

During Fiscal 2021, net cash provided by continuing operating activities was 1.4 million, a decrease of 18.3 million compared with 19.7 million for Fiscal 2020. This decrease is primarily attributable to increased accounts receivable and payments on accrued payroll and expenses, which were partially offset by an increase in the accrual in other long-term liabilities from deferred employer FICA for the CARES Act in Fiscal 2020. 
 
 During Fiscal 2020, net cash provided by continuing operating activities was 19.7 million, primarily attributable to the non-cash impact of intangible impairment losses, additional other long-term liabilities that includes the deferred employer FICA, and payments on accounts receivable, additional income taxes payable. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of cash paid for businesses acquired, cash received for businesses sold, and capital expenditures. 
 
 In Fiscal 2022, we received 30.7 million in connection with the sale of InStaff, we paid 33.9 million in connection with the Horn Solutions acquisition, and we made capital expenditures of 5.7 million mainly related to the the information technology improvement project and for software and computer equipment purchased in the ordinary course of business. In Fiscal 2021, we paid 3.8 million in connection with the Momentum acquisition and we made capital expenditures of 3.2 million mainly related to the information technology improvement project and for software and computer equipment purchased in the ordinary course of business. In Fiscal 2020, we paid net 22.0 million in connection with the 2020 EdgeRock and 2019 LJK acquisitions and we made capital expenditures of 2.1 million mainly related to the the information technology improvement project and for software and computer equipment purchased in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities consisted principally of borrowings and payments under our credit agreement, payment of dividends, and contingent consideration paid. 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, we received 40.0 million on the issuance of the New Term Loan, we paid down 26.9 million on the Term Loan, as discussed below, we paid 6.3 million in cash dividends on our common stock, we paid 1.1 million of contingent consideration related to the Momentum acquisition, and borrowed 9.8 million on our Revolving Facility for increased working capital needs. 
 
 For Fiscal 2021, we borrowed 6.8 million on our Revolving Facility for increased working capital needs and to fund the Momentum acquisition, paid 4.6 million in cash dividends on our common stock, and paid down 2.1 million on the Term Loan, as defined below. 
 
 For Fiscal 2020, we borrowed 22.5 million on our Term Loan, as defined below, to fund the EdgeRock acquisition and pay down the Revolving Facility, we reduced 14.4 million on our Revolving Facility, paid 5.2 million in cash dividends on our common stock, and paid down 1.1 million on the Term Loan. 
 
 Credit Agreements 
 
 On July 16, 2019, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), maturing July 16, 2024, led by BMO, as lead administrative agent, lender, letters of credit issuer, and swing line lender. The Credit Agreement provides for the Revolving Facility permitting us to borrow funds from time to time in an aggregate amount up to 35 million. The Credit Agreement also provided for a term loan commitment (the Term Loan permitting us to borrow funds from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed 30 million with principal payable quarterly, based on an annual percentage of the original principal amount as defined in the Credit Agreement, all of which has been funded. We also had the option to request an increase in in the aggregate Term Loan by 40 million, which was done in connection with the Horn Solutions acquisition. The Credit Agreement bore interest either at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin through August 17, 2022 (as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement). We pay an unused commitment fee on the daily average unused amount of Revolving Facility. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, the Company borrowed 3.8 million on the Revolving Facility in conjunction with the closing of the Momentum acquisition. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company paid down the balance on the existing Term Loan and a portion of the Revolving Facility using the proceeds from the sale of InStaff (See Note 4 - Discontinued Operations ). 
 35 

On August 18, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement (as amended, the Amended Credit Agreement with BMO to temporarily increase the Revolving Facility to 60 million for a period of ninety days and change the interest rate component from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). 
 
 In connection with the Horn Solutions acquisition on December 12, 2022 (See Note 3 - Acquisitions ), we borrowed 40 million, as noted above, pursuant to a second amendment to the credit agreement Second Credit Amendment ). Our obligations under the Second Credit Amendment are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all tangible and intangible property of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Second Credit Amendment bears interest either at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin (as such terms are defined in the Second Credit Amendment), with 2.5 of the original principal balance of the New Term Loan payable on the last business day of each quarter, beginning on March 31, 2023. 
 
 The Second Credit Amendment contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. We are subject to a maximum Leverage Ratio and a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as defined in the Second Credit Amendment. We were in compliance with these covenants as of January 1, 2023. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash contractual obligations as of January 1, 2023. 
 Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1 3 years 3 5 years More than 5 years (dollars in thousands) Long-term debt obligations 
 62,562 4,000 58,562 Contingent consideration 1,110 1,110 Convertible note 4,368 4,368 Operating lease obligations 5,336 2,043 2,344 781 168 Contractual cash obligations 73,376 7,153 65,274 781 168 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Letter of Credit 
 
 In March 2020, in conjunction with the 2020 EdgeRock acquisition, we entered into a standby letter of credit arrangement, which expires December 31, 2024, for purposes of protecting a lessor against default on lease payments. As of January 1, 2023, we had a maximum financial exposure from this standby letter of credit totaling 0.1 million, all of which is considered usage against our Revolving Facility. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 We have identified the policies listed below as critical to our business and the understanding of our results of operations. For a detailed discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 2 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We derive our revenues from continuing operations in Real Estate and Professional segments. We provide workforce solutions and placement services. Revenues are recognized when promised workforce solutions are delivered to client partners, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. We recognize revenue through the following types of services: workforce solutions, contingent placements, retained search placements and managed services. 

36 

Intangible Assets 
 
 We hold intangible assets with indefinite and finite lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, ranging from three to , based on a pattern in which the economic benefit of the respective intangible asset is realized. We capitalize purchased software and internal payroll costs directly incurred in the modification of software for internal use. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed in the period incurred. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the difference between the enterprise value/cash paid less the fair value of all recognized net asset fair values including identifiable intangible asset values in a business combination. We review goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The current provision for income taxes represents estimated amounts payable or refundable on tax returns filed or to be filed for the year. We recognizes any penalties when necessary as part of selling, general and administrative expenses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and amounts are classified net as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. When appropriate, we will record a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. We follow the guidance of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their potential effect on our results of operations and financial condition, refer to Note 2 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 We are exposed to certain market risks from transactions we enter into in the normal course of business. Our primary market risk exposure relates to interest rate risk. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 A portion of our Revolving Facility and New Term Loan are priced at variable interest rates. Accordingly, future interest rate increases could potentially put us at risk for an adverse impact on future earnings and cash flows. 

37 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Page Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of BGSF, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 39 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for each of the three fiscal years ended January 1, 2023 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for each of the three fiscal years ended January 1, 2023 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three fiscal years ended January 1, 2023 45 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

38 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
 Stockholders of BGSF, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BGSF, Inc., and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 39 

Acquisition of Horn Solutions, Inc. Fair Value of Intangible Assets 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Horn Solutions, Inc., Horn for a purchase price of 42.7 million in cash, common stock and a two-year convertible promissory note. The acquisition of Horn resulted in a total of 13.9 million of intangible assets, which are comprised primarily of client partner lists. The determination of fair value for the client partner lists required management to make estimates of discounted future cash flows and included their subjective assumptions of the appropriate discount rate, the growth of revenue, and rate of attrition for the related customers. 
 
 We identified the fair value of the intangible assets acquired in the Horn business combination to be a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to estimate their fair values. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the selection of discount and customer attrition rates, as well as forecasts of future revenues and cash flows. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the discount rates, and forecasts of future revenues and cash flows used by management to estimate the fair value of both the intangible assets acquired in the Horn business combination included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s Horn purchase price allocation, including those over the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, such as controls related to management s selection of discount rates, client attrition rate, and forecasts of future revenues and cash flows. 
 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (i) valuation methodology, (ii) discount rates, (iii) client attrition rate, and (iv) future revenue and growth rates, including testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates, testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 
 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenues and cash flows by considering the past financial performance of Horn and current economic factors. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

March 15, 2023 
 
 40 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

January 1, 2023 December 26, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of 557,605 for 2022 and 448,622 for 2021) Prepaid expenses Other current assets Current assets of discontinued operations Total current assets Property and equipment, net Other assets Deposits Other assets Deferred income taxes, net Right-of-use asset - operating leases Intangible assets, net Goodwill Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Long-term debt, current portion Accrued interest Accounts payable Accrued payroll and expenses Contingent consideration, current portion Lease liability, current portion Other current liabilities Income taxes payable Current liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Line of credit (net of deferred finance fees of 259,469 and 193,264 for 2022 and 2021, respectively) Long-term debt, less current portion Convertible note Contingent consideration, less current portion Lease liability, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share, 500,000 shares authorized, -0- shares issued and outstanding Common stock, 0.01 par value per share; 19,500,000 shares authorized, 10,772,515 and 10,425,210 shares issued and outstanding for 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of treasury stock, at cost, 1,845 shares for 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years ended January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Cost of services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Gain on contingent consideration ) ) Impairment losses Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit from continuing operations ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations: Income Gain on sale Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Change in unrealized losses (gains) on cash flow hedges ) Other comprehensive (gain) loss ) Net comprehensive income Net income per share - basic: Net Income from continuing operations ) Net income from discontinued operations: Income Gain on sale Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income per share - basic Net income per share - diluted: Net Income from continuing operations 1.07 1.00 (0.20) Net income from discontinued operations: Income Gain on sale Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income per share - diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Cash dividends declared per common share 0.50 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

42 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years ended January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Shares Par Value Treasury Stock Amount Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income Total Stockholders equity, December 29, 2019 ) Share-based compensation from continuing operations Share-based compensation from discontinued operations Issuance of restricted shares, net of 231 shares of treasury stock ) ) ) Share issuance costs ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stockholders equity, December 27, 2020 ) ) Share-based compensation from continuing operations Share-based compensation from discontinued operations Issuance of shares, net of offering costs ) ) Issuance of restricted shares, net of 610 shares of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of ESPP shares Exercise of common stock shares Cash dividends declared ) ) Net income Other comprehensive gain Stockholders equity, December 26, 2021 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 43 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 Years ended January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020 
 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Shares Par Value Treasury Stock Amount Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income Total Stockholders equity, December 26, 2021 ) Share-based compensation from continuing operations Share-based compensation from discontinued operations Transaction fees related sale of discontinued operations Issuance of shares Issuance of restricted shares ) Issuance of ESPP shares Exercise of common stock shares Cash dividends declared ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stockholders equity, January 1, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 44 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years ended January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (Income) from discontinued operations ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation Amortization Impairment losses CARES Act credit ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Contingent consideration adjustment ) ) Amortization of deferred financing fees Interest expense on contingent consideration payable Provision for credit losses Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes, net of acquired deferred tax liability ) Net changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Deposits ) ) Other assets ) Accrued interest Accounts payable ) ) Accrued payroll and expenses ) Other current liabilities ) ) Income taxes receivable and payable ) ) Operating leases ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by continuing operating activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by discontinued operating activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Businesses acquired, net of cash received ) ) ) Business sold Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Net cash used in continuing investing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in discontinued investing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

Years ended January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities Net borrowings (payments) under line of credit ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) ) ESPP shares Issuance of shares under the 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan and Form S-3 registration statement, net of exercises ) ) ) Contingent consideration paid ) Deferred financing costs ) Net cash provided by continuing financing activities Net cash provided by discontinued financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes, net of refunds 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 

NOTE 2 - 

47 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Concentration of Credit Risk 
 
 Concentration of credit risk is limited due to the Company s diverse client partner base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographic locations nationwide. No single client partner accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable from continuing operations as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021 or revenue from continuing operations in Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Texas 
 
 Consequently, weakness in economic conditions in these regions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of future operations. 

Acquired allowance for credit losses - Horn Solutions 
 Provision for credit losses, net Amounts written off, net ) ) Ending balance 

48 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The costs of leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or lease term. The cost of normal maintenance and repairs is charged to operating expenses as incurred. Material expenditures that increase the life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated remaining useful life of the asset. The cost of properties sold, or otherwise disposed of, and the related accumulated depreciation or amortization, are removed from the accounts, and any gains or losses are reflected in current operations. 
 
 million and million, which are included in Deposits and other assets from continuing operations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and reclassified million from property and equipment related to the information technology improvement project. 

to years, exercisable at the Company's option. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is an operating lease at inception. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. All other leases are recorded on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the lease term. 
 
 Right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term and include options to extend or terminate the lease when they are reasonably certain to be exercised. The present value of lease payments is determined primarily using the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement date. The Company s operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 , based on a pattern in which the economic benefit of the respective intangible asset is realized. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets recognized in conjunction with acquisitions are recorded at fair value. Significant unobservable inputs are used to determine the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets based on the income approach valuation model whereby the present worth and anticipated future benefits of the identifiable intangible assets are discounted back to their net present value. 
 
 The Company capitalizes purchased software and internal payroll costs directly incurred in the modification of software for internal use. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed in the period incurred. 
 49 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million trade name impairment loss and a million client partner list impairment loss in Fiscal 2020 (see Note 8 - Intangible Assets ). The Company determined that there were impairment indicators for these assets in Fiscal 2022 or 2021. 
 
 At the February 2023 Board of Directors meeting, management s plan was approved to rebrand as BGSF, eliminating various current trade names. See Note 8 - Intangible Assets . 
 
 goodwill impairment in Fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 The Company first evaluates qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If after qualitatively assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then further testing is unnecessary. If after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company then estimates the fair value of the reporting unit and compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill, as discussed below. 
 
 In assessing whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, the Company assesses relevant events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine the fair value. 
 
 The quantitative impairment test for an indefinite-lived intangible asset consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, a reporting unit shall recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to that excess. 
 
 The quantitative goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process. In the first step, the Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the Company must perform the second step of the impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss. In the second step, the reporting unit's fair value is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any unrecognized intangible assets, in a hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. If the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. 

50 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

51 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and restricted stock Weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding 
 Warrants Convertible note Antidilutive shares 
 
 million, which is limited annually, is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and amounts are classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. The overall change in deferred tax assets and liabilities for the period measures the deferred tax expense or benefit for the period. Effects of changes in enacted tax laws on deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected as adjustments to tax expense in the period of enactment. As of January 1, 2023, the Company has a million net operating loss carry forward from the 2020 EdgeRock acquisition with no expiration date. These net operating losses are subject to an annual Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitation of million. 
 
 When appropriate, the Company will record a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, based in part upon management s judgments regarding future events and past operating results. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that all deferred tax assets will be realized and thus, believes that a valuation allowance is not required as of January 1, 2023 or December 26, 2021. 

52 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 - 
 million cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments as specified in the purchase agreement. The purchase agreement further provides for contingent consideration of up to million based on the performance of the acquired business for the two years following the date of acquisition. As of January 1, 2023, contingent consideration of million has been paid. At closing, the purchase price was paid out of currently available funds under the Company s credit agreement led by BMO. The purchase agreement contained a provision for a true up of acquired working capital 60 days after the closing date, which was not material. 
 
 The acquired business was assigned to the Professional segment. The acquisition of Momentum allows the Company to strengthen its operations in IT consultants and technology professionals. Momentum provides IT consulting and managed workforce solutions for organizations utilizing ERP systems. The IT consulting workforce solutions include strategic planning, software selection, road mapping, cloud migration, and implementation of ERP systems. The IT managed workforce solutions include optimization and maintenance of ERP systems. Momentum provides workforce solutions to clients throughout the United States in a variety of industries, including but not limited to hospitals, retail, universities and mid-size businesses. 
 
 The 2020 consolidated statement of operations does not include any operating results of Momentum. The Fiscal 2021 Momentum operations included forty-seven weeks for approximately million of revenue and of million operating income. All amounts recorded to goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Property plant and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Liabilities Assumed ) Total net assets acquired Cash Fair value of contingent consideration Total fair value of consideration transferred for acquired business 
 
 years Trade name Indefinite Client partner list years Total 
 
 The Company incurred costs of approximately million related to the Momentum acquisition. These costs were expensed as incurred in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

53 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million was paid at closing with million in cash and million of the Company common stock shares of the Company common stock privately placed under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based upon the volume weighted average closing price of the Company s shares for the ten business days prior to closing), as well as a two-year convertible promissory note of million with an annual interest rate of , with accrued and unpaid interest to be paid quarterly. The promissory note is convertible into shares of the Company common stock at any time after the one-year anniversary of the promissory note at a conversion price equal to per share. The promissory note is subordinate to the Company s senior debt. An additional portion of the purchase price, million in cash, was held back as partial security for a post-closing purchase price adjustment, which is expected to fund in March 2023. The asset purchase agreement contains a provision for a true up of acquired working capital within 120 days after the closing date. The purchase price at closing was paid out of funds under the Company's credit agreement led by BMO, see Note 12 - Debt . 
 
 The acquired business was assigned to the Professional segment. The acquisition of Horn Solutions allows the Company to strengthen and expand its finance and accounting operations across the country by providing consulting, project loan staff, interim staff, direct hire, and managed services through three complementary business units, strategic accounting and finance, information technology, and transactional accounting and office staffing. Horn Solutions provides services to clients in a variety of industries including, but not limited to energy, financial services, healthcare, real estate and construction, service, manufacturing, and software industries. 
 
 The 2021 and 2020 consolidated statements of operations do not include any operating results of Horn Solutions. The Fiscal 2022 consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income includes three weeks of Horn Solutions operations, which is approximately million of revenue and operating income. 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Property and equipment Right-of-use asset - operating leases Intangible assets Goodwill Current liabilities assumed ) Lease liability - operating leases ) Total net assets acquired Cash Hold back (included in Other current liabilities) Convertible Note Common stock Working capital adjustment ) Total fair value of consideration transferred for acquired business 
 
 years Client partner list years Total 
 
 The Company incurred costs of million related to the Horn Solutions acquisition. These costs were expensed as incurred in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

54 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Gross profit Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 Pro forma net income from continuing operations includes amortization of identifiable intangible assets, interest expense on additional borrowings on the Revolving Facility related to Momentum and the New Term Loan related to Horn Solutions (see Note 12 - Debt at a rate of in 2022 and in 2021 and tax expense of the pro forma adjustments at an effective tax rate of for Fiscal 2022 and for Fiscal 2021. The pro forma operating results include adjustments to Momemtum and Horn Solutions related to synergy adjustments for expenses that would be duplicative and other non-recurring, non-operating and out of period expense items once integrated with the Company. 
 
 Amounts set forth above are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have been attained had the Momentum and Horn Solutions acquisitions taken place on the first day of Fiscal 2021 or of the results that may be achieved by the combined enterprise in the future. 

NOTE 4 
 
 million cash, subject to customary sales price and working capital adjustments specified in the purchase agreement, which were received in the amount of million in October 2022. The purchase agreement further provides for deferred consideration of million one year following the date of the acquisition, which is included in Other current assets, see Note 5 - Other Current Assets . The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain on sale of discontinued operations of million. The Company provided certain back-office services to Sentech through February 2023. 
 
 The InStaff financial results for periods prior to the sale have been reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as discontinued operations. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations in the periods presented are classified as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Cost of services Gross profit Selling expenses Depreciation Income from operations of discontinued operations before gain on sale and income taxes 

55 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Property and equipment, net Deposits Right-of-use assets - operating leases Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total assets classified as discontinued operations Carrying amount of liabilities included as part of discontinued operations: Accrued payroll and expenses Lease liability, current portion Lease liability, less current portion Total liabilities classified as discontinued operations 

NOTE 5 - 

Deferred consideration Income tax receivable 
 Horn Solutions working capital adjustment Workers' compensation deposit refund receivable 
 Due from Sentech Other 
 
 CARES Act Receivable 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 Furniture and fixtures Computer systems Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Total depreciation expense from continuing operations in Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. In Fiscal 2022, the Company added software assets of million and reclassed million to Other assets and million to Intangible assets related to the information technology improvement project. 
 56 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 - 
 years years years Weighted average discount rate for continuing operating leases Cash paid for continuing operating leases Continuing operating lease expense 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payment Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

NOTE 8 - 
 Covenant not to compete Computer software Indefinite lives: Trade names Total 
 
 57 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Covenant not to compete Computer software Indefinite lives: Trade names Total 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Total amortization expense from continuing operations for Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. In Fiscal 2022, the Company added software assets of million and reclassified million from property and equipment related to the information technology improvement project. 
 
 At the February 2023 Board of Directors meeting, management s plan was approved to rebrand as BGSF, eliminating various current trade names. million in trade name assets, which will be written off in 2023. Since the trade name asset has an indefinite life, the carrying value is not amortized. Thus, the impairment will have no cash impact. 

NOTE 9 - 
 Additions from acquisitions December 26, 2021 Additions from acquisitions January 1, 2023 

58 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 10 - 
 Field talent payroll related Accrued bonuses and commissions Other Accrued payroll and expenses 
 
 At December 26, 2021, Other current liabilities includes million of deferred employer FICA. Under CARES Act, employers affected by the coronavirus epidemic were allowed relief from the payment of employer FICA taxes. The CARES Act only applies to taxes incurred from March 27, 2020 through December 31, 2020. The second half of the delayed payments were paid by December 31, 2022. 

) 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 million is included in Other current assets from continuing operations, see Note 5 - Other Current Assets, and state income tax payable of million is included in Income taxes payable from continuing operations. At December 26, 2021, federal and state income tax payable of million is included in Income taxes payable from continuing operations. 
 
 Current state income tax Deferred income tax (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations ) Income tax expense from discontinued operations Income tax expense 

59 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Goodwill and intangible assets Accrued payroll and expenses Contingent consideration Other long-term liabilities (deferred employer FICA) Share-based compensation Net operating loss carry forward Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Deferred income taxes, net 

) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Equity, permanent differences and other ) ) ) Work Opportunity Tax Credit, net ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations ) Income tax expense from discontinued operations Income tax expense 

NOTE 12 - 
 million. The Credit Agreement also provided for a term loan commitment (the Term Loan permitting the Company to borrow funds from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed million with principal payable quarterly, based on an annual percentage of the original principal amount as defined in the Credit Agreement, all of which has been funded. The Company also had the option to request an increase in in the aggregate Term Loan by million, which was done in connection with the Horn Solutions acquisition. The Credit Agreement bore interest either at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin through August 17, 2022 (as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement). The Company pays an unused commitment fee on the daily average unused amount of Revolving Facility. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, the Company borrowed million on the Revolving Facility in conjunction with the closing of the Momentum acquisition. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company paid down the balance on the existing Term Loan and a portion of the Revolving Facility using the proceeds from the sale of InStaff (See Note 4 - Discontinued Operations ). 
 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement with BMO to temporarily increase the Revolving Facility to million for a period of ninety days and change the interest rate component from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). 
 
 In connection with the Horn Solutions acquisition on December 12, 2022 (See Note 3 - Acquisitions ), the Company borrowed million, as noted above, pursuant to a second amendment to the Credit Agreement Second Credit 
 60 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the original principal balance of the New Term Loan payable on the last business day of each quarter, beginning on March 31, 2023. 
 
 The Second Credit Amendment contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is subject to a maximum Leverage Ratio and a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as defined in the Second Credit Amendment. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Letter of Credit 
 
 In March 2020, in conjunction with the 2020 EdgeRock acquisition, the Company entered into a standby letter of credit arrangement, which expires December 31, 2024, for purposes of protecting a lessor against default on lease payments. As of January 1, 2023, the Company had a maximum financial exposure from this standby letter of credit totaling million, all of which is considered usage against the Revolving Facility. The Company has no history of default, nor is it aware of circumstances that would require it to perform under, any of these arrangements and believes that the resolution of any disputes thereunder that might arise in the future would not materially affect the Company's consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, no liability has been recorded in respect to these arrangements as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 At January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021, million and million, respectively, was outstanding on the revolving facilities. Average daily balance for Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 SOFR LIBOR Total 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 Fixed rate SOFR Long-term debt 
 
 2024 Less deferred finance fees ) Total, net 
 
 61 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million notional amount was designed as a cash flow hedge on the underlying variable rate interest payments against a fixed interest rate. In accordance with cash flow hedge accounting treatment, the Company had determined that the hedge was perfectly effective using the change-in-variable-cash-flow method. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company paid down the balance on the existing Term Loan containing the million notional amount, which cancelled the pay-fixed/receive-floating interest rate swap agreement. The unrealized gains or losses associated with the change in the fair value of the effective portion of the hedging instrument was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. The Company reclassified the interest rate swap from accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss against interest expense in the same period in which the hedge transaction affected earnings. As of January 1, 2023, these amounts have been removed from Other long-term assets (See Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements ). 
 
 Convertible Note 
 
 At January 1, 2023, the Company has a two-year convertible promissory note of million due to the seller with an annual interest rate of , with accrued and unpaid interest to be paid quarterly related to the Horn Solutions acquisition on December 12, 2022 (See Note 3 - Acquisitions ). The promissory note is convertible into shares of our common stock at any time after the one-year anniversary of the promissory note at a conversion price equal to per share. The promissory note is subordinate to the Company s senior debt. 

NOTE 13 - 
 Convertible note Convertible note Level 2 Contingent consideration, net Contingent consideration, net - current and long-term Level 3 
 
 The changes in the Level 2 fair value measurements from December 26, 2021 to January 1, 2023 relate to the convertible note of million on the Horn acquisition and to the cancellation of the interest rate swap agreement. Key inputs in determining the fair value of the convertible note was the interest rate of and the interest rate swap as of December 26, 2021 were quoted prices from BMO. 
 
 The changes in the Level 3 fair value measurements from December 26, 2021 to January 1, 2023 relates primarily to payments of million on the Momentum acquisition, partially offset by million in accretion. Key inputs in determining the fair 
 62 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as well as management's estimates of future sales volumes and earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ). 

NOTE 14 - 

NOTE 15 - 
 shares of common stock, par value per share and shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 The Company issued net restricted common stock of and shares to team members and non-team member (non-employee) directors in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. The restricted shares of par value per share were issued under the 2013 Plan and contain a three-year service condition. The restricted stock constitutes issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, except for the right of disposal, for all purposes during the period of restriction including voting rights and dividend distributions. 
 
 In connection with the vesting portions of the restricted stock, the Company repurchased , and shares of company stock, or treasury stock, to satisfy the withholding obligation in connection with the vesting of a portion of the restricted stock for Fiscal 2021, and 2020, respectively. treasury stock was repurchased in 2022. Treasury stock is accounted for under the cost method whereby the entire cost of the acquired stock is recorded. 

63 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16 - 
 
 shares remain available for issuance under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 The term of each option is determined by the board of directors but cannot exceed years. Unless otherwise specified in an option agreement, options vest and become exercisable on the following schedule: immediately and on each anniversary date of the grant date. Each option shall be designated as an incentive stock option ISO or a non-qualified option NQO ). The exercise price of an ISO shall not be less than the fair market value of the stock covered by the ISO at the grant date; provided, however, the exercise price of an ISO granted to any person who owns, directly or indirectly, stock of the Company constituting more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company or of any affiliate of the Company, shall not be less than 110 of such fair market value. 
 
 The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the assumptions in the following table. Because this option valuation model incorporates ranges of assumptions for inputs, those ranges are disclosed below. The Company bases the estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatilities of the Company for a period equal to the expected life of the option. 
 
 The risk-free rate for periods within the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company expects to use historical data to estimate team member termination within the valuation model; separate groups of team members that have similar historical termination behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The Company believes these estimates and assumptions are reasonable. However, these estimates and assumptions may change in the future based on actual experience as well as market conditions. 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million and million of compensation expense from continuing operations related to stock awards, respectively. Unamortized share-based compensation expense from continuing operations as of January 1, 2023 amounted to million which is expected to be recognized over the next years. 
 
 Weighted-average risk-free interest rate Weighted-average dividend yield Weighted-average volatility factor Weighted-average expected life yrs yrs yrs 

64 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted Forfeited / Canceled ) Awards outstanding at December 27, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited / Canceled ) Awards outstanding at December 26, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited / Canceled ) Awards outstanding at January 1, 2023 Awards exercisable at December 26, 2021 Awards exercisable at January 1, 2023 
 
 Non-vested outstanding at January 1, 2023 
 
 During Fiscal 2022 there were cashless stock option exercises. During Fiscal 2021 the Company issued shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of stock options, and during Fiscal 2020, there were cashless stock option exercises. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, of compensation expense related to restricted stock. Unamortized share-based compensation expense as of January 1, 2023 amounted to million which is expected to be recognized over the next years. 

65 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Issued Vested ) Restricted outstanding at December 27, 2020 Issued Vested ) Restricted outstanding at December 26, 2021 Issued Vested ) Restricted outstanding at January 1, 2023 Nonvested outstanding at December 26, 2021 Nonvested outstanding at January 1, 2023 
 
 Warrant Activity 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did recognize compensation cost related to warrants. There was unamortized stock compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of January 1, 2023. 

Expired ) Warrants exercisable at December 27, 2020 Expired ) Warrants outstanding at December 26,2021 and January 1, 2023 Warrants exercisable at December 26, 2021 and January 1, 2023 
 
 There were no non-vested warrants outstanding at January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020. There were no exercises of warrants in Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 The intrinsic value in the tables above is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price of outstanding options or warrants, before applicable income taxes and represents the amount holders would have realized if all in-the-money options or warrants had been exercised on the last business day of the period indicated. 
 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2020 ESPP 
 
 In November 2020, the Company's shareholders approved the 2020 ESPP. Under the 2020 ESPP, eligible team members of the Company may elect for payroll deductions to purchase shares on each purchase date during an offering period. A total of shares of common stock of BGSF, Inc. were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2020 ESPP. For Fiscal 2022, and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock under the 2020 ESPP, respectively. 
 66 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 17 - 

NOTE 18 - 
 up to the first and of the next of a team member or field talent's compensation. The Company contributed million, million and million from continuing operations to the 401(k) Plan for Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 19 - 
 industry segments: Real Estate and Professional. 
 
 Segment income from continuing operations includes all revenue and cost of services, direct selling expenses, depreciation and amortization expense and excludes all general and administrative (home office) expenses. Assets of home office include cash, unallocated prepaid expenses, property and equipment, deferred tax assets, and other assets. 
 
 Professional Total 
 Depreciation: Real Estate Professional Home office Total Amortization: Professional Home office Total Operating income (loss): Real Estate Professional - without CARES Act credit and impairment loss Professional - CARES Act credit Professional - impairment loss ) Home office - general and administrative ) ) ) Home office - CARES Act credit Home office - gain on contingent consideration Total ) 
 
 67 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Professional Home office Total Total Assets: Real Estate Professional Home office Discontinued operations Total 

NOTE 20 - 
 Gross profit Income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net income Net income per share - basic: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Gain on sale Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income per share - basic Net income per share - diluted: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Gain on sale Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income per share - diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 68 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Gross Profit (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Net (loss) income per share - basic: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net income per share - basic Net (loss) income per share - diluted: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net income per share - diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

NOTE 21 - 
 per share of common stock to be paid on March 2, 2023 to all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 23, 2023. 
 
 Trade names 
 
 At the February 2023 Board of Directors meeting, management s plan was approved to rebrand as BGSF, eliminating various current trade names. Management intends to complete this rebranding by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The decision to rebrand creates an indication of impairment of the million in trade name assets, which will be written off in 2023. Since the trade name asset has an indefinite life, the carrying value is not amortized. Thus, the impairment will have no cash impact. 
 
 Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 On March 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the appointment of John Barnett, as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, effective March 20, 2023 (the Commencement Date ). B G Staff Services, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with Mr. Barnett. The Employment Agreement remains in effect through December 31, 2025, and then under successive one-year extensions unless terminated pursuant to its terms. 
 
 In the event that Mr. Barnett s employment is terminated for any reason, he is eligible to receive his accrued but unpaid base salary, earned but unpaid acquisition bonus, and (if the termination is due to death, involuntary termination without cause, termination for good reason, or expiration of the employment period) earned but unpaid bonus for the preceding fiscal year and a prorated annual bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs (each calculated as described in the Employment Agreement). 
 69 

BGSF, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

70 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We note that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving the stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) for the Company. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Company s Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, using criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, has been audited by Whitley Penn LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 71 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
 Stockholders of BGSF, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited BGSF, Inc.'s and its subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company, as of January 1, 2023 and December 26, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 1, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ), and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 An entity s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. An entity s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the entity; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

72 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Whitley Penn LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 15, 2023 
 73 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Board Composition 
 Our Board of Directors (the Board consists of six directors. Our Board has determined that the following directors are independent as defined under the rules of the NYSE: C. David Allen, Jr., Richard L. Baum, Jr., Douglas E. Hailey, Cynthia Marshall, and Paul A. Seid. The authorized number of directors may be changed by resolution of our Board. Vacancies on our Board can be filled by resolution of our Board. Our Board is divided into three classes, each serving staggered, three-year terms: 
 Our Class I director is Beth Garvey, and her term will expire at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders; 
 Our Class II directors are Richard L. Baum, Jr., Cynthia Marshall, and Paul A. Seid, and the term of each director will expire at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders; and 
 Our Class III directors are C. David Allen, Jr. and Douglas E. Hailey the term of each director will expire at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 As a result, only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective terms. 
 
 Board Leadership and Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 Meetings of our Board (including executive sessions other than executive sessions consisting only of independent directors) are presided over by our Chair of the Board, Beth Garvey. Our Board does not have a formal policy addressing whether or not the roles of chair and chief executive officer should be separate or combined. The directors serving on the Board possess considerable professional and industry experience, significant experience as directors of both public and private companies and a unique knowledge of the challenges and opportunities that the Company faces. As such, the Board believes that it is in the best position to evaluate the needs of the Company and to determine how best to organize the Company s leadership structure to meet those needs. While the Board believes it is important to retain the flexibility to determine whether the roles of chair and chief executive officer should be separated or combined in one individual, the Board believes that our structure represents the appropriate allocation of roles and responsibilities at this time. Our Board believes that Ms. Garvey is currently best situated to preside over meetings of our Board because of her familiarity with our business and ability to effectively identify strategic priorities and lead the discussion and execution of strategy. Ms. Garvey works closely with senior management and various Board members to identify appropriate topics of consideration for the Board and to plan effective and informative Board meetings. 
 
 Our Board oversees the risk management activities designed and implemented by our management and executes its oversight responsibility for risk management both directly and through its committees. The full Board also considers specific risk topics, including risks associated with our strategic plan, our whistle blower program, business operations and capital structure, and ESG matters. In addition, our Board receives detailed regular reports from members of our senior management and other personnel that include assessments and potential mitigation of the risks and exposures involved with their respective areas of responsibility. 
 
 Our Board delegates to the Audit Committee oversight of our risk management process. Our other Board committees also consider and address risk as they perform their respective committee responsibilities. All committees report to the full Board as appropriate, including when a matter rises to the level of a material or enterprise level risk. 

74 

Committees of the Board 
 The standing committees of our Board consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of the committees reports to our Board as they deem appropriate and as our Board may request. The composition, duties and responsibilities of these committees are set forth below. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (1) appointing, retaining and evaluating our independent registered public accounting firm and approving all services to be performed by them; (2) overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance; (3) overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that we file with the SEC; (4) reviewing and monitoring our accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (5) establishing procedures for the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters; (6) reviewing and approving related person transactions; and (7) overseeing the risk management process. 
 
 Our Audit Committee consists of C. David Allen, Jr., Richard L. Baum, Jr. and Douglas E. Hailey. We believe that each qualifies as independent directors according to the rules and regulations of the SEC and NYSE with respect to audit committee membership. We also believe that Mr. Hailey and Mr. Allen qualify as our audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Our Board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, which is available on our home office website under the investor relations tab at www.bgsf.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (1) reviewing key team member (i.e., employee) compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; (2) reviewing and approving the compensation of our directors, president and executive officer and other executive officers; (3) reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and (4) administering our stock plans and other incentive compensation plans, including our 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan and our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities, along with the authority to take action in relation to such responsibilities, to one or more subcommittees as the committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The Compensation Committee may invite such members of management to its meetings as it deems appropriate. However, the Compensation Committee meets regularly without such members present, and in all cases no officer may be present at meetings at which such officer s compensation or performance is discussed or determined. The Committee has the authority, in its sole discretion, to select, retain and obtain the advice of a compensation consultant as necessary to assist with the execution of its duties and responsibilities. Neither the Compensation Committee nor management engaged a compensation consultant with respect to Fiscal 2022. 
 
 Our Compensation Committee consists of C. David Allen, Jr., Richard L. Baum, Jr., Cynthia Marshall, and Paul A. Seid. Our Board has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee, which is available on our home office website under the investor relations tab at www.bgsf.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 We have a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which identifies, evaluates and recommends qualified nominees to serve on our Board, develops and oversees our internal corporate governance processes and maintains a management succession plan. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter defines the committee s primary duties. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate nominees for director, including nominees recommended by stockholders, using all relevant criteria, including diversity of experience and background. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider any director candidates recommended by the Company s stockholders provided that the notice and information requirements specified by Section 2.06(b) (c) of the Bylaws (relating to direct stockholder nominations) are complied with. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Richard L. Baum, Jr., Douglas E. Hailey, Cynthia Marshall, and Paul A. Seid. A copy of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s charter is available on our home office website, under the investor relations tab at www.bgsf.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

75 

Other Committees 
 Our Board may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or any of our directors. 
 Directors 
 
 C. David Allen, Jr. 
 
 Independent Director Age: 59 Director Since: 2014 Committees Served: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee 
 
 Starting in 2022, Mr. Allen has served as Chief Financial Officer of Life Sciences Logistics, a Blackstone portfolio company. From 2016 to 2022, Mr. Allen has served as Chief Financial Officer of Smart Start, LLC, a provider of automotive technology products. Prior to Smart Start, from 2015 to 2016, Mr. Allen has served as Chief Financial Officer of Graebel Vanlines Holdings, LLC, a provider of commercial and residential logistics, moving and storage services. Prior to Graebel, from 2009 to 2015, Mr. Allen served as an officer of Snelling Services, LLC, a workforce solutions and contract provider. From 2010 to 2015, Mr. Allen served as President and Chief Executive Officer. From 2009 to 2010 he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Snelling, Mr. Allen served for three years as Chief Operating Officer and six years as Chief Financial Officer for Telvista Inc., a business process outsourcer providing customer relationship management solutions. He earned a Master of Business Administration degree from the Tuck School at Dartmouth College in 1993 and received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Stephen F. Austin State University with honors in 1986. Our Board benefits from Mr. Allen's extensive experience in the workforce solutions industry as well as his financial expertise. 
 
 Richard L. Baum, Jr. 
 
 Independent Director Age: 62 Director Since: 2013 Committees Served: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee (Chair), Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) 
 Richard L. Baum, Jr. served on the board of managers of LTN Acquisition, LLC (the former parent of the predecessor to BGSF, Inc.) since its inception and was appointed to serve on our Board in November 2013. Since March 2013, Mr. Baum has been Chairman of the Board of Unique Fabricating, Inc. (NYSE American: UFAB). Mr. Baum joined Taglich Private Equity LLC in 2005 and currently is an active director with a number of private companies where Taglich has an investment. Prior to joining Taglich, Mr. Baum led a group that purchased a private equity portfolio from Transamerica Business Credit. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Baum was a Managing Director in the small business merger and acquisition practices of Wachovia Securities and its predecessor, First Union Securities. From 1988 through 1998, Mr. Baum was a Principal with the Mid-Atlantic Companies, Ltd., a financial services firm acquired by First Union in 1998. Mr. Baum received a Bachelor of Science from Drexel University and a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Our Board benefits from Mr. Baum's perspective and experience with our ongoing operations and strategy that he has obtained through his prolonged service to the company and due to his ability to assist with the evaluation of potential acquisitions. 
 
 Beth Garvey 
 
 Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Age: 57 
 Director Since: 2020 
 Beth Garvey began serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in October 2018. Ms. Garvey previously served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from August 2016 and joined the Company through the Company's acquisition of substantially all of the assets of InStaff Holding Corporation and InStaff Personnel, LLC InStaff in 2013. Ms. Garvey started at InStaff in 1998 as Director of Human Resources, subsequently serving as Director of Operations, VP of 
 76 

Operations, Senior VP of Operations, COO and ultimately CEO prior to our acquisition. The Staffing Industry Analysts has recognized her as one of North America Staffing 100 for the previous 3 years and included her in the Global Power 150 Women in Staffing list for the past 4 years. In addition, D CEO has named Ms. Garvey as one of the top Dallas 500 Business Leaders 4 times. In 2010, Ms. Garvey was a Dallas Business Journal Women in Business honoree recognizing outstanding local women business leaders who not only make a difference in their industries, but also in their communities. Beth currently serves on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Corporate Directors in North Texas, Junior Achievement of Dallas, and the Board of Directors of the Dallas Regional Chamber, where she is a member of the DEI Diversity Leadership Sub-Council, prior co-chair of the Talent Attraction committee. She is a past chair of the Executive Committee for the Dallas Executive Women s Roundtable. She is a member of YTexas and founding Board Member of the YTexas Foundation an initiative of Texas CEOs to help advance workforce development initiatives for students and veterans in the State of Texas. In addition, she is a member of the Leadership Committee for the Dallas 50/50 Women on Boards. Ms. Garvey was named as a finalist in the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2020 Award for the Southwest region. Our Board benefits from Ms. Garvey's extensive experience in the workforce solutions industry. 
 
 Douglas E. Hailey 
 
 Independent Director Age: 61 
 Director Since: 2013 Committees Served: Audit Committee (Chair), Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 Douglas E. Hailey served on the board of managers of LTN Acquisition, LLC (the former parent of the predecessor to BGSF, Inc.) since its inception and was appointed to our Board in November 2013. Mr. Hailey is the managing director of Taglich Private Equity LLC. Mr. Hailey joined Taglich Brothers, Inc. in 1994 as Head of Investment Banking and is an employee, not a partner, director, shareholder or executive officer. Taglich Brothers, Inc. is not an affiliate of Taglich Private Equity LLC. He co-led the private equity initiative in 2001 and currently participates in evaluating and executing new investments. Prior to joining Taglich Brothers, Inc., Mr. Hailey spent five years with Weatherly Financial Group, assisting in sponsoring leveraged buyouts and five years in structured finance lending at Heller Financial and the Bank of New York. He received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Eastern New Mexico University and a Master of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Texas. Our Board benefits from Mr. Hailey's perspective and experience with our ongoing operations and strategy that he has obtained through his prolonged service to the company and due to his ability to assist with the evaluation of potential acquisitions. 
 
 Cynthia Marshall 
 
 Independent Director Age: 63 Director Since: 2020 Committees Served: Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 Ms. Marshall is currently the CEO of the Dallas Mavericks, is Founder, President and CEO of the consulting firm Marshalling Resources. The Marshalling Resources consulting firm specializes in leadership, diversity and inclusion, culture transformation and overall optimization of people resources. Ms. Marshall worked with The Dow Chemical Company in 2017 and 2018 to develop and implement a strategy for institutionalizing an inclusive culture. Prior to this position, Ms. Marshall retired from a 36-year career at AT T, where she had ultimately served as SVP - Human Resources and Chief Diversity Officer. She was responsible for identifying and developing leaders, aligning employees with the company s vision and priorities, overseeing major business unit HR support, performance development, employee engagement, skills transformation initiatives, EEO and Affirmative Action. She led the team that created a world class Diversity and Inclusion culture, earning AT T a top 3 ranking on Diversity Inc s 2017 Top 50 list of companies. Ms. Marshall also spearheaded the work that for the first-time placed AT T on Fortune s 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2017 (one of only two Fortune 50 companies). Before her SVP-Human Resources and Chief Diversity Officer roles, Ms. Marshall served as President - AT T North Carolina where she became the first African-American chair of the North Carolina State Chamber of Commerce. Marshall graduated from the University of California-Berkeley with degrees in Business Administration and Human Resources Management and holds four honorary Doctorate degrees. Ms. Marshall has chaired a variety of non-profit boards and is currently on the board of Dallas CASA, Dallas Regional Chamber, Texas Women s Foundation, Texas 2036 and a member of the Executive Leadership Council. Our Board benefits from Ms. Marshall's extensive leadership and business experience and her expertise with respect to human resources and culture. 
 
 77 

Paul A. Seid 
 
 Independent Director Age: 74 Director Since: 2014 Committees Served: Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 Since 2010, Mr. Seid has served on the board of directors of BioVentrix, a medical device company. Starting in 2013, he has served as Chief Executive Officer of RST Automation, a maker of hospital robotic devices which was established 2004. For the past eighteen years he has been President of Strategic Data Marketing, a research and data collection company. He has also founded, bought and/ or sold over twenty companies in Asia, Europe, North, and South America. Mr. Seid graduated from Queen s College, a division of the City University of New York, in 1968 with a Bachelor s degree in Political Science. Mr. Seid has held numerous other board of directors and consulting positions. Our Board benefits from Mr. Seid's extensive experience growing diverse businesses. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 Our Board appoints our executive officers and updates the executive officer positions as needed throughout the fiscal year. Each executive officer serves at the behest of our Board and until their successors are appointed, or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Name Age Position Beth Garvey 57 Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Hollenbach 67 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Beth Garvey began serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in October 2018. Ms. Garvey previously served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from August 2016 and joined the Company through the Company's acquisition of substantially all of the assets of InStaff Holding Corporation and InStaff Personnel, LLC InStaff in 2013. Ms. Garvey started at InStaff in 1998 as Director of Human Resources, subsequently serving as Director of Operations, VP of Operations, Senior VP of Operations, COO and ultimately CEO prior to our acquisition. The Staffing Industry Analysts has recognized her as one of North America Staffing 100 for the previous 2 years and included her in the Global Power 150 Women in Staffing list for the past 3 years. In addition, D CEO has named Garvey as one of the top Dallas 500 Business Leaders 4 times. In 2010, Ms. Garvey was a Dallas Business Journal Women in Business honoree recognizing outstanding local women business leaders who not only make a difference in their industries, but also in their communities. Beth currently serves on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Corporate Directors in North Texas, Junior Achievement of Dallas, and the Board of Directors of the Dallas Regional Chamber, where she is a member of the DEI Diversity Leadership Sub-Council, prior co-chair of the Talent Attraction committee. She is a past chair of the Executive Committee for the Dallas Executive Women s Roundtable. She is a member of YTexas and founding Board Member of the YTexas Foundation an initiative of Texas CEOs to help advance workforce development initiatives for students and veterans in the State of Texas. In addition, she is a member of the Leadership Committee for the Dallas 50/50 Women on Boards. Ms. Garvey was named as a finalist in the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2020 Award for the Southwest region. 
 
 Dan Hollenbach joined as CFO and Secretary in August 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hollenbach was the CFO of Cybergy Holdings, Inc. (OTC: CYBG), an advisory service and products company for the federal and state governments, and commercial client partners, from May 2014 to August 2015. Prior to this position, he led the consulting practice for Robert Half Management Resources in Colorado from June 2010 to May 2014. From August 2004 to July 2009, Dan was the CFO for Global Employment Holdings (OTC: GEYH), a national workforce solution, consulting, and professional employer organization company. Mr. Hollenbach began his career in the Audit and Assurance Services practice of EY before entering the corporate world. He has over three decades of experience in corporate accounting and finance, including expertise in initial public offerings, SEC reporting, mergers and acquisitions, Sarbanes-Oxley, treasury management, process improvement, and all phases of audit, tax, and reporting. Additionally, he has served on audit committees and led negotiations of multiple senior debt restructurings. He is a CPA in the State of Texas, holds a Chartered Global Management Accountant certification, and received his B.B.A. in accounting from Texas Tech University. 
 78 

Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our team members, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer (who is our principal accounting officer). Our Code of Ethics is available on our home office website, under the investor relations tab at www.bgsf.com. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more of the provisions of our Code of Ethics, we intend to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Item 8-K regarding the disclosure of amendments to or waivers from provisions of our Code of Ethics that apply to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers by posting the required information on our home office website at the above address. Our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 
 The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines on a number of significant matters, including director qualifications, director responsibilities, board committees, director access to officers, employees, and advisors, director compensation, related party transactions, annual performance evaluations, and chief executive officer and director succession. A copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines is posted on our home office website, under the investor relations tab at www.bgsf.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Based on a review of reports filed by our directors, executive officers, and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our shares of common stock pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other information available to us, we believe that all such ownership reports required to be filed by those reporting persons during and with respect to Fiscal 2022 were timely made. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Named Executive Officers 
 
 Our named executive officers for Fiscal 2022 are: 
 
 Beth Garvey, our Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; and 
 
 Dan Hollenbach, our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Throughout this section, the term named executive officer is intended to refer to the individuals identified above. During 
 Fiscal 2022, we had only two named executive officers, each of whom is set forth above. 

79 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table presents compensation information for our named executive officers with respect to Fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) ) 
 Option Awards ) ) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 Beth Garvey C hair, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 425,000 297,500 79,598 203,268 15,521 (1) 1,020,887 2021 425,000 188,388 28,922 102,816 14,857 (1) 759,983 Dan Hollenbach Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 2022 320,000 224,000 64,898 109,525 10,800 (1) 729,223 2021 320,000 146,388 33,373 82,648 10,400 (1) 592,809 
 ) The amounts reflect the dollar amounts recognized for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 16 Share-based Compensation to the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (1) Represents the matching 401(k) contributions made by us. 
 
 Agreements with Executive Officers 
 
 Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 On October 1, 2018, we amended a 2016 employment agreement with Beth Garvey pursuant to which Ms. Garvey serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer through September 30, 2021. The agreement remains in effect under successive one-year extensions unless terminated pursuant its terms. Ms. Garvey's annual compensation is evaluated annually, but may not be less than 350,000 per year. Effective December 27, 2020, Ms. Garvey's annual salary was raised to 425,000. 
 
 Ms. Garvey is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus based on achieving certain adjusted EBITDA levels (as defined by the Compensation Committee) and, except as stated in her employment agreement, provided that Ms. Garvey is in our employment on the last day of the fiscal year. Moreover, if certain acquisitions occur during her employment period, Ms. Garvey will receive a bonus equal to 1 of the acquired company s adjusted EBITDA, as determined by the Board, for the first 12 months after the acquisition s closing date. The Compensation Committee may also grant discretionary bonuses. 
 
 In the event that Ms. Garvey s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Ms. Garvey for good reason, Ms. Garvey will receive as severance installments equal to twelve months of base salary plus COBRA premiums for eighteen months for Ms. Garvey and her dependents. In the event that Ms. Garvey s employment is terminated without cause or for good reason within one year of a change in control, Ms. Garvey will receive her base salary and COBRA premiums for eighteen months for her and her dependents. Ms. Garvey will also generally be entitled to receive any bonus payable but unpaid, payment for unused vacation days, and unpaid reimbursements. The severance is contingent upon Ms. Garvey s execution of a separation agreement including a general release. In the event that Ms. Garvey s employment is terminated by us for cause, or by Ms. Garvey other than for good reason, we will pay to Ms. Garvey any monthly salary, bonus, unused vacation, and expense reimbursements, earned or due to Ms. Garvey but unpaid. 
 
 We and Ms. Garvey have also entered into a confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-interference and non-competition agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Garvey generally agrees not to disclose our confidential information (as defined in the agreement) and, for a period of eighteen months following her termination, not to solicit our client partners, interfere with our client partner and supplier relationships, or solicit our team members. Ms. Garvey also agrees not to compete with us for a period of twelve months after termination. 
 
 Ms. Garvey was granted stock options and restricted stock in Fiscal 2022 as further described under Outstanding Equity Awards below. 

80 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 On October 1, 2018, we amended a 2015 employment agreement with Dan Hollenbach pursuant to which Mr. Hollenbach serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary through September 30, 2021. The contract remains in effect under successive one-year extensions unless terminated pursuant to its terms. Mr. Hollenbach's annual compensation is evaluated annually, but may not be less than 275,000 per year. Effective December 27, 2020, Mr. Hollenbach's annual salary was raised to 320,000. 
 
 On March 3, 2023, Dan Hollenbach resigned as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company and its subsidiaries, effective March 20, 2023, and will then act as a senior advisor with BGSF through April 30, 2024.Mr. Hollenbach s resignation was part of the Company s leadership succession plan and Mr. Hollenbach s planned retirement. 
 
 On March 3, 2023, the Company and BG Staff Services, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Amended Executive Employment Agreement (the Amended Employment Agreement with Mr.Hollenbach. The Amended Employment Agreement remains in effect through April 30, 2024, unless extended by mutual agreement or terminated pursuant to its terms. 
 
 Mr. Hollenbach is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus based on achieving certain adjusted EBITDA levels (as defined by the Compensation Committee) and, except as stated in his employment agreement, provided that Mr. Hollenbach is in our employment on the last day of the fiscal year. Moreover, if certain acquisitions occur during his employment period, Mr. Hollenbach will receive a bonus equal to 1 of the acquired company s adjusted EBITDA, as determined by the Board, for the first 12 months after the acquisition s closing date. The Compensation Committee may also grant discretionary bonuses. 
 
 In the event that Mr. Hollenbach s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Hollenbach for good reason, Mr. Hollenbach will receive as severance installments equal to twelve months of base salary plus COBRA premiums for eighteen months for Mr. Hollenbach and his dependents. In the event that Mr. Hollenbach s employment is terminated without cause or for good reason within one year of a change in control, Mr. Hollenbach will receive his base salary and COBRA premiums for eighteen months for him and his dependents. Mr. Hollenbach will also generally be entitled to receive any bonus payable but unpaid, payment for unused vacation days, and unpaid reimbursements. The severance is contingent upon Mr. Hollenbach s execution of a separation agreement including a general release. In the event that Mr. Hollenbach s employment is terminated by us for cause, or by Mr. Hollenbach other than for good reason, we will pay to Mr. Hollenbach any monthly salary, bonus, unused vacation, and expense reimbursements, earned or due to Mr. Hollenbach but unpaid. 
 
 We and Mr. Hollenbach have also entered into a confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-interference and non-competition agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Hollenbach generally agrees not to disclose our confidential information (as defined in the agreement) and, for a period of eighteen months following his termination, not to solicit our client partners, interfere with our client partner and supplier relationships, or solicit our team members. Mr. Hollenbach also agrees not to compete with us for a period of twelve months after termination. 
 
 Mr. Hollenbach was granted stock options and restricted stock in Fiscal 2022 as further described under Outstanding Equity Awards below. 
 
 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 In December 2013, the Board adopted the original 2013 Plan. Under the original 2013 Plan team members, directors and consultants of the Company may receive incentive stock options and other awards. To the extent any option or award expires unexercised or is canceled, terminated or forfeited in any manner without the issuance of common stock thereunder, such shares shall again be available for issuance under the original 2013 Plan, of which 1,012,967 shares remain available for issuance as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 The term of each option is determined by the Board but cannot exceed 10 years. Unless otherwise specified in an option agreement, options vest and become exercisable on the following schedule: 20 immediately and 20 on each anniversary date of the grant date. Each option shall be designated as an incentive stock option ISO or a non-qualified option NQO ). The exercise price of an ISO shall not be less than the fair market value of the stock covered by the ISO at the grant date; provided, however, the exercise price of an ISO granted to any person who owns, directly or indirectly, stock of the Company constituting more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company or of any affiliate of the Company, shall not be less than 110 of such fair market value. 
 
 81 

For more details on our 2013 Plan, see our registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-193014) filed on December 20, 2013, Form S-8 (File No. 333-218869) filed on June 20, 2017, Form S-8 (File No. 333-251192) filed on December 8, 2020, and Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2020 ESPP 
 
 In November 2020, the Board adopted and the shareholders approved the 2020 ESPP. Under the 2020 ESPP, eligible team members of the Company may elect for payroll deductions to purchase shares on each purchase date during an offering period. A total of 250,000 shares of common stock of BGSF, Inc. were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2020 ESPP. As of January 1, 2023, 158,718 shares remain available for issuance. 
 
 For more details on our 2020 Plan, see our registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-251193) filed on December 8, 2020, and Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

82 

Outstanding Equity Awards 
 
 The following table presents outstanding equity awards as of January 1, 2023. 
 Name Option Awards Stock Awards Grant date Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) Option exercise price ) Option expiration date Number of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested ) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) Beth Garvey 08/03/2022 23,872 (1) 12.87 08/03/2032 08/03/2022 10,000 16,128 (2) 12.87 08/03/2032 05/04/2022 2,821 (8) 37,491 08/04/2021 6,000 (3) 11.57 08/04/2031 08/04/2021 4,000 11.57 48,064 08/04/2021 10,000 (9) 140,100 08/04/2020 3,600 9.72 08/04/2030 08/04/2020 2,400 (4) 9.72 08/04/2030 09/24/2018 6,148 25.71 09/24/2028 09/24/2018 93,852 25.71 09/24/2028 06/07/2017 2,500 16.76 06/07/2027 06/07/2017 10,000 16.76 06/07/2027 08/16/2016 13,185 17.46 08/16/2026 08/16/2016 36,815 17.46 08/16/2026 06/09/2015 20,000 11.00 06/09/2025 Dan Hollenbach 08/03/2022 2,000 12.87 08/03/2032 08/03/2022 8,000 (5) 12.87 08/03/2032 05/04/2022 2,821 (8) 37,491 08/04/2021 3,000 (6) 11.57 08/04/2031 08/04/2021 2,000 11.57 08/04/2031 08/04/2021 7,500 (10) 105,075 08/04/2020 2,700 9.72 08/04/2030 08/04/2020 1,800 (7) 9.72 08/04/2030 09/24/2018 8,408 25.71 09/24/2028 09/24/2018 66,592 25.71 09/24/2028 06/07/2017 5,000 16.76 06/07/2027 06/07/2017 7,500 16.76 06/07/2027 10/27/2015 17,012 11.07 10/27/2025 10/27/2015 19,835 11.07 10/27/2025 
 (1) Incentive stock options will vest 5,065 on August 3, 2023, 5,065, on August 3, 2024, 5,972 on August 3, 2025, and 7,770 on August 2026. 
 (2) Non-qualified stock options will vest 4,935 on August 3,2023, 4,935 on August 3, 2024, 4,028 on August 3, 2025, and 2,230 on August 2, 2026. 
 (3) Incentive stock options will vest 2,000 on August 4, 2023, 2,000 on August 4,2024, and 2,000 on August 4, 2025. 
 (4) Non-qualified stock options will vest 1,200 on August 4, 2023, and 1,200 on August 4, 2024. 
 (5) Incentive stock options will vest 2,000 on August 3, 2023, 2,000 on August 3, 2024, 2,000 on August 3, 2025, and 2,000 August 3, 2026. 
 (6) Incentive stock options will vest 1,000 on August 4, 2023, 1,000 on August 4,2024, and 1,000 on August 4,2025. 
 (7) Non-qualified stock options will vest 900 on August 4, 2023, and 900 on August 4, 2024. 
 (8) Shares will vest 941 on May 4, 2023, 940 on May 4, 2024, and 940 on May 4, 2025. 
 (9) Shares will vest 5,000 on August 10, 2023, and 5,000 on August 10, 2024. 
 (10) Shares will vest 3,750 on August 10, 2023, and 3,750 on August 10, 2024. 
 
 Each option and stock award is subject to the condition that the optionee will have remained employed by the Company, or any one or more of its subsidiaries, through such vesting dates, and each option is further subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2013 Plan and in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 83 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 No member of our Compensation Committee is a current or former officer or team member of BGSF, Inc. or its subsidiaries. No executive officer of BGSF, Inc. served as a director or member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board or Compensation Committee. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 Set forth below is a summary of the components of compensation payable to our non-management directors. 
 
 Cash Compensation 
 
 We reimburse each member of our Board for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at meetings of our Board and any committees thereof, including, without limitation, reasonable travel, lodging and meal expenses. Each director who is not a team member or officer of the Company is entitled to (i) an annual retainer of 45,000 for their service on our Board, and (ii) an annual retainer of 5,000 for audit committee service. 
 Name Board Member ) Audit Committee ) Compensation Committee ) Nominating Governance Committee ) Chairperson of the Board ) Total ) C. David Allen, Jr. 45,000 5,000 50,000 Richard L. Baum, Jr. 45,000 5,000 50,000 Douglas E. Hailey 45,000 5,000 50,000 Cynthia Marshall 45,000 45,000 Paul A. Seid 45,000 45,000 

Director Compensation for Fiscal 2022 
 
 The table below sets forth the compensation payable to our non-management directors for service during Fiscal 2022. 
 Name Fees earned or paid in cash ) Stock awards ) ) 
 Option awards ) ) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other compensation ) Total ) C. David Allen, Jr. 50,000 45,667 9,355 105,022 Richard L. Baum, Jr. 50,000 45,667 5,700 101,367 Douglas E. Hailey 50,000 45,667 5,700 101,367 Cynthia Marshall 45,000 66,288 2,569 113,857 Paul A. Seid 45,000 45,667 5,700 96,367 
 The amounts reflect the dollar amounts recognized for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 16 Share-based Compensation to the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

84 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 13, 2023 by: 
 
 each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 
 
 each of our named executive officers and directors; and 
 
 all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Each stockholder s percentage ownership is based on 10,789,903 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 13, 2023. 
 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Except as otherwise indicated, each person or entity named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our capital shown as beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws. 
 
 The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a person includes shares that may be acquired by such person within 60 days of February 13, 2023 through the exercise of vested options, while these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth below, the address of the persons below is c/o BGSF, Inc., 5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730, Plano, Texas 75024. 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Shares of Common Beneficially Stock Owned Percent of Common Stock Beneficially Owned C. David Allen, Jr. 33,158 (1) 
 Richard L. Baum, Jr. 102,660 (2) 
 Beth Garvey 
 252,158 (3) 
 2.3 Douglas E. Hailey 162,127 (4) 
 1.5 Dan Hollenbach 154,659 (5) 
 Cynthia Marshall 17,408 (6) 
 Paul A. Seid 105,715 (7) 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (7 total) 827,885 7.4 North Star Investment Management Corporation (8) 
 593,023 (9) 
 5.5 
 Less than 1 . (1) Includes 5,428 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and 7,209 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (2) Includes 17,678 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options, 53,650 shares of common stock held by a private investment company controlled by Mr. Baum, 10,388 shares of common stock held by a family trust and 7,209 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (3) Includes 200,100 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and 12,821 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (4) Includes 29,176 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and 7,209 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (5) Includes 131,047 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and 10,321 shares of unvested restricted common stock. 
 (6) Includes 2,428 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and 7,209 shares of unvested restricted common stock. 
 (7) Includes 17,678 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and 7,209 shares of unvested restricted common stock. 
 (8) The address of North Star Investment Management Corporation is 20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 1416, Chicago, Illinois 60606. 
 (9) Based on schedule 13G filed with the SEC, includes 496,800 shares over which North Star Investment Management Corporation or its subsidiaries have sole voting power, 496,800 shares over which such entities have sole dispositive power, and 96,223 over which such entities have shared dispositive power. 

85 

Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Equity Compensation Plans in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Policy on Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons 
 Our Board is currently primarily responsible for developing and implementing processes and controls to obtain information from our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders regarding related-person transactions and then determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether we or a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in these transactions. Our Audit Committee is responsible for the review, approval and ratification of related-person transactions between us and any related person. Under SEC rules, a related person is a director, executive officer, nominee for director or beneficial holder of more than of 5 of any class of our voting securities or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing. In the course of its review and approval or ratification of a related-person transaction, the Audit Committee will consider: 
 the nature of the related person s interest in the transaction; 
 the material terms of the transaction, including the amount involved and type of transaction; 
 the importance of the transaction to the related person and to the Company; 
 whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders; and 
 any other matters the Audit Committee deems appropriate. 
 Any member of the Audit Committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not be able to participate in the deliberations or vote on the approval or ratification of the transaction. However, such a director may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the committee that considers the transaction. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves both audit and all permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, and accordingly, all services and fees in Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 provided by Whitley Penn LLP were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of services, other than services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, is compatible with maintaining Whitley Penn LLP s independence. The Audit Committee has determined that the rendering of non-audit services by Whitley Penn LLP during Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 was compatible with maintaining the firm s independence. 

86 

Aggregate fees billed or incurred related to the following years for professional services rendered by Whitley Penn LLP for Fiscal 2022 and 2021 are set forth below. 
 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 
 290,424 304,803 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 203,061 67,400 Tax Fees 
 All Other Fees 
 Total 
 493,485 372,203 
 (1) Audit fees consist principally of fees for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and Sarbanes-Oxley audit over internal controls and review of our interim consolidated financial statements. (2) These fees consist principally of fees related to the preparation of SEC registration statements, acquisition due diligence, audit services related to our acquisitions, and U.S. Department of Labor filings. 
 
 Selection 
 
 The Audit Committee appointed Whitley Penn LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2023 fiscal year and Whitley Penn LLP has served in this capacity since 2013. Our Board has further directed that we submit the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm for ratification by our shareholders at the 2023 annual meeting. 

87 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are contained in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated: 
 Page Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of BGSF, Inc. As of and for the Fiscal Years Ended January 1, 2023, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 39 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 45 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 See the list of exhibits in the Index to Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 88 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 15, 2023. 
 
 BGSF, INC. By: /s/ Beth Garvey Name: Beth Garvey Title: Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 15, 2023. 
 
 /s/ Beth Garvey Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer Beth Garvey (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Dan Hollenbach Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Dan Hollenbach (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ C. David Allen, Jr. Director C. David Allen, Jr. /s/ Richard L. Baum, Jr. Director Richard L. Baum, Jr. /s/ Douglas E. Hailey Director Douglas E. Hailey /s/ Cynthia Marshall Director Cynthia Marshall /s/ Paul A. Seid Director Paul A. Seid 

89 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2019, between BG Staffing, Inc., BG Staffing, LLC, L.J.Kushner Associates, L.L.C., and Lee J. Kushner (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2019) 
 2.2 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2020, by and between BG Staffing, LLC, EdgeRock Technology Holdings, Inc., and CDI Holding Company LLC (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020) 
 2.3 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2021, between BG Staffing, LLC, Momentum Solutionz LLC, Lorne Kaufman, and Jeff Servidio (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021) 
 2.4 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2022, between BGSF, Inc., Sentech Engineering Services, Inc., and Jobandtalent Holding Limited (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2022) 
 2.5 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2022, by and between BG Professional LLC, Horn Solutions, Inc., Horn Solutions Dallas, LLC , and Gary Horn (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1 4 , 2022) 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of BG Staffing, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191683) filed on November 4, 2013) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of BGSF, Inc. (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2021) 
 3.3 Bylaws of BG Staffing, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191683) filed on November 4, 2013) 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191683) filed on October 28, 2013) 
 4.2 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2020 
 10.1 
 BG Staffing, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on September 15, 2020) 
 10.2 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Vested Options) (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2014) 
 10.3 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2014) 
 10.4 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2014) 
 10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2014) 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2013, among LTN Acquisition, LLC, LTN Staffing, LLC, BG Staffing, LLC, BG Personnel Services, LP, BG Personnel, LP, and B G Staff Services Inc., and Legg Mason SBIC Mezzanine, L.P., Brookside Pecks Capital Partners, L.P. and Brookside Mezzanine Fund II, L.P. (incorporated by reference from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191683) filed on October 10, 2013) 
 10.7 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement and Other Documents, dated as of November 1, 2013, by and among LTN Acquisition, LLC, LTN Staffing, LLC, BG Staffing, LLC, BG Personnel Services, LP, BG Personnel, LP, and B G Staff Services Inc., and Legg Mason SBIC Mezzanine, L.P., Brookside Pecks Capital Partners, L.P. and Brookside Mezzanine Fund II, L.P. (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191683) filed on November 4, 2013) 
 
 90 

10.8 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement and Other Documents, dated as of January 29, 2014, by and among BG Staffing, Inc., BG Staffing, LLC, BG Personnel Services, LP, BG Personnel, LP, and B G Staff Services Inc., and Legg Mason SBIC Mezzanine, L.P., Brookside Pecks Capital Partners, L.P. and Brookside Mezzanine Fund II, L.P. (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2014) 
 10.10 
 Executive Employment Agreement, entered into January 26, 2016 to be effective as of December 28, 2015, between B G Staff Services, Inc. and L. Allen Baker, Jr. (incorporated by reference from registrant s Form 8-K filed February 1, 2016) 
 10.12 Stock Option Cancellation Agreement, dated May 31, 2018 (incorporated by reference from the registrant's Form 8-K filed June 5, 2018) 
 10.13 
 Executive Employment Agreement, entered into February 6, 2019 to be effective as of October 1, 2018, between B G Staff Services, Inc. and Beth Garvey (incorporated by reference from the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2019) 
 10.14 
 Executive Employment Agreement, entered into February 6, 2019 to be effective as of October 1, 2018, between B G Staff Services, Inc. and Dan Hollenbach (incorporated by reference from the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2019) 
 10.15 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference from the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2018 
 10.16 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2019, among BG Staffing, Inc., as borrower, the lenders from time to time party there to, and BMO Harris Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, letters of credit issuer, swing line lender, sole lead arranger, and sole book runner (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2019) 
 10.17 
 BG Staffing, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed on September 15, 2020) 
 10.18 First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2022, among BGSF, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and BMO Harris Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022) 
 10.19 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among BGSF, Inc., the Guarantors party hereto and BMO Harris Bank N.A. , as administrative agent for the Lenders and as a lender (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2022) 
 10.20 
 E xecutive Employment Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2023, between BG Staff Services, Inc. and John Barnett (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9 , 202 3 
 10.21 
 Amended Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2023, between BGSF, Inc., B G Staff Services, Inc. and Dan Hollenbach (incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9 , 202 3 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Whitley Penn LLP) 
 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer) 
 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer) 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 91 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101document) 
 
 Filed herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 92 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex2112022.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation BG Personnel, LP Texas BG Personnel LLC Delaware BGSF Professional, LLC Delaware B G Staff Services, Inc. Texas BG Finance and Accounting, Inc. Delaware BG California Finance & Accounting, Inc. Delaware BG California IT Staffing, Inc. Delaware BG California Multifamily Staffing, Inc. Delaware EdgeRock Technologies Holdings, Inc. Delaware EdgeRock Technologies, LLC Massachusetts BG Personnel of Texas, LLC Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex2312022.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-259971 on Form S-3, and No. 333-251192, No. 333-251193, No. 333-218869, and No. 333-193014 on Form S-8 of BGSF, Inc., of our reports dated March 15, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of BGSF, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BGSF, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023. 
 
 s Whitley Penn LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex3112022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Beth Garvey, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BGSF, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 s Beth Garvey Beth Garvey Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex3122022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Dan Hollenbach, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BGSF, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 s Dan Hollenbach Dan Hollenbach Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex3212022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 906 
 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BGSF, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of such officer s knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 s Beth Garvey Beth Garvey Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Dan Hollenbach Dan Hollenbach Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BGSF, Inc. and will be retained by BGSF, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bgsf-20230101.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bgsf-20230101_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bgsf-20230101_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bgsf-20230101_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bgsf-20230101_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

