<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_924168_0000924168-23-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9588332</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286312</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1609126</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3109987</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2376905</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2037901</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000924168-23-000035.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323081320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000924168-23-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENERGY FOCUS, INC/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				943021850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36583
		FILM NUMBER:		23754542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32000 AURORA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			SOLON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4407151300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32000 AURORA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			SOLON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIBERSTARS INC /CA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940527

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000924168-23-000035.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 efoi-20221231.htm
 10-K

efoi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission file number 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: . 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Company was approximately million as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the Company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, when the last reported sales price was 1.30 per share. 
 Number of the registrant s shares of common stock outstanding as of March 17, 2023: . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Page ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 12 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 25 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 25 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 25 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 25 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 26 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 26 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 27 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 39 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 40 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 78 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 78 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 78 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 78 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 79 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 79 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 79 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 79 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 79 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 79 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 82 
 SIGNATURES 83 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to Energy Focus, we, us, our, our company, or the Company refer to Energy Focus, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiary for the applicable periods, considered as a single enterprise. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report includes statements that express our opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, feels, seeks, forecasts, projects, intends, plans, may, will, should, could or would or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies, capital expenditures, and the industry in which we operate. 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Although we base these forward-looking statements on assumptions that we believe are reasonable when made in light of the information currently available to us, we caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and industry developments may differ materially from statements made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and industry developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
 We believe that important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties outlined under Risk Factors under Item 1A of this Annual Report and other matters described in this Annual Report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC generally. Some of these factors include: 
 our need for and ability to obtain additional financing in the near term, on acceptable terms or at all, to continue our operations; 
 our ability to regain and maintain compliance with the continued listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq 
 our ability to refinance or extend maturing debt on acceptable terms or at all; 
 our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time; 
 our ability to realize synergies with our strategic investor; 
 instability in the U.S. and global economies and business interruptions experienced by us, our customers and our suppliers, particularly in light of supply chain constraints and other long-term impacts of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the competitiveness and market acceptance of our light-emitting diode LED lighting and control technologies and products; 
 our ability to compete effectively against companies with lower prices or cost structures, greater resources, or more rapid development capabilities, and new competitors in our target markets; 
 our ability to extend our product portfolio into new end markets, including consumer products; 
 our ability to increase demand in our targeted markets and to manage sales cycles that are difficult to predict and may span several quarters; 
 the timing of large customer orders, significant expenses and fluctuations between demand and capacity as we manage inventory and invest in growth opportunities; 
 our ability to successfully scale our network of sales representatives, agents, distributors and other channel partners to compete with the sales reach of larger, established competitors; 
 our ability to implement plans to increase sales and control expenses; 
 our reliance on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and our ability to maintain or grow such sales levels; 
 our ability to add new customers to reduce customer concentration; 
 our ability to attract and retain a new chief financial officer; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

our ability to manage the size of our workforce while continuing to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel, and to do so in a timely manner; 
 our ability to diversify our reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers and development partners, our ability to manage third-party product development and obtain critical components and finished products on acceptable terms and of acceptable quality despite ongoing global supply chain challenges, and the impact of our fluctuating demand on the stability of such suppliers; 
 our ability to timely, efficiently and cost-effectively transport products from our third-party suppliers by ocean marine and other logistics channels despite global supply chain and logistics disruptions; 
 the impact of any type of legal inquiry, claim or dispute; 
 the macro-economic conditions, including rising interest rates and recessionary trends, in the United States and in other markets in which we operate or secure products, which could affect our ability to obtain raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor, and sourced finished goods in a timely and cost-effective manner; 
 our dependence on military maritime customers and on the levels and timing of government funding available to such customers, as well as the funding resources of our other customers in the public sector and commercial markets; 
 business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions such as war and terrorism, natural disasters, including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, or from health epidemics or pandemics or other contagious outbreaks; 
 our ability to respond to new lighting and control technologies and market trends; 
 our ability to fulfill our warranty obligations with safe and reliable products; 
 any delays we may encounter in making new products available or fulfilling customer specifications; 
 any flaws or defects in our products or in the manner in which they are used or installed; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and other confidential information, and manage infringement claims by others; 
 our compliance with government contracting laws and regulations, through both direct and indirect sale channels, as well as other laws, such as those relating to the environment and health and safety; 
 risks inherent in international markets, such as economic and political uncertainty, changing regulatory and tax requirements and currency fluctuations, including tariffs and other potential barriers to international trade; and 
 our ability to maintain effective internal controls and otherwise comply with our obligations as a public company. 
 
 In light of the foregoing, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Annual Report speaks only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or to publicly announce the results of any revision to any of those statements to reflect future events or developments, except as required by law. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless specifically expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. Furthermore, new risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. 
 Energy Focus , Intellitube , Redcap , and EnFocus are our registered trademarks. We may also refer to trademarks of other corporations and organizations in this document. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Energy Focus, Inc. engages primarily in the design, development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of energy-efficient lighting systems and controls. We develop, market and sell high quality light-emitting diode LED lighting and controls products in the commercial market and military maritime market MMM ), and expanded our offerings into the consumer market in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our mission is to enable our customers to run their facilities, offices and homes with greater energy efficiency, productivity, and human health and wellness through advanced LED retrofit solutions. Our goal is to be the human wellness lighting and LED lighting technology and market leader for the most demanding applications where performance, quality, value, environmental impact and health are considered paramount. We specialize in LED lighting retrofit by replacing fluorescent, high-intensity discharge HID lighting and other types of lamps in institutional buildings for primarily indoor lighting applications with our innovative, high-quality commercial and military-grade tubular LED TLED products, as well as other LED and lighting control products for commercial and consumer applications. In late 2020, we announced the launch of ultraviolet-C light disinfection UVCD products. After evaluating market demand and supply chain challenges for our UVCD products, we revised our business strategy to primarily focus on LED lighting and controls products for our MMM and commercial and industrial lighting and control products. We are also evaluating adjacent technologies including Gallium Nitride GaN based power supplies and opportunities for energy solutions products that support sustainability in our existing channels. 
 
 In 2022, we recommitted to building upon the transformation activities started during 2019 and 2020 that sought to stabilize and regrow our business. These efforts include the following key developments that occurred during 2022: 
 We hired a permanent Chief Executive Officer in September 2022, following a period of interim leadership by our Lead Independent Director after the departure of our previous Chief Executive Officer in February 2022 and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer in May 2022. 
 We continued development of the second generation of EnFocus powerline control switches and circadian lighting system for commercial markets, which as a result of supply chain challenges we now plan to launch in 2023. EnFocus powerline control enables buildings to have dimmable, color tunable and circadian-ready lighting using existing wiring, without requiring laying additional cables or any wireless communication systems, through a relatively simple upgrade with EnFocus switches and EnFocus LED lamps. This upgrade offers a simpler, more secure, affordable and environmentally sustainable solution compared with replacing entire luminaire fixtures and incorporating additional wired or wireless communication. 
 We reinvested in our MMM sales channel with a strategic hire in the second quarter of 2022 and are pursuing existing and new sales opportunities, though the sales cycles for what are frequently made-to-order products are longer than commercial offerings. 
 Beginning in July 2022, we reduced our warehouse square footage, and undertook an inventory reduction project throughout 2022 focused on reducing our highly reserved commercial finished good inventory. 
 The Company has aggressively re-evaluated operating expenses, and reduced our workforce significantly throughout the year to manage fixed costs. 
 We continued to seek additional external funding alternatives and sources to support our growth strategies, plans and initiatives: 
 In April 2022, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC Streeterville pursuant to which we sold and issued to Streeterville a promissory note in the principal amount of approximately 2.0 million, with net proceeds of approximately 1.8 million. 
 In June 2022, we completed a private placement (the June 2022 Private Placement with certain institutional investors pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell (i) 1,313,462 shares of our common stock, (ii) pre-funded warrants June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 1,378,848 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share and (iii) warrants (the June 2022 Warrants, and collectively with the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants, the June 2022 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,692,310 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.30 per share. Net proceeds from the June 2022 Private Placement were approximately 3.2 million. 
 From September 2022 to December 2022, we secured short-term unsecured bridge financing of 800 thousand from a member of our board of directors (the Board of Directors and an aggregate of 650 thousand of short-term unsecured bridge financing from private parties, all of which was converted into equity in January 2023 at the time of a strategic investment by Sander Electronics. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

In October 2022 and December 2022, we repaid a previously outstanding promissory note with Streeterville by exchanging an aggregate of the approximately 330 thousand amount outstanding for common stock priced at-the-market. 
 During January 2023, we sold an aggregate of 250 thousand of common stock to a member of our Board of Directors in private placements at fair market value, and also converted the approximately 809 thousand amount outstanding on previously issued short term promissory notes issued to that director as discussed above at fair market value. 
 In January 2023, we sold an aggregate of 2.7 million of common stock to certain purchasers associated with Sander Electronics, Inc., including conversion of the approximately 609 thousand amount outstanding on previously outstanding short-term promissory notes as discussed above, priced at-the-market. 
 In January 2023, we amended our inventory lending facility with Crossroads Financial Group, LLC (the Inventory Facility ), reducing the maximum availability to 500 thousand, reducing monthly fees and paying down an aggregate of 1 million in January and February 2023. 
 In January 2023, we amended the terms of our outstanding promissory note with Streeterville, agreeing to make 750 thousand in payments in 2023 and deferring other payments until 2024. 
 In February 2023, we agreed to terminate our accounts receivable lending facility with Factors Southwest L.L.C. (d/b/a FSW Funding) (the Receivables Facility and, together with the Inventory Facility, the Credit Facilities ), reducing our monthly borrowing costs. 
 In February 2023, we sold an aggregate of 400 thousand of common stock to a member of our Board of Directors in a private placement at fair market value. 
 
 During 2022, we continued to broaden our product distribution network by engaging with new lighting agencies and energy service companies ESCOs ). We also redoubled our efforts from 2020 and 2021 to streamline our operations by closely managing all spending done throughout the Company, while investing in new products and strategies that sought to reenergize sales. 
 Throughout 2022, due to lingering economic and building occupancy impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced continuing weakness in commercial sales as our customers in the healthcare, education, and commercial and industrial sectors put lighting retrofit projects on hold or delayed order placements. We continue to monitor the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers, suppliers and logistics providers, and to evaluate governmental pandemic response. Although the significance and duration of the ongoing impact on our customers and us is still uncertain, and the specific timing of business recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is still difficult to predict, we remain optimistic that facility capital budgets will start unfreezing, commercial building occupancy will rise, and our growth efforts will further impact our financial performance in a positive way. 
 We will seek to remain agile as an organization to respond to potential or continuing weakness in the macroeconomic environment and in the meantime seek to expand sales channels and enter new markets that we believe will provide additional growth opportunities. We plan to achieve profitability through developing and launching new, innovative products, such as our EnFocus TM powerline control systems, our Redcap emergency battery backup tubular LEDs, evaluating new growth opportunities such as GaN-based power supply circuitry and other energy solution products, as well as executing on our multi-channel sales strategy that targets key verticals, such as government, healthcare, education and commercial and industrial, complemented by our marketing outreach campaigns and expanding channel partnerships. We also plan to continue to develop advanced lighting and lighting control applications built upon the EnFocus TM platform that aim to serve the commercial markets. In addition, we intend to continue to apply rigorous financial discipline in our organizational structure, decision-making, business processes and policies, strategic sourcing activities and supply chain practices to help accelerate our path towards profitability. 
 Our Industry 
 We develop advanced LED lighting and controls retrofit technologies solutions that enable our customers to run their facilities with greater energy efficiency, productivity and human wellness. We aim to be the human wellness lighting and LED technology market leader by providing high-quality, energy-efficient, flicker-free, long-life LED lamps and retrofit products, as well as lighting controls, to replace existing linear fluorescent, incandescent, HID lamps and fixtures. 
 We believe these applications represent a significant portion of the LED lighting market and energy savings potential for our targeted commercial, industrial and MMM markets. 
 LED lighting, and particularly LED retrofit of fluorescent and incandescent lights in existing buildings, represents a large and growing market. A 2020 report issued by the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy DOE ), entitled Adoption of Light-Emitting Diodes in Common Lighting Applications, reports that from 2016 to 2018, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

installations of LED products have increased in all applications, increasing LED penetration to 30 of all general illumination lighting. In 2019, Navigant Research published a report that concluded that LED lighting had at least matched conventional lighting technologies on a range of features, including energy efficiency, lifetime, versatility and color quality, while becoming increasingly cost competitive. This same 2019 report forecasts that installed penetration of LED lamps and luminaires will increase dramatically through 2035, reaching about 84 . The increasing demand for LED lighting is being driven by energy and cost savings, environmental considerations and human health. 
 Energy consumption can be reduced by over 50 by replacing fluorescent tubes with LED tubes and by another 20-30 (70 to 80 in total) by utilizing smart lighting technologies, including dimmable TLEDs with ambient light and occupancy sensors. For this reason, building codes are increasingly requiring not only LEDs, but dimmable LEDs. Governments around the world are implementing regulations and standards that incentivize the use of LED lighting, both smart and conventional, to reduce energy consumption and, therefore, carbon dioxide emissions. Our new product research and development investments since 2019 have been focusing on advanced and smart lighting technologies to capitalize on these trends, and EnFocus represents such a control platform that we aim to expand in terms of functionalities, applications and intelligence, going forward. 
 There is also a growing awareness of the effects of both visible and non-visible light on human health and well-being. Energy Focus has been a leader in flicker-free technology and one of the first to obtain Underwriters Laboratories UL certification at less than 1 optical flicker. Flicker, which is the modulation of the intensity of LED light at the frequency of the power supply, is well known to cause headaches, eye strain, fatigue, mood triggers and other health issues as well as interfering with electronic equipment such as barcode scanners. Energy Focus is continually evaluating additional human wellness lighting and control solutions inspired by emerging health and wellness benefits. 
 Smart, or connected, lighting is disrupting the LED industry and providing new opportunities for growth. The DOE defines connected lighting as an LED-based lighting system with integrated sensors and controllers that are networked (either wired or wireless), enabling lighting products within the system to communicate with each other and transmit data. In addition to enabling the intensity and correlated color temperature CCT of lights to respond to ambient light, time of day and the activities of building occupants, connectivity enables building automation functions that extend well beyond lighting. The interference of blue light with human circadian rhythms is well known. This can be alleviated by circadian lighting, or controlled lighting that is able to change the intensity or CCT of the LEDs depending on the time of day in order to emulate natural light. Since lighting fixtures are ubiquitous throughout buildings, the lighting infrastructure is an ideal vehicle to retrofit these and other smart or connected lighting capabilities into existing buildings, and also to design these capabilities into new construction. 
 From the customer feedback we have been receiving, we believe that the overall smart lighting market is still largely underdeveloped due to the cost and complexity for installations of related technologies today in the marketplace, representing significant potential for solutions that could meet customer needs and could also be affordable, easy to install and secure. Much of this interest and demand has been muted from 2020 through 2022 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which we believe has primarily delayed, rather than reduced, our opportunity in the smart lighting marketplace. We believe our EnFocus lighting platform could effectively address the unmet needs for circadian and smart lighting, particularly for existing buildings that have limited economical options or IT expertise to implement otherwise complex lighting control systems. 
 While we believe the LED lighting and smart lighting market is large, growing and under-penetrated, it has also been characterized in recent years by intensifying competition, market leadership changes and aggressive pricing tactics on differentiated products. Our strategy to overcome these challenges is to develop advanced, impactful and customer-centric technologies and products, while also innovating on our core products to increase value and remain competitive. In addition, we focus on executing our multi-channel sales strategy combined with a growing sales representative network to drive effective and frequent communication with customers in order to better understand and serve their needs. By understanding the voice of the customer and by incorporating rapidly evolving technologies surrounding LED and smart lighting, we believe that we will continue to be able to develop solutions that better address customers needs with unique and novel product offerings, such as EnFocus , our dimmable and tunable lighting and control platform, that deliver substantial value to our customers and accelerate LED and smart lighting adoptions. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our Products 
 We design, develop, manufacture and market a wide variety of LED lighting technologies and solutions to serve our primary end user markets, including the following: 
 Commercial products to serve our targeted commercial markets: 
 RedCap emergency battery backup TLEDs; 
 EnFocus powerline lighting control platform including dimming DM and color tuning DCT 
 LED retrofit solutions for existing luminaires, including replacement TLEDs for linear fluorescent lamps, downlights, and retrofit kits for low-bay, high-bay and office applications; and 
 Industrial grade LED Dock lights. 
 
 MMM LED lighting products to serve the U.S. Navy and allied foreign navies: 
 Military-grade Intellitube retrofit TLED and the Invisitube ultra-low EMI TLED; and 
 Military-grade fixtures, including LED globe lights, berth lights; high-bay fixtures and LED retrofit kits. 
 Our LED products are more energy-efficient than traditional lighting products, such as fluorescent, incandescent and HID lamps, and we believe they can improve the overall sustainability profile of our customers by providing financial, environmental and human health benefits, including achieving significant long-term energy and maintenance cost savings, reducing carbon emission, substantially reducing retrofit waste and enhancing the health and productivity of building occupants. 
 The key features of our products are as follows: 
 Many of our products make use of proprietary or patented optical and electronics delivery systems that enable high efficiencies with superior lighting qualities, and proven records of extremely high product reliability; 
 Our products have exceptionally long life, with the majority of our TLED sales providing a 10-year warranty; 
 Our products have extremely low flicker, including our 500D series TLED products, which were the first in the lighting industry to be certified by UL as low optical flicker, less than 1 
 Most of our products meet the lighting efficiency standards mandated by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007; and 
 Most of our products qualify for federal and state tax and rebate incentives for commercial consumers available in certain states. 
 Our product development capabilities, which we believe provide a strategic competitive advantage, include the following: 
 A long research, engineering, and market developmental history, with broad and intimate understanding of lighting technologies and LED lighting applications; 
 Strong and lean team of experienced, cross-disciplinary engineers; 
 Concentration on developing and providing high-quality, price competitive LED lamps and related technologies to replace fluorescent and HID lamps and fixtures for commercial markets; 
 Providing high quality and high performing LED lighting products with a proven history of reliability; 
 Emphasis on proprietary and patent-pending technologies surrounding LED lighting; and 
 A deep understanding of LED lighting product applications in existing MMM, government, commercial and residential building markets. 
 As we seek to develop new LED lighting solutions, we expect to continue our investments in smart lighting and wellness lighting research and development, as well as channel partnerships. Lighting controls, including dimming, sensor and daylighting technologies, can yield significant energy savings and human health benefits. We believe that the controllability of LED technology and our ability and plan to integrate more occupancy sensing and other controls into our existing products will allow us to further differentiate our LED solutions and provide greater non-energy benefits to our customers. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our innovative technologies and high-quality performance associated with LED lighting require a continued focus on educating our channel partners as well as end-users regarding the benefits and unique value propositions of our technologies and products. Our primary target customers for our LED lighting and controls systems are enterprise end-users, as well as contractors or ESCOs that could incorporate our products into their projects. We also sell through lighting agencies that represent our products 
 7 

Table of Contents 

as a complement to our direct sales effort. We have in-house commercial sales personnel and external sales agencies representing Energy Focus products. We aim to continue to expand the coverage of our in-house sales team to eventually cover all geographic regions across the United States. Our MMM sales strategy leverages our brand and past performance and focuses on education about our products as well as ease of procurement. 
 We focus on industry verticals where the economic and non-economic benefits such as health and safety, as well as technical specifications, of our high-quality lighting product offerings are most compelling. Our LED lighting products fall into two broad market categories, commercial markets, which tend to focus on quality, efficacy, total cost of ownership and return on investment, and MMM which require more rigorous military specifications for durability and dependability. We also entered consumer markets during fiscal year 2021. We expect that our multi-channel sales strategy will continue to evolve and expand in the future. 
 With the introduction of our military-grade Intellitube product in 2011, which replaced two-foot fluorescent lamps on U.S. Navy ships, military sales have represented the majority of our overall sales. Since 2019, we have been focusing on improving the design of our MMM products to significantly reduce product costs while maintaining the required performance. These efforts helped offset some of the weakness experienced in our commercial business due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, though sales levels were challenged as the amounts and timing of military funding fluctuated. While we continue to aggressively pursue growth on the commercial side of our business due to its much larger potential and size, the MMM business does offer us the opportunity for continued sales, in addition to validating our product quality and strengthening our brand trust in the marketplace. During 2022, we reinvested in our military sales channel with a strategic hire of a U.S. Navy veteran who specializes in government sales. This has allowed us to better engage with the MMM and has presented us with the potential for expansion in military sales beyond the existing product portfolio. 
 We launched our first commercial LED lighting products in 2010. Since then, we have been building and expanding our commercial and industrial market presence where the economic and non-energy benefits and technical specifications of our high-quality lighting product offerings are compelling, particularly for mission-critical facilities in the enterprise verticals such as healthcare, eldercare, education and the commercial and industrial space. For example: 
 Given the 24/7 lighting requirements of hospital systems, we believe that our LED solutions offer the proven quality, performance, long lifetime, return on investment and low flicker lightning that is particularly attractive to this target market. Since 2015, we have been the primary LED lighting supplier and partner for a major northeast Ohio hospital system and, as a result of our continued success, we have been able to leverage this relationship to expand into more hospital systems across the country. 
 As we advocate for the benefits of low-flicker LED lighting in schools, both in terms of energy-efficiency and in creating a healthy and effective learning environment, we continue to receive orders to retrofit school districts, colleges and universities. 
 Low and high bay applications are generally used in commercial and industrial markets to provide light to large open areas like big-box retail stores, warehouses and manufacturing facilities. In the past few years, technological and cost improvements have allowed LED low and high bay applications to be more competitive, and we believe we have attractive product offerings in this space that enable energy and maintenance cost savings. 
 In addition to our direct and indirect sales force, we have also re-evaluated our own e-commerce websites. At our current scale, we have returned to our core sales channels to commercial and military customers, but will continue to evaluate additional channels from time-to-time. We believe that our renewed and continuing focus on multi-disciplinary technology innovation and engineering designs to both expand product features and benefits, while lowering product costs of ownership, will continue to enhance the overall competitiveness of our LED lighting and provide us with the strategic advantage and flexibility to expand our distribution channels. 
 Concentration of Sales 
 In 2022, two customers accounted for 27 of net sales, with sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy accounting for approximately 13 of net sales, and sales to a regional commercial lighting retrofit company accounting for approximately 14 of net sales. When sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy are combined with sales to shipbuilders for the U.S. Navy, total net sales of products for the U.S. Navy comprised approximately 30 of net sales for the same period. 
 In 2021, two customers accounted for 43 of net sales, with sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy accounting for approximately 30 of net sales, and sales to a regional commercial lighting retrofit company accounting for approximately 13 of net sales. When sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy are combined with sales to shipbuilders for the U.S. Navy, total net sales of products for the U.S. Navy comprised approximately 38 of net sales for the same period. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 Our LED lighting products compete against a variety of lighting products, including conventional light sources such as compact fluorescent lamps and HID lamps, as well as other TLEDs and integrated LED luminaire products. Our ability to compete depends substantially upon the superior performance, incremental benefits and lower total cost of ownership of our products. Principal competitors in our markets include large lamp manufacturers and lighting fixture companies based in the United States, as well as TLED and LED replacement fixture manufacturers mostly based in Asia, whose financial resources may substantially exceed ours and whose cost structure as a percentage of sales may be well below ours. These competitors may introduce new or improved products that may reduce or eliminate some of the competitive advantage of our products and may have substantially lower pricing. We anticipate that the competition for our products will also come from new technologies that offer increased energy efficiency, lower initial costs, lower maintenance costs, or advanced features. We compete with LED systems produced by large lighting companies such as Signify Lighting, Osram Sylvania and GE Lighting, as well as smaller manufacturers or distributors such as LED Smart, Revolution Lighting Technologies, Orion Energy Systems, and Keystone Technologies. Some of these competitors offer products with performance characteristics similar to those of our products. 
 Manufacturing and Suppliers 
 We produce our lighting products and systems through a combination of internal manufacturing and assembly at our Solon, Ohio facility, and sourced finished goods, manufactured to our specifications. Our internal lighting system manufacturing consists primarily of final assembly, testing, and quality control. We have worked with several vendors to design custom components to meet our specific needs. Our quality assurance program provides for testing of all sub-assemblies at key stages in the assembly process, as well as testing of finished products produced both internally and sourced through third parties. Additionally, we are 9001-2015 ISO certified. 
 Manufacturing costs are managed through the balance of internal production and outsourced production for certain parts and components, as well as finished goods in specific product lines, to a small number of vendors in various locations throughout the world, primarily in the United States, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China. In some cases, we rely upon a single supplier to source certain components, sub-assemblies, or finished goods. We continually attempt to improve our global supply chain practices to satisfy client demands in terms of quality and volumes, while controlling our costs and achieving targeted gross margins, and this includes the evaluation of additional outsourcing or further insourcing of internal production where cost, quality and performance can be maintained or improved. A 2021 DOE report entitled, 2020 LED Manufacturing Supply Chain , indicated that most of the world s LED lamp production and a significant portion of LED luminaire manufacturing takes place in China with virtually no LED lamp manufacturing taking place in the United States today. 
 Our supplier concentration is heavily focused within Asia. As a result of the continued macroeconomic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, throughout 2021 and 2022, we experienced global supply chain and logistics constraints that impacted our inventory purchasing strategy and increased our transportation costs, in continued efforts to manage both shortages of available components and longer lead times in obtaining components. 
 One offshore supplier accounted for approximately 16 of our total expenditures for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, this same offshore supplier accounted for approximately 36 of our trade accounts payable balance. 
 One offshore supplier accounted for approximately 29 of our total expenditures for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, this same offshore supplier accounted for approximately 60 of our trade accounts payable balance. 
 Product Development 
 Product development has been a key area of operating focus and competitive differentiation for us in designing and developing industry leading LED lighting. Gross product development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.5 million and 1.9 million, respectively. We believe that our customer-centric product development efforts represent a better leverage on our R D investments and aim to continue to focus on developmental projects that could produce more impactful and differentiated products and solutions in a more timely manner for faster customer adoption. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We have a policy of seeking to protect our intellectual property through patents, license agreements, trademark registrations, confidential disclosure agreements, and trade secrets as management deems appropriate. Certain of our patents are key to our current product lines. Additionally, we have various pending U.S. patent applications, and various pending Patent Cooperation 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Treaty patent applications filed with the World Intellectual Property Organization that serve as the basis for national patent filings in countries of interest. Our issued patents expire at various times through May 2040. Generally, the term of patent protection is twenty years from the earliest effective filing date of the patent application. There can be no assurance; however, that our issued patents are valid or that any patents applied for will be issued, and that our competitors or clients will not copy aspects of our lighting systems or obtain information that we regard as proprietary. There can also be no assurance that others will not independently develop products similar to ours. The laws of some foreign countries in which we manufacture, sell or may sell our products do not protect proprietary rights to products to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 
 Insurance 
 All of our properties and equipment are covered by insurance and we believe that such insurance is adequate. In addition, we maintain general liability, product recall and workers compensation insurance in amounts we believe to be consistent with our risk of loss and industry practice. 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues from direct and indirect sales to U.S., state, local and foreign governments and their respective agencies. Contracts with government customers are subject to various procurement laws and regulations, business prerequisites to qualify for such contracts, accounting procedures, intellectual property processes, and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance, which may provide for various rights and remedies in favor of the governments that are not typically applicable to or found in commercial contracts. 
 In addition, although not legally required to do so, we strive to obtain certification for substantially all our products. In the United States, we seek certification on substantially all of our products from UL , Intertek Testing Services ETL ), or DesignLights Consortium DLC ). Where appropriate in jurisdictions outside the United States, we seek to obtain other similar national or regional certifications for our products. Although we believe that our broad knowledge and experience with electrical codes and safety standards have facilitated certification approvals, we cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain any such certifications for our new products or that, if certification standards are amended, we will be able to maintain such certifications for our existing products. 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 20 full-time employees and 3 furloughed employees, all of whom were based in the United States, and no part-time employees. We had one temporary contractor at December 31, 2022. None of our employees or contractors are subject to collective bargaining agreements and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. We encourage and support the growth and development of our employees. Continual learning and career development is advanced through ongoing performance and development conversations with employees and reimbursement is available to employees from time to time for seminars, conferences, formal education, and other training events employees attend in connection with their job duties. 
 Our core values of accountability, trust, extraordinariness, fun, openness, integrity and kindness underscore everything we do and drive our day-to-day interactions. The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. Through teamwork and the adaptability of our management and staff during the COVID-19 pandemic, we embraced a flexible work environment with some of our corporate office employees effectively working from remote locations and others working both remotely and in the office on a hybrid basis. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our current and future employees. The principal purposes of our annual bonus plan and equity incentive plan are to attract, retain and motivate employees through the granting of long-term incentive compensation awards. 
 Business Segments 
 We currently operate in a single business segment that includes the marketing and sale of commercial and MMM lighting products and controls. Please refer to Note 12, Product and Geographic Information, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information. 
 Available Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 32000 Aurora Road, Suite B, Solon, Ohio 44139. Our telephone number is 440.715.1300. Our website address is www.energyfocus.com. We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. The information on our website is not a part of, nor is it incorporated by reference into this Annual 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Report on Form 10-K. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual proxy statement, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports at www.sec.gov . 
 11 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Associated with Our Business 
 The long-term impacts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have an adverse effect on our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have an unprecedented, long-term impact on the U.S. economy that continues to create significant business uncertainties. These uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the adverse effect of the pandemic on the economy, our supply chain partners, transportation and logistics providers, our employees and customers. As infection rates oscillate with new variants, widespread outbreaks, stay-at-home recommendations or mandates from federal, state and local authorities may recur, which may continue to affect our supply chain and our customer base. Continued impacts of the pandemic could materially adversely affect our near-term and long-term revenues, earnings, liquidity and cash flows, and may require significant actions in response, including, but not limited to, employee furloughs, workforce reductions, plant or other operational shut-downs, expense reductions or discounting of pricing of our products, all in an effort to mitigate such impacts. The extent of the ongoing impact of the pandemic on our business and financial results will depend largely on future developments, including the duration of the spread of the outbreak within the United States, the timing and success of vaccine programs, the impact on capital and financial markets and the related impact on consumer confidence and spending, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 If we are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel, our business and product development efforts could be harmed. 
 We are highly dependent on our senior management and other key personnel due to our very lean organizational structure. Our future success will depend on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate qualified executive, technical, sales, marketing, operating, financial and management personnel, for whom competition is very intense. As we attempt to sustain and re-grow our business, it could be especially difficult to attract, retain and adequately compensate qualified personnel, especially in light of our lean cost structure and the tightening of the labor market, which has led to increased competition for employees. The loss of, or failure to attract, hire, and retain any such persons could delay product development cycles, disrupt our operations, increase our costs, or otherwise harm our business or results of operations. We also do not maintain key person insurance policies on any of our officers or our other employees, nor have employment contracts. 
 We rely on equity and debt financing to operate our business and will require additional financing in the near term, which we may not be able to raise on favorable terms or at all, and our failure to obtain funding when needed may force us to delay, scale back or eliminate our business plan or even discontinue or curtail our operations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a net loss of 10.3 million and are dependent upon the availability of financing in order to continue our business. 
 In 2023 to date, financing activity to sustain ongoing losses has included transactions with a member of our Board of Directors as well as certain purchases associated with Sander Electronics, a strategic investor, converting approximately 1.5 million of outstanding bridge debt into common stock and also selling an aggregate of approximately 2.72 million in common stock. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, financing activity to sustain ongoing losses included converting approximately 303 thousand of outstanding bridge financing into common stock, the issue and sale of approximately 1.45 million of unsecured bridge financing from October to December 2022, the issue and sale of approximately 3.2 million of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock in June 2022, and the offer and sale of 2.0 million of unsecured bridge debt financing in April 2022. 
 
 In August, 2020, we entered into two Credit Facilities secured by our assets and are subject to customary affirmative and negative operating covenants and events of defaults that restrict indebtedness, liens, corporate transactions, dividends, and affiliate transactions, among others. The Receivables Facility capacity was 2.5 million, and the Inventory Facility capacity was initially 3.0 million and increased to 3.5 million in April 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately 0.1 million and had debt balances of 1.4 million and 1.0 million under the Inventory Facility and the Receivables Facility, respectively. In January 2023, we amended the Inventory Facility, reducing the maximum availability to 500 thousand, reducing monthly fees and paying down an aggregate of 1 million in January and February 2023. In February 2023, we agreed to terminate the Receivables Facility. As a result, our availability under the Credit Facilities has been significantly reduced, and there can be no assurance that these lending facilities will be renewed or replaced on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Even with access to borrowings under the Inventory Facility, we may not generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or be able to borrow sufficient funds to sustain our operations. As such, we will likely need additional external financing during 
 12 

Table of Contents 

2023 and will continue to review and pursue external funding sources including, but not limited to, the following: 
 obtaining financing from traditional or non-traditional investment capital organizations or individuals; 
 obtaining funding from the sale of our common stock or other equity or debt instruments; and 
 obtaining debt financing with lending terms that more closely match our business model and capital needs. 
 There can be no assurance that we will obtain funding on acceptable terms, in a timely fashion, or at all. Obtaining additional financing contains risks, including: 
 additional equity financing may not be available to us on satisfactory terms and any equity we are able to issue could lead to dilution for current stockholders and have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock; 
 loans or other debt instruments may have terms or conditions, such as interest rates, restrictive covenants and control or revocation provisions, which are not acceptable to management or our Board of Directors; and 
 the current environment in the capital markets combined with our capital constraints may prevent us from being able to obtain adequate debt financing. 
 If we fail to obtain the required additional financing to sustain our business before we are able to produce levels of revenue to meet our financial needs, we will need to delay, scale back or eliminate our business plan and further reduce our operating costs and headcount, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, and financial condition. A lack of additional financing could also result in our inability to continue as a going concern and force us to sell certain assets or discontinue or curtail our operations and, as a result, investors in the Company could lose their entire investment. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm s opinion on our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Annual Report, contains a modification relating to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm s opinion on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a modification stating that our losses and negative cash flows from operations and uncertainty in generating sufficient cash to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, Note 4 Restructuring , to our financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report includes disclosure describing the existence of conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 While we continue to pursue funding sources and transactions that could raise capital, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in these efforts or will be able to resolve our liquidity issues or eliminate our operating losses. If we are unable to generate enough cash or obtain sufficient additional funding, we would need to scale back or significantly adjust our business plan, further reduce our operating costs and headcount, or discontinue or curtail our operations. Accordingly, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our audited consolidated financial statements, and it is likely that investors will lose all or a part of their investment. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 We have a history of operating losses and will incur losses in the future as we continue our efforts to grow sales and streamline our operations at a profitable level. 
 We have incurred substantial losses in the past and reported net losses from operations of 10.3 million and 7.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 149.0 million and cash of approximately 0.1 million, compared to an accumulated deficit of 138.7 million and cash of approximately 2.7 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 In order for us to operate our business profitably, we need to grow our sales, maintain cost control discipline while balancing development of our product pipeline and potential long-term revenue growth, continue our efforts to reduce product cost, drive further operating efficiencies and develop and execute a strategic product pipeline for profitable and compelling MMM and LED lighting and control products. There is a risk that our strategy to return to profitability may not be as successful as we envision, or occur as quickly as we expect. We might require additional financing in the near-term and, if our operations do not achieve, or we experience an unanticipated delay in achieving, our intended level and pace of profitability, we will continue to need additional funding, none of which may be available on favorable terms or at all and could require us to sell certain assets or discontinue or curtail our operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

While we are attempting to diversify our customer base, we have historically derived a significant portion of our revenue from a few customers, and the loss of one of these customers, or a reduction in their demand for our products, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Historically our customer base has been highly concentrated and a few customers have represented a substantial portion of our net sales. In 2022, two customers accounted for 27 of net sales. Total sales to our primary distributor to the U.S. Navy combined with sales to shipbuilders for the U.S. Navy represented 30 of net sales in 2022. In 2021, two customers accounted for 43 of net sales. Total sales to our primary distributor to the U.S. Navy, and a primary shipbuilder for the U.S. Navy represented 38 of net sales in 2021. 
 We generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers that commit them to purchase any minimum amount of our products or require them to continue to do business with us. We could lose business from any one of our significant customers for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside of our control, including ongoing long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in levels of government funding and rebate programs, our inability to comply with government contracting laws and regulations, changes in customers procurement strategies or their lighting retrofit plans, changes in product specifications, additional competitors entering particular markets, our failure to keep pace with technological advances and cost reductions, and damage to our professional reputation, among others. 
 We are attempting to expand and diversify our customer base and reduce the dependence on one or a few customers, through the addition of sales representatives and other potential sales channels, but we cannot provide any assurance that our efforts will be successful. We anticipate that a limited number of customers could continue to comprise a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. If we continue to do business with our significant customers, our concentration can cause variability in our results because we cannot control the timing or amounts of their purchases. A significant customer could cease to do or drastically reduce its business with us with little or no notice, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows in particular periods. 
 Historically, we have experienced long sales-cycles, as well as slow ramp-up by new customers to purchase large amounts of LED products from us. Given the fiercely competitive lighting market in which we operate, we are constantly trying to balance pricing with the quality-premium our products command both in brand reputation and performance. As a result, adding new customers could generally be a slow process, and increasing new customers sales to more significant levels usually takes a long period of time. As we continue to develop more customer-centric new products such as EnFocus and GaN-based power supply circuitry, we hope to both add new customers more quickly and have our customers scale their purchasing levels more quickly. However, there is no guarantee of faster customer acceptance or performance of these new products or any other that has been or is being developed. 
 If critical components and finished products that we develop with and purchase from a small number of third-party development partners and suppliers become unavailable or increase in price, or if our development partners, suppliers or delivery channels fail to meet our requirements for quality, quantity, and timeliness, our revenue and reputation in the marketplace could be harmed, which would damage our busine ss. 
 In an effort to reduce research and development and manufacturing costs, we have outsourced the research, development and production of certain parts and components, as well as finished goods in our product lines, to a small number of vendors in various locations throughout the world, primarily in the United States, Malaysia, Taiwan and China. We generally purchase these sole or limited source items with purchase orders, and we have limited guaranteed supply arrangements with such suppliers. While we believe alternative sources for these components and products are available, we select suppliers based on their expected ability to provide quality products at a cost-effective price, to meet our specifications, and to deliver within scheduled time frames. We do not control the time and resources that these suppliers devote to our business, and we cannot be sure that these suppliers will perform their obligations to us. If our ability to manage third-party product development efforts are unsuccessful or our suppliers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, we may suffer lost or delayed sales, increased costs of goods sold, reductions in revenue or margin, and damage to our reputation in the market, all of which would adversely affect our business. As demand for our products fluctuates, which fluctuations can be hard to predict, we may not need a sustained level of inventory, which may cause financial hardship for our suppliers or they may need to divert production capacity elsewhere. In the past, we have had to purchase quantities of certain components that are critical to our product manufacturing and were in excess of our estimated near-term requirements as a result of supplier delivery constraints and concerns over component availability, and we may need to do so in the future. As a result, we have had, and may need to continue, to devote additional working capital to support a large amount of component and raw material inventory that may not be used over a reasonable period to produce saleable products, and we may be required to increase our excess and obsolete inventory reserves to provide for these excess quantities, particularly if demand for our products does not meet our expectations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

We may be vulnerable to unanticipated product development delays, price increases and payment term changes. Significant increases in the prices of sourced components and products and shipping costs, could cause our product prices to increase, which may reduce demand for our products or make us more susceptible to competition. Furthermore, in the event that we are unable to pass along increases in operating costs to our customers, margins and profitability may be adversely affected. Accordingly, the loss of all or one of these suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our operations until such time as an alternative supplier could be found. 
 Additionally, consolidation in the lighting industry could result in one or more current suppliers being acquired by a competitor, rendering us unable to continue purchasing key components and products at competitive prices. 
 We also may be subject to various import duties and tariffs applicable to materials manufactured in foreign countries and may be affected by various other import and export restrictions, as well as other considerations or developments impacting upon international trade, including economic or political instability, tariffs, shipping delays and product quotas. These international trade factors will, under certain circumstances, have an impact on the cost of components, which will have an impact on the cost to us of the manufactured product and the wholesale and retail prices of our products. 
 We rely on arrangements with independent shipping companies for the delivery of our products from vendors abroad. The failure or inability of these shipping companies to deliver products or the unavailability of shipping or port services, even temporarily, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may also be adversely affected by an increase in freight surcharges due to global logistics capacity constraints, rising fuel costs and added security costs. 
 If we are unable to implement plans to increase sales and control expenses to manage future growth effectively, our profitability goals and liquidity will be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to achieve our desired growth depends on the adoption of high quality LED lighting and controls within the general lighting market and our ability to affect and adapt to these rates of adoption. The pace of continued growth in these markets is uncertain, and in order to grow our sales, we may need to: 
 manage organizational complexity and ensure effective and timely communication; 
 expand the skills and capabilities of our current management, engineering and sales teams; 
 add experienced senior level managers; 
 attract, retain and adequately compensate qualified employees; 
 adequately maintain and adjust the operational and financial controls that support our business; 
 expand research and development, sales and marketing, technical support, distribution capabilities, manufacturing planning or administrative functions and capabilities; 
 maintain or establish additional manufacturing facilities and equipment, as well as secure sufficient third-party manufacturing resources, to adequately meet customer demand or lower manufacturing costs; and 
 manage an increasingly complex supply chain to maintain a sufficient supply of materials and deliver on time to our manufacturing facilities. 
 These efforts to grow our business, both in terms of size and in diversity of customer bases served, may put a significant strain on our resources. We have implemented comprehensive cost-saving initiatives to reduce our net loss and mitigate doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These initiatives have improved efficiency and streamlined our operations, but we continue to operate at a loss and may need additional funding or further cost-cutting to manage liquidity. 
 Our possible future growth may exceed our current capacity and require rapid expansion in certain functional areas. We may lack sufficient funding to appropriately expand or incur significant expenses as we attempt to scale our resources and make investments in our business that we believe are necessary to achieve short-term and long-term growth goals. Such investments take time to become fully operational, and we may not be able to expand quickly enough to exploit targeted market opportunities. In addition to our own manufacturing capacity, we are increasingly utilizing contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers ODMs to produce our products for us. There are also inherent execution risks in expanding product lines and production capacity, whether through our facilities or that of a third-party manufacturer, that could increase costs and reduce our operating results, including design and construction cost overruns, poor production process yields and reduced quality control. If we are unable to fund any necessary expansion or manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to adequately meet demand, our expenses could increase without a proportionate increase in revenue, our margins could decrease, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Our results of operations, financial condition and business could be harmed if we are unable to balance customer demand and capacity. 
 As our customer base and customer demand for our products changes and as we launch new products, we must be able to adjust our production capacity to meet demand. We are continually taking steps to address our manufacturing capacity needs for our products. If we are not able to increase or decrease our production capacity at our targeted rate or if there are unforeseen costs associated with adjusting our capacity levels or there are unanticipated interruptions in our global supply chain or logistics from such possibilities as long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, shifting workforces, geopolitical tension or energy policies, we may not be able to achieve our financial targets. In addition, as we introduce new products and further refine existing products, we must balance the production and inventory of prior generation products with the production and inventory of new products, whether manufactured by us or our contract manufacturers, to maintain a product mix that will satisfy customer demand and mitigate the risk of incurring cost write-downs on the previous generation products, related raw materials and tooling. 
 If customer demand does not materialize at the rate forecasted, we may not be able to scale back our manufacturing expenses or overhead costs to correspond to the demand. This could result in lower margins, write-downs of our inventory and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, our results may be adversely impacted due to higher costs resulting from lower factory utilization, causing higher fixed costs per unit produced. In addition, our efforts to improve quoted delivery lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter net sales and operating results. 
 If we are not able to compete effectively against companies with lower cost structures or greater resources, or new competitors who enter our target markets, our sales will be adversely affected. 
 The lighting industry is highly competitive. In the high-performance lighting markets in which we sell our advanced lighting systems, our products compete with lighting products utilizing traditional lighting technology provided by many vendors. Our higher quality and value advanced lighting and control systems also face competition from lower quality, commodity lighting products when customers may be overly purchase-price sensitive. For sales of MMM products, we compete with a small number of qualified military lighting lamp and fixture suppliers. In certain commercial applications, we typically compete with LED systems produced by large lighting companies. Our primary competitors include Signify, Osram Sylvania, LED Smart, Revolution Lighting Technologies, Orion Energy Systems, and Keystone Technologies. Some of these competitors offer products with performance characteristics similar to those of our products. Many of our competitors are larger, more established companies with greater resources to devote to research and development, manufacturing and marketing, as well as greater brand recognition. In addition, larger competitors who purchase greater unit volumes from component suppliers may be able to negotiate lower costs, thereby enabling them to offer lower pricing to end customers. Moreover, the relatively low barriers to entry into the lighting industry and the limited proprietary nature of many lighting products also permit new competitors to enter the industry easily and with lower costs. 
 In each of our markets, we also anticipate the possibility that LED component manufacturers, including those that currently supply us with LEDs, may seek to compete with us. Our competitors lighting technologies and products may be more readily accepted by customers than our products will be. Moreover, if one or more of our competitors or suppliers were to merge, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our competitive position. Additionally, to the extent that competition in our markets intensifies, we may be required to further reduce our prices in order to remain competitive. If we do not compete effectively, or if we reduce our prices without making commensurate reductions in our costs, our net sales, margins, and profitability and our future prospects for success may be harmed. 
 We work with independent agents and sales representatives for a portion of our net sales, and the failure to incentivize, retain and manage our relationships with these third parties, or the termination of these relationships, could cause our net sales to decline and harm our business. 
 In the past, we pursued an agency-driven sales channel strategy in order to expand our market presence throughout the United States. As a result, at that time, we had increased our reliance on independent sales agent channels to market and sell our LED lighting and control products. In addition, these parties provide technical sales support to end-users. The current agreements with our agents are generally non-exclusive on the agents product portfolio, meaning they can sell our competitors products. Any such agreements we enter into in the future may be on similar terms. Our agents may not be motivated to or successfully pursue the sales opportunities available to them, or they may prefer to sell or be more familiar with the products of our competitors. If our agents do not achieve our sales objectives or these relationships take significant time to develop, our revenue may decline, fail to grow or not increase as rapidly as we intend in order to achieve profitability and grow our business. During 2022, we refocused our agency relationships on those that were both mutually beneficial and strategically important. Although 
 16 

Table of Contents 

we believe that our agency strategy will increase the role of independent agents and sales representatives over time, direct sales using internal sales personnel still account for a substantial portion of our sales, and our agency plans may take longer to contribute significantly to our operating results. 
 Furthermore, our agency agreements are generally short-term and can be cancelled by either party without significant financial consequence. The termination of or the inability to negotiate extensions of these contracts on acceptable terms could adversely impact sales of our products. Additionally, we cannot be certain that we or end-users will be satisfied by their performance. If these agents significantly change their terms with us, or change their end-user relationships, there could be an impact on our net sales and profits. 
 If our LED lighting and control technology products fail to gain widespread market acceptance or we are unable to respond effectively as new technologies and market trends emerge, our competitive position and our ability to generate revenue, and profits may be harmed. 
 To be successful in our respective markets for LED lighting and control technology products, we depend on continued market acceptance of our existing LED lighting and control technology, including in the consumer and commercial markets. Potential customers may be reluctant to adopt LED lighting products as an alternative to traditional lighting technology because of their higher initial costs or perceived risks relating to their novelty, reliability, usefulness, quality and cost-effectiveness when compared to other established lighting sources available in the market. Changes in economic and market conditions may also make traditional lighting technologies more appealing. For example, declining energy prices in certain regions or countries may favor existing lighting technologies that are less energy-efficient, reducing the rate of adoption for LED lighting products in those areas. Notwithstanding continued performance improvements and cost reductions of LED lighting technologies, limited customer awareness of the benefits of LED lighting products, lack of widely accepted standards governing LED lighting products and customer unwillingness to adopt LED lighting products could significantly limit the demand for LED lighting products. Even potential customers that are inclined to adopt energy-efficient lighting technology may defer investment as LED lighting products continue to experience rapid technological advances. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations and limit our market opportunities. 
 In addition, we will need to keep pace with rapid changes in LED lighting and control technology, changing customer requirements, new product introductions and cost reductions by competitors and evolving industry standards, any of which could render our existing products obsolete if we fail to respond in a timely manner. The development, introduction, and acceptance of new, re-designed or reduced cost products incorporating advanced technology is a complex process subject to numerous uncertainties, including: 
 available funding to sustain adequate development efforts; 
 achievement of technology breakthroughs required to make commercially viable devices, and in turn, protecting those breakthroughs through intellectual property; 
 the accuracy of our predictions for market requirements; 
 our ability to predict, influence, or react to evolving standards; 
 acceptance of our new product designs; 
 acceptance of new technologies in certain markets; 
 the combination of other desired technological advances with lighting products, such as controls; 
 the availability of qualified research and development personnel; 
 our timely completion of product designs and development; 
 our ability to develop repeatable processes to manufacture new products in sufficient quantities, with the desired specifications, and at competitive costs; 
 our ability to effectively transfer products and technology from development to manufacturing; and 
 market acceptance of our products. 
 We could experience delays in the introduction of these products. We could also devote substantial resources to the development of new technologies or products that are ultimately not successful. 
 If effective new sources of light, other than LEDs, are discovered and commercialized, our current products and technologies could become less competitive or obsolete. If others develop innovative proprietary lighting technology that is superior to ours, or if we fail to accurately anticipate technology, pricing and market trends, address market saturation and customer confusion, respond on a timely basis with our own development of new and reliable products and enhancements to existing products, and achieve broad market acceptance of these products and enhancements, our competitive position may be harmed and we may not achieve sufficient growth in our net sales to attain or sustain profitability. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Our operating results may fluctuate due to factors that are difficult to forecast and not within our control. 
 Our past operating results may not be accurate indicators of future performance, and you should not rely on such results to predict our future performance. Our operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and could fluctuate in the future. Factors that may contribute to fluctuations include: 
 changes in aggregate capital spending, cyclicality and other economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, or domestic and international demand in the industries; 
 the timing of large customer orders to which we may have limited visibility and cannot control; 
 competition for our products, including the entry of new competitors and significant declines in competitive pricing; 
 our ability to effectively manage our working capital; 
 our ability to generate increased demand in our current and targeted markets, particularly those in which we have limited experience; 
 our ability to satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner; 
 pricing and availability of labor and materials; 
 quality testing and reliability of new products; 
 our inability to adjust certain fixed costs and expenses for changes in demand and the timing and significance of expenditures that may be incurred to facilitate our growth; 
 macroeconomic, geopolitical and health concerns, including long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 seasonal fluctuations in demand and our revenue; and 
 disruption in component supply from foreign vendors. 
 Depressed general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the United States. Slow growth in the economy or an economic downturn, particularly one affecting construction and building renovation, or that causes end-users to reduce or delay their purchases of lighting products, services, or retrofit activities, would have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. LED lighting retrofit projects, in particular, tend to require a significant capital commitment, which is offset by cost savings achieved over time. As such, a lack of available capital, whether due to economic factors or conditions in the equity or debt markets, could have the effect of reducing demand for our products. A decrease in demand could adversely affect our ability to meet our working capital requirements and growth objectives, or could otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Customers may be unable to obtain financing to make purchases from us. 
 Some of our customers require financing in order to purchase our products, and the initial investment is higher than that which is required with traditional lighting products. The potential cost or inability of these customers to access the capital needed to finance purchases of our products and meet their payment obligations to us could adversely impact the appeal of our products relative to those with lower upfront costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that third-party finance companies will provide capital to our customers. 
 A significant portion of our business is dependent upon the existence of government funding, which may not be available into the future and could result in a reduction in sales and harm to our business. 
 Some of our customers are dependent on governmental funding, including U.S. and foreign allied navies and U.S. military bases. If any of these customers or potential customers abandon, curtail, or delay planned LED lighting retrofit projects as a result of the levels of funding available to them or changes in budget priorities, it would adversely affect our opportunities to generate product sales. 
 Our products could contain defects, or they may be installed or operated incorrectly, which could reduce sales of those products or result in claims against us. 
 Despite product testing, defects may be found in our existing or future products. This could result in, among other things, a delay in the recognition or loss of net sales, the write-down or destruction of existing inventory, insurance recoveries that fail to cover the full costs associated with product recalls or other claims, significant warranty, support, and repair costs, diversion of the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, and damage to our relationships with our customers. The occurrence of these problems could also result in reputational and brand damage or the delay or loss of market acceptance of our lighting products and would likely harm our business. In addition, our customers may specify quality, performance, and reliability standards that we must meet. If our products do not meet these standards, we may be required to replace or rework the products. In some cases, our products may contain undetected defects or flaws that only become evident after shipment. Even if our products meet standard specifications, our customers may attempt to use our products in 
 18 

Table of Contents 

applications for which they were not designed or in products that were not designed or manufactured properly, resulting in product failures and creating customer satisfaction issues. 
 Some of our products use line voltages (such as 120 or 240 volts AC), which involve enhanced risk of electrical shock, injury or death in the event of a short circuit or other malfunction. Defects, integration issues or other performance problems in our lighting products could result in personal injury or financial or other damages to end-users or could damage market acceptance of our products. Our customers and end-users could also seek damages from us for their losses. A product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time consuming and costly to defend and the adverse publicity generated by such a claim against us or others in our industry could negatively impact our reputation. 
 We provide warranty periods generally ranging from one to ten years on our LED lighting products. Although we believe our reserves are appropriate, we are making projections about the future reliability of new products and technologies, and we may experience increased variability in warranty claims. Increased warranty claims could result in significant losses due to a rise in warranty expense and costs associated with customer support. 
 Our industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights and positions, which may result in protracted and expensive litigation. We have engaged in litigation in the past and litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation may also be necessary to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity by others. Additionally, we could be required to defend against individuals and groups who have been purchasing intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. Litigation could delay development or sales efforts and an adverse outcome in litigation, or any similar proceedings, could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to license disputed rights from others or require us to cease marketing or using certain products or technologies. We may not be able to obtain any licenses on acceptable terms, if at all, and may attempt to redesign those products that contain allegedly infringing intellectual property, which may not be possible. We also may have to indemnify certain customers if it is determined that we have infringed upon or misappropriated another party s intellectual property. The costs of addressing any intellectual property litigation claim, including legal fees and expenses and the diversion of management resources, regardless of whether the claim is valid, could be significant and could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims or allegations that we infringe upon or have misappropriated the intellectual property of third parties. Defending against such claims is costly and intellectual property litigation often involves complex questions of fact and law, with unpredictable results. We may be forced to acquire rights to such third-party intellectual property on unfavorable terms (if rights are made available at all), pay damages, modify accused products to be non-infringing, or stop selling the applicable product altogether. 
 We may be subject to confidential information theft or misuse, which could harm our business and results of operation s. 
 We face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems on which we maintain proprietary and other confidential information. Our security measures may be breached as the result of industrial or other espionage actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our systems. In addition, these same risks to our information technology systems also apply to the third-party service providers information technology systems utilized by the Company. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to access our confidential information through other means, for example by fraudulently inducing our employees to disclose confidential information. We actively seek to prevent, detect and investigate any unauthorized access, which occasionally occurs despite our best efforts. We might be unaware of any such access or unable to determine its magnitude and effects. The theft, corruption or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position and the value of our investment in research and development could be reduced. Our business could be subject to significant disruption, widespread negative publicity and a loss of customers, and we could suffer legal liabilities and monetary or other losses. 
 We have international operations and are subject to risks associated with operating in international markets. 
 We outsource the production of certain parts and components, as well as finished goods in certain product lines, to a small number of vendors in various locations outside of the United States, including Malaysia, Taiwan and China. Although we do not currently generate significant sales from customers outside the United States, we are targeting foreign allied navies as a potential opportunity to generate additional sales of our MMM products as well as a limited number of foreign geographic markets which we expect to expand over time. 
 International business operations are subject to inherent risks, including, among others: 
 difficulty in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs, and other trade barriers, restrictions or disruptions; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences; 
 localized impacts of epidemics, pandemics or other contagious outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the burdens of compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, similar anti-bribery laws in other countries, and a wide variety of other laws; 
 import and export license requirements and restrictions of the United States and each other country in which we operate; 
 exposure to different legal standards and reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 currency fluctuations and restrictions; and 
 political, social, and economic instability, including war and the threat of war, acts of terrorism, pandemics, boycotts, curtailment of trade, or other business restrictions. 
 If we do not anticipate and effectively manage these risks, these factors may have a material adverse impact on our business operations. 
 Risks Associated with Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 We may be subject to legal claims against us or claims by us that could have a significant impact on our resulting financial performance. 
 At any given time, we may be subject to litigation or claims related to our products, intellectual property, suppliers, customers, employees, stockholders, distributors, sales representatives and sales of our assets, among other things, the disposition of which may have an adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The outcome of litigation is difficult to assess or quantify. Lawsuits can result in the payment of substantial damages by defendants. If we are required to pay substantial damages and expenses as a result of these or other types of lawsuits, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations. Insurance may not be available at all or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with respect to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims could adversely affect our business and the results of our operations. 
 Our business may suffer if we fail to comply with government contracting laws and regulations. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues from direct and indirect sales to U.S., state, local and foreign governments and their respective agencies. Contracts with government customers are subject to various procurement laws and regulations, business prerequisites to qualify for such contracts, accounting procedures, intellectual property processes, and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance, which may provide for various rights and remedies in favor of the governments that are not typically applicable to or found in commercial contracts. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations, or provisions in our government contracts could result in litigation, the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, or suspension from future government contracting. If our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer due to, among other factors, lost sales, the costs of any government action or penalties, damages to our reputation and the inability to recover our investment in developing and marketing products for MMM use. 
 If we are unable to obtain and adequately protect our intellectual property rights or are subject to claims that our products infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our ability to commercialize our products could be substantially limited. 
 We consider our technology and processes proprietary. If we are not able to adequately protect or enforce the proprietary aspects of our technology, competitors may utilize our proprietary technology. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We protect our technology through a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and similar means. Despite our efforts, other parties may attempt to disclose, obtain, or use our technologies. Our competitors may also be able to independently develop products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products or slightly modify our products. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the United States. As a result, we may not be able to protect our proprietary rights adequately in the United States or abroad. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be issued patents for which we have applied or obtain additional patents, or that we will be able to obtain licenses to patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties that we may need to support our business in the future. The inability to obtain certain patents or rights to third-party patents and other intellectual property rights in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

The ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We have significant U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (the Tax Attributes ). Under federal tax laws, we can carry forward and use our Tax Attributes to reduce our future U.S. taxable income and tax liabilities until such Tax Attributes expire in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). Section 382 and Section 383 of the IRC provide an annual limitation on our ability to utilize our Tax Attributes, as well as certain built-in-losses, against future U.S. taxable income in the event of a change in ownership, as defined under the IRC. Share issuances in connection with our past financing transactions or other future changes in our stock ownership, which may be beyond our control, could result in changes in ownership for purposes of the IRC. Such changes in ownership could further limit our ability to use our Tax Attributes. Accordingly, any such occurrences could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 The cost of compliance with environmental, health, safety, and other laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We are subject to a broad range of environmental, health, safety, and other laws and regulations. These laws and regulations impose increasingly stringent environmental, health, and safety protection standards and permit requirements regarding, among other things, air emissions, wastewater storage, treatment, and discharges, the use and handling of hazardous or toxic materials, waste disposal practices, the remediation of environmental contamination, and working conditions for our employees. Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Clean Water Act, and comparable laws in U.S. states and other jurisdictions world-wide, impose joint and several liability for the cost of environmental remediation, natural resource damages, third-party claims, and other expenses, without regard to the fault or the legality of the original conduct, on those persons who contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. We may also be affected by future laws or regulations, including those imposed in response to energy, climate change, geopolitical, or similar concerns. These laws may impact the sourcing of raw materials and the manufacture and distribution of our products and place restrictions and other requirements on the products that we can sell in certain geographical locations. 
 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change. 
 Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may 
 become subject. A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in 
 response to climate change. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, fees or restrictions on certain activities. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. We may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 
 Our net sales might be adversely impacted if our lighting systems do not meet certain certification and compliance standards. 
 We are required to comply with certain legal requirements governing the materials in our products. Although we are not aware of any efforts to amend any existing legal requirements or implement new legal requirements in a manner with which we cannot comply, our net sales might be adversely affected if such an amendment or implementation were to occur. 
 Moreover, although not legally required to do so, we strive to obtain certification for substantially all our products. In the United States, we seek certification on substantially all of our products from UL , ETL , or DLC . Where appropriate in jurisdictions outside the United States, we seek to obtain other similar national or regional certifications for our products. Although we believe that our broad knowledge and experience with electrical codes and safety standards have facilitated certification approvals, we cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain any such certifications for our new products or that, if certification standards are amended, we will be able to maintain such certifications for our existing products. Moreover, although we are not aware of any effort to amend any existing certification standard or implement a new certification standard in a manner that would render us unable to maintain certification for our existing products or obtain ratification for new products, our net sales might be adversely affected if such an amendment or implementation were to occur. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

If we experience a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the future or fail to otherwise maintain effective financial reporting systems and processes, we may be unable to accurately and timely report our financial results or comply with the requirements of being a public company, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline and harm our business. 
 As a public company reporting to the SEC, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including Section 404(a) that requires that we annually evaluate and report on our systems of internal controls. 
 We cannot be certain that we will not in the future have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or that we will successfully remediate any that we find. In addition, the processes and systems of internal controls we have developed to date may not be adequate. Accordingly, there could be a reasonable possibility that material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of our financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or cause us to fail to meet our obligations to file periodic financial reports on a timely basis. Any of these failures could result in adverse consequences that could materially and adversely affect our business, including an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock, potential action by the SEC against us, possible defaults under our debt agreements, shareholder lawsuits, delisting of our stock, general damage to our reputation and the diversion of significant management and financial resources. 
 We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and any material failure, weakness, interruption or breach of security could prevent us from effectively operating our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We rely heavily on our information technology systems, including our enterprise resource planning ERP and customer relationship management CRM software, across our operations and corporate functions, including for management of our supply chain, payment of obligations, data warehousing to support analytics, finance systems, accounting systems, and other various processes and procedures, some of which are handled by third parties, as well as lead generation, customer tracking, customer sourcing, etc. We also rely heavily on remote communication tools such as Microsoft Teams and Zoom to accommodate remote work environment and external meetings. 
 Our ability to efficiently and effectively manage our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we experience system usage problems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, maintenance problems, system conversions, back-up failures, problems or lack of resources for upgrading or transitioning to new platforms or damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including, without limitation, fire, natural disasters, power outages, systems failure, security breaches, cyber-attacks, viruses or human error could result in, among other things, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of data, inability to generate timely SEC reports, loss of sales and customers and reduced efficiency in our operations. Additionally, we and our customers could suffer financial and reputational harm if customer or Company proprietary information is compromised by such events. Remediation of such problems could result in significant unplanned capital investments and any damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Associated with an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 Our failure to comply with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could adversely affect the price of our common stock and its liquidity. 
 
 On August 23, 2022, we received a letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff notifying us that we are not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ), because the closing bid price for our common stock was below the minimum 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until February 20, 2023, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. During the initial compliance period, our common stock continued to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, but did not satisfy the Bid Price Rule. On February 21, 2023, we received written notification (the Notification from the Staff stating that we had not regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule and were ineligible to obtain a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance because we did not meet the Nasdaq Capital Market s minimum 5 million Stockholders Equity initial listing requirement as of September 30, 2022. Pursuant to the Notification, our common stock is subject to delisting from Nasdaq pending our opportunity to request a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Company intends to diligently pursue an appeal of the Notification before the Panel and regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. Under Nasdaq rules, the delisting of our common stock will be stayed during the pendency of the appeal and during such time, our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. On February 24, 2023, we submitted our request for an appeal before the Panel. There can be no assurance that such appeal will be successful or that we will be able to regain compliance 
 22 

Table of Contents 

with the Bid Price Rule or maintain compliance with other Nasdaq listing requirements. If our appeal is denied or if we fail to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards during any period granted by the Panel, our common stock will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. 
 
 On November 16, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that we were again no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires listed companies to maintain stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million if they do not meet the alternative compliance standards relating to the market value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations (the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule ). Our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 10, 2022 reflected that our stockholders equity as of September 30, 2022 was 1.5 million. Based on our timely submission of our plan to regain compliance, Nasdaq granted us an extension through May 15, 2023 to regain compliance with the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule. 
 
 If we do not regain and remain compliant with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, then we could be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. If we were delisted, it would likely have a negative impact on the price of our common stock and our liquidity. If we are delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market and we are not able to list our common stock on another exchange, our common stock could be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or in the pink sheets. As a result, we could face significant adverse consequences including, among others: 
 increased borrowing costs under the terms of outstanding bridge financing; 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 a determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which would require broker-dealers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 a limited amount of news and little or no analyst coverage of the Company; 
 we would no longer qualify for exemptions from state securities registration requirements, which may require us to comply with applicable state securities laws; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities (including pursuant to short-form registration statements on Form S-3) or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 As a thinly-traded stock with a relatively small public float, the market price of our common stock is highly volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 Our common stock is thinly-traded and we have a relatively small public float, which increases volatility in the share price and makes it difficult for investors to buy or sell shares in the public market without materially affecting our share price. Since the beginning of 2022, our market price has ranged from a low of 0.28 to a high of 4.63 and continues to experience significant volatility. Broad market and industry factors also may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Factors that could cause wide fluctuations in our stock price may include, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in our financial condition and operating results; 
 general economic conditions and trends; 
 addition or loss of significant customers and the timing of significant customer purchases; 
 our ability to effectively implement our growth plans, including new products, and the significance and timing of associated expenses; 
 unanticipated impairments and other changes that reduce our earnings; 
 overall conditions or trends in our industry; 
 the entry or exit of new competitors into our target markets; 
 any litigation or legal claims; 
 the terms and amount of any additional financing that we may obtain, if any; 
 unfavorable publicity; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 geopolitical changes, global health concerns and macroeconomic changes; 
 changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by any securities or industry analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 
 market expectations following periods of rapid growth; 
 the potential impact of increased volatility due to elevated trading on the price of our stock; 
 industry-wide news events that may affect market perceptions of the value of our stock; and 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders, including sales by our directors and officers. 
 Because our common stock is thinly-traded, investors seeking to buy or sell a certain quantity of our shares in the public market may be unable to do so within one or more trading days and it may be difficult for stockholders to sell all of their shares in the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

market at any given time at prevailing prices. Any attempts to buy or sell a significant quantity of our shares could materially affect our share price. In addition, because our common stock is thinly-traded and we have a relatively small public float, the market price of our shares may be disproportionately affected by any news, commentary or rumors regarding us or our industry, regardless of the source or veracity, which could also result in increased volatility. 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Volatility in the market price of our shares could also increase the likelihood of regulatory scrutiny. Securities litigation, if instituted against us, or any regulatory inquiries or actions that we face could result in substantial costs, diversion of our management s attention and resources and unfavorable publicity, regardless of the merits of any claims made against us or the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or action. 
 We could issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock without stockholder approval, or new securities with terms or rights superior to those of our existing stockholders, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We expect to require additional financing to fund future operations, including our research, development, sales and marketing activities. We are authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock of which 18,133,100 shares were issued and outstanding as of March 17, 2023, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 876,447 were issued and outstanding as of March 17, 2023. Our Board of Directors has the authority, without action or vote of our stockholders, to issue authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock subject to Nasdaq s rules. Additionally, if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholders will be reduced, and, if the equity securities issued are preferred shares, the holders of the new preferred shares may have rights superior to those of our existing stockholders, which could adversely affect rights of our existing stockholders and the market price of our common stock. In addition, in order to raise additional capital or acquire businesses in the future, we may need to issue securities that are convertible or exchangeable for shares of our common or preferred stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, the holders of those debt securities would have some rights senior to those of our existing stockholders, and the terms of these debt securities could impose restrictions on operations and create a significant interest expense for us which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. Any such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount to the then-current trading price of our common stock. These issuances could be dilutive to our existing stockholders and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock or the conversion of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) into shares of common stock may dilute the ownership interest of our common stockholders. 
 In connection with past financing activity, we have issued convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase our common stock. The exercise of some or all of the outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock or the conversion of some or all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Any sales of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants or conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the anticipated exercise of the warrants or conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 As a result of these factors, the value of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 We have never paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock, nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operations and expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our earnings, financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, a capital structure strategy and other factors as deemed necessary by our Board of Directors. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

The elimination of monetary liability against our directors under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors and officers may result in substantial expenditures by the Company and may discourage lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation eliminates the personal liability of our directors to the Company and our stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the extent permissible under Delaware law. Further, our Bylaws provide that we are obligated to indemnify any of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law and, subject to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could result in the Company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us or our stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive offices and our manufacturing facility are located in an approximately 62,000 square foot facility in Solon, Ohio, under a lease agreement expiring on June 30, 2027. We believe this facility is adequate to support our current operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business. See Note 16, Legal Matters, to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol EFOI. 
 Stockholders 
 There were approximately 81 holders of record of our common stock as of February 20, 2023, however, a large number of our stockholders hold their stock in street name in brokerage accounts. Therefore, they do not appear on the stockholder list maintained by our transfer agent. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends, and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near future. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 26 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements financial statements and related notes thereto, included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 
 
 Overview 
 Energy Focus, Inc. engages primarily in the design, development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of energy-efficient lighting systems and controls. We develop, market and sell high quality light-emitting diode LED lighting and controls products in the commercial market and military maritime market MMM ), and expanded our offerings into the consumer market in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our mission is to enable our customers to run their facilities with greater energy efficiency, productivity, and human health and wellness through advanced LED retrofit solutions. Our goal is to be the human wellness lighting and LED technology and market leader for the most demanding applications where performance, quality, value, environmental impact and health are considered paramount. We specialize in LED lighting retrofit by replacing fluorescent, high-intensity discharge lighting and other types of lamps in institutional buildings for primarily indoor lighting applications with our innovative, high-quality commercial and military-grade tubular LED TLED products, as well as other LED and lighting control products for commercial and consumer applications. In late 2020, we announced the launch of ultraviolet-C light disinfection UVCD products. After evaluating market demand and supply chain challenges for our UVCD products, we revised our business strategy to primarily focus on our MMM and commercial and industrial lighting and control products. 
 The LED lighting industry has changed dramatically over the past several years due to increasing competition and price erosion. We have been experiencing these industry forces in both our military and commercial business since 2016, where we once commanded significant price premiums for our flicker-free TLEDs with industry leading warranties. In more recent years, we have focused on redesigning our products for lower costs and consolidated our supply chain for stronger purchasing power in an effort to price our products more competitively while not impacting the performance and quality. Despite these efforts, our legacy products continue to face extreme pricing competition and a convergence of product functionality in the marketplace, and we have shifted to diversifying our supply chain in an effort to increase value and remain competitive. These trends are not unique to Energy Focus as evidenced by the increasing number of industry peers facing challenges, exiting LED lighting, selling assets and even going out of business. 
 In addition to continuously pursuing cost reductions, our strategy to combat these trends is to innovate both our technology and product offerings with differentiated products and solutions that offer greater, distinct value. Specific examples of these products we have developed include the RedCap , our patented emergency backup battery integrated TLED, EnFocus , our unique dimmable/color-tunable lighting and powerline control platform that we launched in 2020, and the second generation of EnFocus powerline control switches and circadian lighting system, which as a result of supply chain challenges we now plan to launch in 2023. Similarly, our plans to expand and enhance the performance of our RedCap product line are also now expected in 2023. We continue to evaluate our sales strategy and believe our go-to-market strategy that focuses more on direct-sales marketing, selectively expanding our channel partner network to cover territories across the country, and listening to the voice of the customer, will lead to better and more impactful product development efforts that we believe will eventually translate into larger addressable markets and greater sales growth for us. 
 Prior to 2019, the Company experienced significant sales declines, operating losses and increases in its inventory. Beginning in 2019, significant restructuring efforts were undertaken. The Company replaced the entire senior management team, significantly reduced non-critical expenses, minimized the amount of inventory the Company was purchasing, dramatically changed the composition of our board of directors Board of Directors and the executive team, and recruited new departmental leaders across the Company. The initial cost savings efforts to minimize cash usage included the elimination of certain positions, restructuring of the sales organization and incentive plan, flattening of the senior management team, additional operational streamlining, management compensation reductions, and outsourcing of certain functions including certain elements of supply chain and marketing. 
 During 2021 and 2022, we realized initial cost-savings benefits from these relaunch efforts, but continued to face significant operating losses. Despite these cost-cutting efforts, the company faced a challenging commercial market with continuing impacts from the global pandemic combined with ongoing delays in MMM projects and funding that continued to depress sales through 2021 while the company invested in exploring additional lines of business with UVCD technology that ultimately gained little traction in the market. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

At the beginning of 2022, the Board of Directors appointed our lead independent director to serve as interim Chief Executive Officer and replace our previous chief executive officer. During 2022, the company redoubled its cost-reduction efforts, reduced its warehouse square footage, undertook an inventory reduction project, and dramatically reduced head count. During 2022, we also added three experienced executives to our Board of Directors with extensive lighting and consumer products industry experience, and in September 2022, we hired a permanent Chief Executive Officer. We reinvested in our MMM sales channel with a strategic hire in May 2022 and continue to pursue these sales opportunities, though the sales cycles for what are frequently made-to-order products are longer than commercial offerings. 
 It is our belief that the dramatic rightsizing efforts undertaken in 2022, along with ongoing development of innovative, high-value products and an expanded sales and distribution network, will over time result in improved sales and bottom-line performance for the Company. 
 During 2021 and into 2022, our MMM business continued to face challenges resulting from the delayed availability of government funding and the timing of U.S. Navy awards, with several anticipated projects facing repeated and ongoing delays. We continue to pursue opportunities from the U.S. Navy and the government sector to minimize such volatility. Previously in our MMM business, significant efforts undertaken to reduce costs in our product offerings have positioned us to be more competitive along with improved production efficiencies. Such efforts allowed us to continue to win bids and proposals that helped grow our MMM sales in 2020, offsetting some of the weakness being experienced in our commercial business that year, though new MMM orders dwindled as we entered 2022. In May 2022 we reinvested in our MMM sales channel with a strategic hire to lead our MMM sales effort. While we continue to aggressively seek to increase sales of our commercial products, the MMM business offers us continued sales opportunities, in addition to validating our product quality and strengthening our brand trust in the marketplace. However, due to product mix impacts resulting from the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on commercial sales, our current financial results are in part driven by, and reflect volatility in, our MMM sales. 
 Meanwhile, we continue to seek additional external funding alternatives and sources to support our growth strategies, plans and initiatives. We plan to achieve profitability through developing and launching innovative products such as EnFocus TM powerline control technology and further leveraging our unique and proprietary technology such as RedCap , as well as executing on our multi-channel sales strategy that targets key verticals, such as government, healthcare, education and commercial and industrial, complemented by our marketing outreach campaigns and expanding channel partnerships. We also plan to continue to develop advanced lighting and lighting control applications built upon the EnFocus TM platform that aim to serve both consumer and commercial markets. We are also evaluating adjacent technologies including GaN-based power supplies and other market opportunities in energy solutions products that support sustainability in our existing channels. In addition, we intend to continue to apply rigorous financial discipline in our organizational structure, business processes and policies, strategic sourcing activities and supply chain practices to help accelerate our path towards profitability. 
 We launched our patented EnFocus platform during the second quarter of 2020 and, despite the ongoing, significant delay and slowdown in our customers lighting projects following the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to receive positive feedback from the market. The EnFocus platform offers two immediately available product lines: EnFocus DM, which provides a dimmable lighting solution, and EnFocus DCT, which provides both a dimmable and color tunable lighting solution. EnFocus enables buildings to have dimmable, color tunable and circadian-ready lighting using existing wiring, without requiring laying additional data cables or any wireless communication systems, through a relatively simple upgrade with EnFocus switches and LED lamps, a far more secure, affordable and environmentally sustainable solution compared with replacing an entire luminaire and incorporating additional wired or wireless communication. 
 Despite continuing progress on cost reduction throughout 2022, the Company s results reflect the challenges due to long and unpredictable sales cycles, unexpected delays in MMM and commercial customer retrofit budgets and project starts, and supply chain issues, all exacerbated by the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. There has also been continuing aggressive price competition in the lighting industry. We continued to incur losses and we have a substantial accumulated deficit, which continues to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern at December 31, 2022. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic in particular had, and may continue to have, a significant, long-term economic and business impact on our company. Throughout 2021 and 2022, following a slowdown in 2020, we have seen a continuing weakness in commercial sales as customers in the healthcare, education, and commercial and industrial sectors continue to delay order placements in reaction to the long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic that continue to cause our customers to suspend or postpone lighting retrofit projects due to budget and occupancy uncertainties. Global supply chain and logistics challenges have further exacerbated slowdowns in customer projects, as well as impacted our inventory strategies to respond to customer and supplier timelines. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We continue to monitor the impact of lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers, suppliers and logistics providers, and to evaluate governmental actions being taken in response to the pandemic. Global supply chain and logistics constraints continue to impact our inventory purchasing strategy, and we have previously had to build up inventory and components in an effort to manage both shortages of available components and longer lead times in obtaining components. Disruptions in global logistics networks are also impacting our lead times and ability to efficiently and cost-effectively transport products from our third-party suppliers to our facility. The significance and duration of the ongoing impact on us is still uncertain. Material adverse effects of lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on market drivers, our customers, suppliers or logistics providers could significantly impact our operating results. We also plan to continue to actively follow, assess and analyze the continued long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and will continue to adjust our organizational structure, strategies, plans and processes to respond. 
 Because the situation continues to evolve, we cannot reasonably estimate the ultimate impact to our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position that the COVID-19 pandemic will have. Long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and government actions in response thereto could cause further disruptions to our operations and the operations of our customers, suppliers and logistics partners and could significantly adversely affect our near-term and long-term revenues, earnings, liquidity and cash flows. We will remain agile as an organization to respond to potential or continuing weakness in the macroeconomic environment and in the meantime expand sales channels and continue to evaluate entering new markets that we believe will provide additional growth opportunities. 
 
 Results of operations 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of net sales represented by certain items reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the following periods: 
 2022 2021 Net sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 105.3 82.8 Gross (loss) profit (5.3) 17.2 Operating expenses: Product development 25.0 19.2 Selling, general, and administrative 119.8 86.5 Loss on impairment 5.6 Restructuring (0.2) Total operating expenses 150.4 105.5 Loss from operations (155.7) (88.3) Other expenses: Interest expense 16.0 8.0 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan (8.1) Other income (0.5) (8.9) Other expenses, net 0.9 0.7 Net loss before income taxes (172.1) (80.0) Benefit from income taxes 0.1 Net loss (172.2) (80.0) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Net sales 
 A further breakdown of our net sales by product line is as follows (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Commercial products 3,746 4,682 MMM products 2,222 5,183 Total net sales 5,968 9,865 
 Our net sales of 6.0 million in 2022 decreased 39.5 compared to 2021, mainly driven by a decrease of 57.1 in MMM sales and a decrease of 20.0 in commercial sales. The decrease in net MMM product sales in 2022 as compared to 2021 was mainly due to a reduced military sales pipeline at the beginning of the year, increased competition, and the delayed timing of expected orders. Net sales of our commercial products decreased in 2022 due to limited product availability impacts from supply chain constraints, our inventory reduction project, and continuing fluctuations in the timing, pace, and size of commercial projects. 
 
 International sales 
 We do not generate significant sales from customers outside the United States. International net sales accounted for approximately 0.4 of net sales in 2022 and 2 of net sales in 2021. Changes in currency exchange rates did not have an impact on net sales in 2022 or 2021, as our sales, including international sales, are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 
 Gross (loss) profit 
 Gross loss was 0.3 million, or (5.3) of net sales, for 2022, compared with gross profit of 1.7 million, or 17.2 of net sales for 2021. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin was driven primarily by a diminished sales pipeline and discounted pricing in connection with our inventory reduction project. Beginning in the third quarter of 2022, the warehouse square footage was reduced under the new lease agreement and significant amounts of previously reserved inventories were scrapped over the course of the year in connection with reducing leased square footage. Freight and logistics expense was notably higher at the beginning of 2022 as national imports faced backlogs at the ports. Scrap variance and freight in variance increases over prior year were 548 thousand and 324 thousand, respectively. 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, second source suppliers were sought to replace larger, key suppliers in an effort to identify more competitive pricing. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company incurred higher short-term supply chain management expense in connection with mitigating the transition impact of the second sourcing. Additionally, the production operated at excess capacity during the first nine months of 2022, prior to headcount reductions. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 Product development 
 Product development expenses include salaries, including stock-based compensation and related benefits, contractor and consulting fees, certain legal fees, supplies and materials, as well as overhead items, such as depreciation and facilities costs. Product development costs are expensed as they are incurred. Cost recovery represents the combination of revenues and credits from government contracts. 
 Total gross and net product development spending, including credits from government contracts, is shown in the following table (in thousands): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total gross product development expenses 1,491 1,891 
 Gross product development expenses were 1.5 million in 2022, a decrease of 21.2 , compared to 1.9 million in 2021. The 0.4 million decrease primarily resulted from lower product development and testing costs, offset by increased salaries and related benefits expenses prior to significant headcount reductions mid-year. Product development costs in 2021 were largely associated with the development and launch of our UVCD products. These UVCD products were fully launched prior to 2022, and no further investments were necessary in 2022. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 7.1 million, or 119.8 of net sales, in 2022, compared to 8.5 million, or 86.5 of net sales, in 2021. The year-over-year 1.4 million decrease is comprised of a combination of a 1.5 million decrease from a reduction in headcount and salaries, including stock-based compensation and related benefits and a decrease of 0.1 million in all other general expenses, offset by an increase of 0.2 million in sales commissions and consultants. Significant phased headcount reductions began at the end of the second quarter 2022 and continued throughout the end of the year. 
 Loss on impairment 
 As a result of the Company s impairment analysis, a loss on impairment of 338 thousand was recorded in 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, a loss on impairment of 76 thousand was recorded on the write-off of the UV-Robots. An additional 262 thousand of loss on impairment was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022, which consisted of tooling, equipment, software, hardware, and construction-in-progress. No such loss on impairment was recorded in 2021. 
 Restructuring 
 During 2021, we recorded restructuring credits of approximately 21 thousand, related to the cost and offsetting sub-lease income for the remaining lease obligation for our former New York, New York office which expired in June of 2021. 
 Please refer to Note 4, Restructuring, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for further information. 
 
 Other expenses 
 Interest expense 
 We incurred 954 thousand in interest expense in 2022, primarily related to the interest on borrowings and non-cash amortization of fees related to the Credit Facilities, interest on promissory notes in the principal amounts of 1.7 million (the 2021 Streeterville Note and 2 million (the 2022 Streeterville Note the Company sold and issued to Streeterville Capital, LLC Streeterville pursuant to separate note purchase agreements, and interest on the short-term bridge financing in the aggregate principal amount of 1.45 million pursuant to promissory notes sold and issued by us to certain private parties, including one of our directors. 
 In 2021, we incurred 792 thousand in interest expense primarily related to the Credit Facilities and the 2021 Streeterville Note. 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 Forgiveness income of 801 thousand related to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan taken out during 2020 and forgiven in 2021 was recognized during the first quarter 2021. 
 Other expenses, net 
 We recognized other expenses, net, of 56 thousand in 2022, compared to other expenses, net, of 65 thousand in 2021. Other expenses, net, in 2022 and 2021 primarily consisted of bank and collateral management fees. 
 
 Income taxes 
 For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our effective tax rate was 0.0 . In 2022, our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate due to an increase in the valuation allowance as a result of the 9.2 million additional federal net operating loss we recognized for the year. In 2021, our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate due to an increase in the valuation allowance as a result of the 9.6 million additional federal net operating loss we recognized for the year. 
 Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. In considering the need for a valuation allowance, we assess all evidence, both positive and negative, available to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Such evidence includes, but is not limited to, recent earnings history, projections of future income or loss, reversal patterns of existing taxable and deductible temporary differences, and tax planning strategies. We have recorded a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had no net deferred liabilities at December 31, 2022 or 2021. We will continue to evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately 132.4 million for federal income tax purposes 77.6 million for state and local income tax purposes). However, due to changes in our capital structure, 
 31 

Table of Contents 

approximately 78.0 million of the 132.4 million is available after the application of IRC Section 382 limitations. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ), net operating loss carry-forwards generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 can only offset 80 of taxable income. These net operating loss carry-forwards can no longer be carried back, but they can be carried forward indefinitely. The 9.2 million and 9.6 million in federal net operating losses generated in December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, will be subject to the new limitations under the Tax Act. If not utilized, the carry-forwards generated prior to December 31, 2017 of 35.3 million will begin to expire in 2024 for federal purposes and have begun to expire for state and local purposes. Please refer to Note 11, Income Taxes, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for further information. 
 
 Net loss 
 Net loss was 10.3 million for 2022. This compares with a net loss was 7.9 million for 2021, inclusive of a non-cash, pre-tax gain of 0.8 million from the forgiveness of the Company s PPP loan and 0.9 million in other income recorded relating to the Employee Retention Tax Credit ERTC ( 431 thousand of which was received during the fourth quarter of 2021). 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 General 
 We generated a net loss of 10.3 million in 2022, compared to net loss of 7.9 million in 2021. We have incurred substantial losses in the past, and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 149.0 million. 
 In order for us to operate our business profitably, we need to grow our sales, maintain cost control discipline while balancing development of our new products required for long-term competitiveness and revenue growth, continue our efforts to reduce product cost, and drive further operating efficiencies. There is a risk that our strategy to return to profitability may not be successful. We will likely require additional financing in the next twelve months to achieve our strategic plan and, if our operations do not achieve, or we experience an unanticipated delay in achieving, our intended level and pace of profitability, we will continue to need additional financing thereafter, none of which may be available on favorable terms or at all and could require us to discontinue or curtail our operations. 
 Considering both quantitative and qualitative information, we continue to believe that the combination of our plan to continue to ensure appropriate levels of the availability of external financing, current financial position, liquid resources, obligations due or anticipated within the next year, and implementation of our product development and sales channel strategy, if adequately executed, will provide us with an ability to finance our operations through 2023 and will mitigate the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Credit Facilities 
 On August 11, 2020, we entered into the Credit Facilities. The Credit Facilities consist of the Inventory Facility, an inventory financing facility for up to 3.0 million, which amount was subsequently increased to 3.5 million in April 2021. In January 2023, we amended the Inventory Facility, reducing the maximum availability to 500 thousand, reducing monthly fees and paying down an aggregate of 1 million in January and February 2023. The Receivables Facility, a receivables financing facility for up to 2.5 million, was terminated in February 2023, further reducing our monthly borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2022, our cash was approximately 0.1 million and our total outstanding balance was approximately 1.5 million under the Credit Facilities. As of December 31, 2022, our additional availability under the Credit Facilities was 55 thousand. 
 June 2022 Private Placement 
 In June 2022, we completed a private placement (the June 2022 Private Placement with certain institutional investors for the sale of 1,313,462 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 1.30 per share. We also sold to the same institutional investors (i) pre-funded warrants (the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 1,378,848 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share and (ii) warrants (collectively with the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants, the June 2022 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,692,310 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.30 per share. In connection with the June 2022 Private Placement, we paid the placement agent commissions of 252 thousand, plus 35 thousand in expenses, and we also paid legal, accounting and other fees of 47 thousand. Total offering costs of 334 thousand have been presented as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and have been netted within equity in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Net proceeds to us from the June 2022 Private Placement were approximately 3.2 million. We determined the exercise price of the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to be nominal and, as such, have considered the 1,378,848 shares underlying them to be outstanding effective June 7, 2022, for purposes of calculating net loss per share. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

In July 2022, all of the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised. As of December 31, 2022, June 2022 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,692,310 shares remained outstanding, with a weighted average exercise price of 1.30 per share. The exercise of the remaining June 2022 Warrants outstanding could provide us with cash proceeds of up to 3.5 million in the aggregate. 
 2022 Streeterville Note 
 On April 21, 2022, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville pursuant to which we sold and issued to Streeterville the 2022 Streeterville Note. The 2022 Streeterville Note was issued with an original issue discount of 215 thousand and Streeterville paid a purchase price of approximately 1.8 million for the 2022 Streeterville Note, from which the Company paid 15 thousand to Streeterville for Streeterville s transaction expenses. 
 The 2022 Streeterville Note had an original maturity date of April 21, 2024, and accrues interest at 8 per annum, compounded daily, on the outstanding balance. On January 17, 2023, we agreed with Streeterville to restructure and pay down the 2022 Streeterville Note and to extend its maturity date to December 1, 2024. We agreed to make payments to reduce the outstanding amounts of the 2022 Streeterville Note of 500 thousand by January 20, 2023 and 250 thousand by July 14, 2023. The 500 thousand was paid in January 2023. Streeterville agreed to extend the term of the 2022 Streeterville Note through December 1, 2024, and beginning January 1, 2024, we will make twelve monthly repayments of approximately 117 thousand each. We have the right to prepay any of the scheduled repayments at any time or from time to time without additional penalty or fees. Provided we make all payments as scheduled or earlier, the 2022 Streeterville Note will be deemed paid in full and shall automatically be deemed canceled. Please refer to Note 15, Subsequent Events included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for further detail. 
 The total liability for the 2022 Streeterville Note, net of discount and financing fees, was 2.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 In the event our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, the amount outstanding under the 2022 Streeterville Note will automatically increase by 15 as of the date of such delisting. 
 December 2021 Private Placement 
 In December 2021, we completed a private placement (the December 2021 Private Placement with certain institutional investors for the sale of 1,193,185 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 3.52 per share. We also sold to the same institutional investors (i) pre-funded warrants December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 85,228 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share and (ii) warrants (collectively with the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants, the December 2021 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,278,413 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.52 per share. We paid the placement agent commission of 360 thousand, plus 42 thousand in expenses, in connection with the December 2021 Private Placement and we also paid legal, accounting and other fees of 97 thousand related to the December 2021 Private Placement. Total offering costs of 499 thousand have been presented as a reduction of additional paid-in-capital and have been netted within equity in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Net proceeds to us from the December 2021 Private Placement were approximately 4.0 million. We determined the exercise price of the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants to be nominal and, as such, considered the 85,228 shares underlying them to be outstanding effective December 16, 2021, for purposes of calculating net loss per share. 
 In January 2022, all of the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised. As of December 31, 2022, December 2021 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,278,413 shares remained outstanding, with an exercise price of 3.52 per share. The exercise of the remaining December 2021 Warrants outstanding could provide us with cash proceeds of up to 4.5 million in the aggregate. 
 June 2021 Equity Offering 
 In June 2021, we completed a registered direct offering of 990,100 shares of our common stock to certain institutional investors, at a purchase price of 5.05 per share (the June 2021 Equity Offering ). We paid the placement agent commissions of 400 thousand, plus 51 thousand in expenses, in connection with the June 2021 Equity Offering and we also paid legal and other fees of 19 thousand related to the June 2021 Equity Offering. Total offering costs of 469 thousand have been presented as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and have been netted within equity in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. Net proceeds to us from the June 2021 Equity Offering were approximately 4.5 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

2021 Streeterville Note 
 On April 27, 2021, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville, pursuant to which we sold and issued the 2021 Streeterville Note. The 2021 Streeterville Note was issued with an original issue discount of 194 thousand and Streeterville paid a purchase price of 1.5 million for the 2021 Streeterville Note, after deduction of 15 thousand of Streeterville s transaction expenses. 
 Beginning on November 1, 2021, Streeterville could require the Company to redeem up to 205 thousand of the 2021 Streeterville Note in any calendar month. The Company had the right on three occasions to defer all redemptions that Streeterville could otherwise require the Company to make during any calendar month. Each exercise of this deferral right by the Company increased the amount outstanding under the 2021 Streeterville Note by 1.5 . The Company exercised this right twice during the fourth quarter of 2021, once during the second quarter of 2022 and once during the third quarter of 2022. The Company and Streeterville agreed to exchange common stock, priced at-the-market, for the required redemptions in October 2022 and December 2022, totaling 305 thousand converted to equity. These exchanges satisfied the redemption notices provided by Streeterville, and following the December 2022 exchange, the note was paid in full. 
 January 2020 Equity Offering 
 
 In January 2020, we completed a registered direct offering for the sale of 688,360 shares of our common stock to certain institutional investors, at a purchase price of 3.37 per share. We also sold, to the same institutional investors, warrants to purchase up to 688,360 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.37 per share in a concurrent private placement (the January 2020 Investor Warrants for a purchase of 0.625 per warrant. In addition, we issued warrants to the placement agent to purchase up to 48,185 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.99 per share (together with the January 2020 Investor Warrants, the January 2020 Warrants ). Proceeds to us, before expenses, from the January 2020 Equity Offering were approximately 2.8 million. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 On March 29, 2019, we issued 1.7 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated convertible promissory notes (the Convertible Notes to certain investors in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Convertible Notes had a maturity date of December 31, 2021 and bore interest at a rate of 5 per annum until June 30, 2019 and at a rate of 10 thereafter. Pursuant to their terms, on January 16, 2020, following approval by our stockholders of certain amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the principal amount of all of the Convertible Notes, and the accumulated interest thereon 0.1 million), which totaled 1.8 million, were converted at a conversion price of 0.67 per share into an aggregate of 2,709,018 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), which is convertible on a one-for-five basis into shares of our common stock. During 2021, 1,721,023 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into 344,205 shares of common stock. During 2022, no shares of Series A Preferred Stock was converted into shares of common stock. 
 Need for Additional Financing 
 Even with access to outstanding borrowings under the Inventory Facility, which we have further curtailed and agreed to pay down in 2023, we may not generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or be able to borrow sufficient funds to sustain our operations within the next twelve months or in the time periods thereafter. As such, we will likely need additional external financing during 2023 and thereafter and will continue to review and pursue external funding sources including, but not limited to, the following: 
 obtaining financing from traditional or non-traditional investment capital organizations or individuals; 
 obtaining funding from the sale of our common stock or other equity or debt instruments; and 
 obtaining debt financing with lending terms that more closely match our business model and capital needs. 
 There can be no assurance that we will obtain future funding on acceptable terms, in a timely fashion, or at all. Obtaining additional financing contains risks, including: 
 additional equity financing may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, particularly in light of the current price of our common stock, and any equity we are able to issue could lead to substantial dilution for current stockholders and have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock; 
 loans or other debt instruments may have terms and/or conditions, such as interest rates, restrictive covenants, conversion features, refinancing demands, and control or revocation provisions, which are not acceptable to management or our Board of Directors; and 
 the current environment in the capital markets and volatile interest rates, combined with our capital constraints may prevent us from being able to obtain adequate debt financing. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, if we are unable to find a permanent Chief Financial Officer, it may be more difficult to obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms or at all. If we fail to obtain additional financing to sustain our business before we are able to produce levels of revenue to meet our financial needs, we will need to delay, scale back or eliminate our business plan and further reduce our operating costs and headcount, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, and financial condition. A lack of additional financing could also result in our inability to continue as a going concern and force us to sell certain assets or discontinue or curtail our operations and, as a result, investors in the Company could lose their entire investment. 
 Cash and debt 
 At December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 0.1 million, compared to 2.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The following is a summary of cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (6,713) (9,765) Net cash used in investing activities (16) (443) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants 3,500 9,500 Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 801 Offering costs paid on the issuance of common stock and warrants (334) (969) Principal payments under finance lease obligations (1) (3) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and purchases through employee stock purchase plan 6 80 Common stock withheld in lieu of income tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units (1) Payments for deferred financing costs (114) (30) Payments on the 2021 Streeterville Note (1,640) Proceeds from the 2021 Streeterville Note 1,515 Proceeds from the 2022 Streeterville Note 2,000 Proceeds from related party promissory notes payable 800 Proceeds from promissory notes payable 650 Net payments on credit line borrowings - Credit Facilities (768) (181) Net cash provided by financing activities 4,099 10,712 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 6.7 million in 2022 resulted primarily from the net loss incurred of 10.3 million, adjusted for non-cash items, including: depreciation and amortization of 0.5 million, stock-based compensation, net of 0.1 million, and non-favorable provisions from inventory 32 thousand, and favorable provisions from warranty of 0.1 million, as well as a loss on impairment of property and equipment of 0.3 million. We generated 0.8 million through the timing of collection of accounts receivable, 0.2 million from the change in prepaid and other current assets, 0.1 million for short-term deposits, and 2.4 million in inventory as we sold off a substantial portion of the stock on hand. We used 0.3 million from changes in deferred revenue, 1 thousand in cash for a decrease in accounts payable due to the timing of inventory receipts and payments, and 0.6 million through a decrease of other accrued liabilities. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Net cash used in operating activities of 9.8 million in 2021 resulted primarily from the net loss incurred of 7.9 million, adjusted for non-cash items, including: depreciation and amortization of 0.2 million, stock-based compensation, net of 0.4 million, gain on forgiveness of the PPP loan of 0.8 million, other income related to the ERTC of 0.9 million, and unfavorable provisions from inventory and warranty of 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively, as well as accounts receivable and working capital changes. We generated 0.8 million through the timing of collection of accounts receivable, 0.7 million from the change in prepaid and other current assets (primarily the receipt of ERTC funds), 0.3 million for short-term deposits related to the timing of inventory receipts with our contract manufacturers for our nUVo and EnFocus products, and 0.2 million from changes in deferred revenue. We used 2.4 million from a net increase in inventories primarily due to the timing of inventory receipts, 0.4 million in cash for a decrease in accounts payable due to the timing of inventory receipts and payments, and 0.4 million through a decrease of other accrued liabilities, primarily related to accrued payroll and benefits and commissions. 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 16 thousand in 2022, primarily from the acquisition of property and equipment. 
 Net cash used by investing activities was 0.4 million in 2021, and resulted primarily from the addition of software and tooling to support production operations as well as the development of an e-commerce platform. 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 4.1 million primarily resulted from the proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants of 3.5 million and proceeds from promissory notes payable of 0.7 million and related party promissory notes payable of 0.8 million. Additionally, the issuance of the 2022 Streeterville Note provided net proceeds of 2.0 million. The increases in cash were offset by payments on the 2021 Streeterville Note of 1.6 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 10.7 million primarily resulted from 4.0 million and 4.5 million in net proceeds received from the December 2021 Private Placement and the June 2021 Equity Offering, respectively, 1.5 million of net proceeds from the 2021 Streeterville Note, and 0.8 million of proceeds from the exercise of 237,892 January 2020 Warrants. These increases in cash were offset by net payments made against borrowings under the Inventory Facility and the Receivables Facility of 150 thousand and 31 thousand, respectively. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 On August 11, 2020, we entered into the Credit Facilities, consisting of two debt financing arrangements. The Credit Facilities consist of the Inventory Facility, a two-year inventory financing facility for up to 3.0 million, which amount was subsequently increased to 3.5 million, and the Receivables Facility, a two-year receivables financing facility for up to 2.5 million. On January 18, 2023, the Company and the Inventory Lender entered into an amendment to restructure and pay down the Inventory Facility during 2023, which amendment reduced the overall availability to 500 thousand. On February 7, 2023, the Company and Receivable Lender terminated the Receivables Facility. 
 Net borrowings under the Inventory Facility at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.4 million and 1.2 million, respectively. Net borrowings under the Receivables Facility at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 0.1 million and 1.0 million, respectively. These facilities are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as a current liability under the caption Credit line borrowings, net of origination fees. Outstanding balances include unamortized net issuance costs totaling 47 thousand and 84 thousand, respectively, for the Inventory Facility and 15 thousand and 24 thousand, respectively, for the Receivables Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For more information, see Note 8, Debt, and Note 15, Subsequent Events, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 We had no off-balance sheet arrangements at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingencies, and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses in the financial statements. Material differences may result in 
 36 

Table of Contents 

the amount and timing of net sales and expenses if different judgments or different estimates were utilized. Critical accounting policies, judgments, and estimates that we believe have the most significant impact on our financial statements are set forth below: 
 revenue recognition, 
 allowances for doubtful accounts, returns and discounts, 
 impairment of long-lived assets, 
 valuation of inventories, 
 accounting for income taxes, 
 share-based compensation, and 
 leases. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 Net sales include revenues from sales of products and shipping and handling charges, net of estimates for product returns. Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the transferred products. We recognize revenue at the point in time when we transfer the promised products to the customer and the customer obtains control over the products. Distributors obligations to us are not contingent upon the resale of our products. We recognize revenue for shipping and handling charges at the time the goods are shipped to the customer, and the costs of outbound freight are included in cost of sales. We provide for product returns based on historical return rates. While we incur costs for sales commissions to our sales employees and outside agents, we recognize commission costs concurrent with the related revenue, as the amortization period is less than one year. We do not incur any other incremental costs to obtain contracts with our customers. Our product warranties are assurance-type warranties, which promise the customer that the products are as specified in the contract. therefore, the product warranties are not a separate performance obligation and are accounted for as described below. Sales taxes assessed by governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and are excluded from net sales. 
 A disaggregation of product net sales is presented in Note 12, Product and Geographic Information, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Our trade accounts receivable consists of amounts billed to and currently due from customers. Our customers are concentrated in the United States. In the normal course of business, we extend unsecured credit to our customers related to the sale of our products. Credit is extended to customers based on an evaluation of the customer s financial condition and the amounts due are stated at their estimated net realizable value. From time to time, we have utilized a third-party account receivable insurance program with a very high credit worthy insurance company where we have the large majority of the accounts receivable insured with a portion of self-retention. This third party also provided credit-worthiness ratings and metrics that significantly assisted us in evaluating the credit worthiness of both existing and new customers. We maintain allowances for sales returns and doubtful accounts receivable to provide for the estimated number of account receivables that will not be collected. The allowance is based on an assessment of customer creditworthiness and historical payment experience, the age of outstanding receivables, and performance guarantees to the extent applicable. Past due amounts are written off when our internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful, and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the allowance for doubtful accounts. We do not generally require collateral from our customers. 
 Our standard payment terms with customers are net 30 days from the date of shipment, and we do not generally offer extended payment terms to our customers, but exceptions are made in some cases to major customers or with particular orders. Accordingly, we do not adjust trade accounts receivable for the effects of financing, as we expect the period between the transfer of product to the customer and the receipt of payment from the customer to be in line with our standard payment terms. 
 
 Allowances for doubtful accounts, returns, and discounts 
 We establish allowances for doubtful accounts and returns for probable losses based on the customers loss history with us, the financial condition of the customer, the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole, and the contractual terms established with the customer. The specific components are as follows: 
 allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable, and 
 allowance for sales returns and discounts. 
 In 2022 and 2021, the total allowance was 26 thousand and 14 thousand, respectively, which was all related to sales returns. We review these allowance accounts periodically and adjust them accordingly for current conditions. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Long-lived assets 
 Property and equipment are stated at cost and include expenditures for additions and major improvements. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. We use the straight-line method of depreciation over the estimated useful lives of the related assets (generally two to fifteen years) for financial reporting purposes. Accelerated methods of depreciation are used for federal income tax purposes. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Refer to Note 6, Property and Equipment, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that would result in an impairment review primarily include operations reporting losses, a significant change in the use of an asset, or the planned disposal or sale of the asset. The asset would be considered impaired when the future net undiscounted cash flows generated by the asset are less than its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, as determined by quoted market prices (if available) or the present value of expected future cash flows. In 2022, a loss on impairment of 338 thousand was recorded. Refer to Note 6, Property and Equipment, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 
 Valuation of inventories 
 We state inventories at the lower of standard cost (which approximates actual cost determined using the first-in-first-out method) or net realizable value. We establish provisions for excess and obsolete inventories after evaluation of historical sales, market prices, current economic trends, forecasted sales, product lifecycles, and current inventory levels. Throughout 2022, we faced supply chain constraints and also undertook an inventory reduction project in connection with reducing our warehouse square footage, which impacted our inventory purchasing strategy and resulted in a decrease in our gross inventory levels of 2.9 million and excess inventory reserves of 0.5 million compared to 2021. During 2021, we experienced global supply chain and logistics constraints, which impacted our inventory purchasing strategy, leading to a buildup of inventory and inventory components in an effort to manage both shortages of available components and longer lead times in obtaining components, which resulted in an increase in our gross inventory levels of 2.4 million and excess inventory reserves of 0.2 million compared to 2020. Adjustments to our estimates, such as forecasted sales and expected product lifecycles, could harm our operating results and financial position. Refer to Note 5, Inventories, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 
 Accounting for income taxes 
 As part of the process of preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate our income tax liability in each of the jurisdictions in which we do business. This process involves estimating our actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as deferred revenues, for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We then assess the likelihood of the deferred tax assets being recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recovered, or is unknown, we establish a valuation allowance. 
 Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets due to uncertainties related to our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, primarily consisting of certain net operating losses carried forward. The valuation allowance is based upon our estimates of taxable income by jurisdiction and the period over which our deferred tax assets will be recoverable. In considering the need for a valuation allowance, we assess all evidence, both positive and negative, available to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Such evidence includes, but is not limited to, recent earnings history, projections of future income or loss, reversal patterns of existing taxable and deductible temporary differences, and tax planning strategies. We continue to evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately 132.4 million for federal income tax purposes 77.6 million for state and local income tax purposes). However, due to changes in our capital structure, approximately 78.0 million of the 132.4 million is available to offset future taxable income after the application of IRC Section 382 limitations. As a result of the Tax Act, net operating loss carry-forwards generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 can only offset 80 of taxable income. These net operating loss carry-forwards can no longer be carried back, but they can be carried forward indefinitely. The 9.2 million and 9.6 million in federal net operating losses generated in 
 38 

Table of Contents 

2022 and 2021, respectively, will be subject to the new limitations under the Tax Act. If not utilized, the carry-forwards generated prior to December 31, 2017 of 37.5 million will begin to expire in 2024 for federal purposes and have begun to expire for state and local purposes. Please refer to Note 11, Income Taxes, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for further information. 
 
 Share-based payments 
 The cost of employee and director stock options and restricted stock units, as well as other share-based compensation arrangements, is reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements based on the estimated grant date fair value method under the authoritative guidance. Management applies the Black-Scholes option pricing model to options issued to employees and directors to determine the fair value of stock options and apply judgment in estimating key assumptions that are important elements of the model in expense recognition. These elements include the expected life of the option, the expected stock-price volatility, and expected forfeiture rates. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards under Black-Scholes represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions could materially impact our reported financial results. Restricted stock units and stock options issued to non-employees are valued based upon the intrinsic value of the award. See Note 10, Stockholders Equity, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 
 Leases 
 The Company leases certain equipment, manufacturing, warehouse and office space under non-cancellable operating leases expiring through 2027 under which it is responsible for related maintenance, taxes and insurance. The Company had one finance lease on a forklift containing a bargain purchase option which was exercised in July 2022. The lease term consists of the non-cancellable period of the lease, periods covered by options to extend the lease if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the option, and periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise the option. 
 Additionally, as of March 25, 2022, the terms of our expiring headquarters real estate operating lease for manufacturing, warehouse and office space have been modified beginning July 1, 2022 to reflect a smaller footprint at reduced costs through 2027. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases Topic 842 ), as a result of the extension, the related lease liability was remeasured and the right-of-use asset was adjusted for the modification in March 2022. The present value of the lease obligation for this lease was calculated using an incremental borrowing rate of 16.96 , which was the Company s blended borrowing rates (including interest, annual facility fees, collateral management fees, bank fees and other miscellaneous lender fees) on its revolving lines of credit. The weighted average remaining lease term for the operating leases is 4.7 years. 
 
 The Company had one restructured lease with a sub-lease component for the New York, New York office that was closed in 2017. The lease expired in June 2021. As part of the lease agreement, there was 0.3 million in restricted cash in prepaid and other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 which represented collateral against the related letter of credit issued as part of the lease agreement. Per the terms of the lease agreement, the restrictions on the cash were lifted in September 2021 and the cash was returned to the Company. 
 
 Recently issued accounting pronouncements 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which significantly changes the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope. The new guidance introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain financial instruments, including trade receivables, and requires an entity to recognize an allowance based on its estimate of expected credit losses rather than incurred losses. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods starting after December 15, 2022 and will generally requires adoption on a modified retrospective basis. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of the standard. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, 17 CFR 229.10(f)(1), the Company is not required to provide this information. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 41 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 48 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Energy Focus, Inc. 
 Solon, Ohio 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Energy Focus, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and Schedule II (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Continuation as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 4. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Reserves for Excess, Obsolete and Slow-Moving Inventories 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses the valuation of inventories each reporting period based on the lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company establishes reserves for excess, obsolete and slow-moving inventories after evaluation of historical sales, current economic trends, forecasted sales, product lifecycles and current inventory levels. The assessment is both quantitative and qualitative. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had inventories of 5.5 million, net of reserves for excess, obsolete and slow-moving inventories. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Auditing management's estimates for excess, obsolete and slow-moving inventories required subjective auditor judgment and evaluation of the reasonableness of significant assumptions used in developing the reserves as detailed above, as well as the inputs and related calculations related to historical sales and on-hand inventories. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of internal controls over the Company's reserves for excess, obsolete and slow-moving inventories, including management's assessment of the assumptions and data underlying the reserve calculation. 
 
 Our substantive audit procedures included, among others, testing the logic and integrity of calculations within management s analysis; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used, including inventory quantities, carrying costs and the estimate of net realizable value by product; and evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions related to demand forecasts, estimated reserve percentages and qualitative considerations involving, among others, the implications of new or revised operational strategies. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions involved (i) comparing historical sales by product, used as a basis for future demand, to audited sales subledgers on a sample basis, (ii) holding discussions with senior management to determine whether strategic or operational changes in the business were consistent with the projections of future demand that were utilized as the basis for the reserves recorded, and (iii) corroborating management s qualitative considerations of future demand through review of unfulfilled customer purchase orders as of year-end on a sample basis. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 

March 23, 2023 
 42 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 
 (amounts in thousands except share data) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Trade accounts receivable, less allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Short-term deposits Prepaid and other current assets Receivable for claimed ERTC Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease, right-of-use asset Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued legal and professional fees Accrued payroll and related benefits Accrued sales commissions Accrued warranty reserve Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Promissory notes payable, net of discounts and loan origination fees Related party promissory notes payable Credit line borrowings, net of loan origination fees Total current liabilities 
 (continued on the following page) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 
 (amounts in thousands except share data) 
 2022 2021 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY Preferred stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: shares shares designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders' (deficit) equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 (amounts in thousands except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross (loss) profit ) Operating expenses: Product development Selling, general, and administrative Loss on impairment Restructuring ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other expenses: Interest expense Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan ) Other income ) ) Other expenses Loss from operations before income taxes ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted: Net loss Weighted average shares of common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Preferred Stock Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock option and stock purchase plans Common stock withheld in lieu of income tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Issuance of common stock and warrants Offering costs on issuance of common stock and warrants ) ) Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock upon the conversion from preferred stock ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock option and stock purchase plans Issuance of common stock and warrants Offering costs on issuance of common stock and warrants ) ) Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of warrants Stock-based compensation Stock issued in exchange transactions Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Other income ) ) Capitalized interest on promissory notes payable Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan ) Depreciation Stock-based compensation Provision for doubtful accounts receivable Provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories Provision for warranties ) Amortization of loan discounts and origination fees Loss on impairment Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) Short-term deposits Prepaid and other assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Total adjustments ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants Proceeds from the exercise of warrants Offering costs paid on the issuance of common stock and warrants ) ) Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and purchases through employee stock purchase plan Common stock withheld in lieu of income tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) Payments on the 2021 Streeterville Note ) Proceeds from the 2021 Streeterville Note Proceeds from the 2022 Streeterville Note Proceeds from related party promissory notes payable Proceeds from promissory notes payable Payments for deferred financing costs ) ) Net payments on credit line borrowings - Credit Facilities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 48 

Table of Contents 

(continued on the following page) 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 Net increase in cash ) Cash, beginning of year Cash, end of year Supplemental information: Cash paid in year for interest Cash paid in year for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Debt-to-equity exchange transactions 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. 
 
 Less: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts ) ) ) Net Accounts Receivable 
 A disaggregation of product net sales is presented in Note 12, Product and Geographic Information. 
 
 million and at December 31, 2021, we had cash of million on deposit with financial institutions located in the United States. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and excess and obsolete inventory reserves of million as compared to 2021. 
 During 2021, we experienced global supply chain and logistics constraints, which impacted our inventory purchasing strategy, leading to a buildup of inventory and inventory components in an effort to manage both shortages of available components and longer lead times in obtaining components. This resulted in a net increase of our gross inventory levels of million. We had an increase of excess inventory reserves of million as compared to 2020. Adjustments to our estimates, such as forecasted sales and expected product lifecycles, could harm our operating results and financial position. Please refer to Note 5, Inventories, for additional information. 
 days from the date of shipment, and we do not generally offer extended payment terms to our customers, but exceptions are made in some cases to major customers or with particular orders. Accordingly, we do not adjust trade accounts receivable for the effects of financing, as we expect the period between the transfer of product to the customer and the receipt of payment from the customer to be in line with our standard payment terms. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years) for financial reporting purposes. Accelerated methods of depreciation are used for federal income tax purposes. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 6, Property and Equipment, for additional information. 
 Refer to Note 6, Property and Equipment, for additional information. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 As a result of the net loss we incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022, convertible preferred stock representing approximately thousand shares of common stock were excluded from the basic loss per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. We determined the exercise price of the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to be nominal and, as such, have considered the approximately shares underlying them, for the purposes of calculating basic EPS. The June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants were all exercised in July 2022. 
 As a result of the net loss we incurred for the year ended December 31, 2021, options, warrants and convertible preferred stock representing approximately thousand, thousand and thousand shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded from the basic loss per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. We determined the exercise price of the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants to be nominal and, as such, have considered the approximately thousand shares underlying them to be outstanding effective December 31, 2021, for the purposes of calculating basic EPS. 
 
 Advertising expenses were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 . product was sold in 2020 with a warranty. Warranty settlement costs consist of actual amounts expensed for warranty, which are largely a result of the cost of replacement products provided to our customers. A liability for the estimated future costs under product warranties is maintained for products under warranty based on the actual claims incurred to date and the estimated nature, frequency, and costs of future claims. contract that expired in 2022 held a warranty of years and this is driving the downward adjustment to existing warranties. These estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. We continuously review the assumptions related to the adequacy of our warranty reserve, including product failure rates, and make adjustments to the existing warranty liability when there are changes to these estimates or the underlying replacement product costs, or the warranty period expires. 
 Accruals for warranties issued ) Adjustments to existing warranties ) Settlements made during the year (in kind) Accrued warranty reserve at the end of the period 
 of net sales, with sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy accounting for approximately and sales to a regional commercial lighting retrofit company accounting for approximately of net sales. When sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy are combined with sales to shipbuilders for the U.S. Navy, total net sales of products for the U.S. Navy comprised approximately of net sales for the same period. In 2021, two customers accounted for of net sales, with sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy accounting for approximately and sales to a regional commercial lighting retrofit company accounting for approximately of net sales. When sales to our primary distributor for the U.S. Navy are combined with sales to shipbuilders for the U.S. Navy, total net sales of products for the U.S. Navy comprised approximately of net sales for the same period. 
 At December 31, 2022, a distributor to the U.S. Department of Defense accounted for of our net trade accounts receivable, when combined with our net trade accounts receivable to shipbuilders for the U.S. Navy, total net accounts receivable related to U.S. Navy sales is of total net accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, a distributor to the U.S. Department of Defense accounted for of our net trade accounts receivable and a shipbuilder for the U.S. Navy accounted for of our net trade accounts receivable. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We have certain vendors who individually represented 10 or more of our total expenditures, or whose net trade accounts payable balance individually represented 10 or more of our total net trade accounts payable, as follows: 
 One offshore supplier accounted for approximately of our total expenditures for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, this same offshore supplier accounted for approximately of our trade accounts payable balance. 
 One offshore supplier accounted for approximately of our total expenditures for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, this same offshore supplier accounted for approximately of our trade accounts payable balance. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 for the equipment lease and 16.96 for the real estate lease, which was the Company s blended borrowing rate (including interest, annual facility fees, collateral management fees, bank fees and other miscellaneous lender fees) on its revolving lines of credit. The present value of the remaining lease obligation was calculated using an incremental borrowing rate of (which excludes the annual facility fee and other lender fees), which was the Company s borrowing rate on its revolving lines of credit at the time the leases were entered into. The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases is years. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) Lease cost Operating lease cost, net Restructured lease cost (income) Sub-lease income ) Lease cost Restructured lease income, net ) Finance lease cost Interest of lease liabilities Finance lease cost, net Total lease cost, net 

Operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Property and equipment Allowances for depreciation ) ) Finance lease assets, net Finance lease liabilities Total finance lease liabilities 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Jan 2024 to Dec 2024 Jan 2025 to Dec 2025 Jan 2026 to Dec 2026 Jan 2027 to Dec 2027 Total future undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease obligations 
 Operating cash flows from restructured leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 4. 
 million and million, respectively, and total cash used in operating activities of million and million, respectively, we determined that substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern continues to exist at December 31, 2022. 
 As a result of the restructuring actions and initiatives described in Note 1, we have tailored our operating expenses to be more in line with our expected sales volumes, however, we continue to incur losses and have a substantial accumulated deficit, and substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern continues to exist at December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, global supply chain and logistics constraints are impacting our inventory purchasing strategy, as we seek to manage both shortages of available components and longer lead times in obtaining components while balancing the development and implementation of an inventory reduction plan. Disruptions in global logistics networks are also impacting our lead times and ability to efficiently and cost-effectively transport products from our third-party suppliers to our facility. As a result, we will continue to review and pursue selected external funding sources to ensure adequate financial resources to execute across the timelines required to achieve these objectives including, but not limited to, the following: 
 obtaining financing from traditional or non-traditional investment capital organizations or individuals; 
 obtaining funding from the sale of our common stock or other equity or debt instruments; and 
 obtaining debt financing with lending terms that more closely match our business model and capital needs. 
 There can be no assurance that we will obtain funding on acceptable terms, in a timely fashion, or at all. Obtaining additional funding contains risks, including: 
 additional equity financing may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, particularly in light of the current price of our common stock, and any equity we are able to issue could lead to dilution for current stockholders and have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock; 
 loans or other debt instruments may have terms or conditions, such as interest rate, restrictive covenants, conversion features, refinancing demands, and control or revocation provisions, which are not acceptable to management or our Board of Directors; and 
 the current environment in the capital markets and volatile interest rates, combined with our capital constraints, may prevent us from being able to obtain adequate debt financing. 
 Along with the new additions to our Board of Directors, we hired a permanent Chief Executive Officer in September 2022, following a period of interim leadership by our Lead Independent Director after the departure of our previous Chief Executive Officer in February 2022 and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer in May 2022. 
 Considering both quantitative and qualitative information, we continue to believe that the combination of our plans to ensure adequate external funding, timely re-organizational actions, current financial position, liquid resources, obligations due or anticipated within the next year, development and implementation of an excess inventory reduction plan, plans and initiatives in our research and development, product development and sales and marketing, and development of potential channel partnerships, if adequately executed, could provide us with an ability to finance our operations through the next twelve months and may mitigate the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 On December 21, 2021, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications staff (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying us that, as a result of the resignation of a director, as previously disclosed, from the Board of Directors and the Audit and Finance Committee, we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605, which requires that our Audit and Finance Committee be comprised of at least three directors, all of whom are independent pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq and applicable law. The notification letter had no immediate effect on our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The letter further provided that, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(4), we were entitled to a cure period to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605. On February 24, 2022, we announced the appointment of two additional independent directors, one of which, was appointed to fill the vacancy on the Audit and Finance Committee, bringing us into compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605. 
 On August 23, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that we are not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ), because the closing bid price for our common stock was below the minimum per share for consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until February 20, 2023, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. During the initial compliance period, our common stock continued to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, but did not satisfy the Bid Price Rule. On February 21, 2023, we received written notification (the Notification from the Staff stating that we had not regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule and 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Stockholders Equity initial listing requirement as of September 30, 2022. Pursuant to the Notification, our common stock is subject to delisting from Nasdaq pending our opportunity to request a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Company intends to diligently pursue an appeal of the Notification before the Panel and regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. Under Nasdaq rules, the delisting of our common stock will be stayed during the pendency of the appeal and during such time, our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. If we had not requested a hearing before the Panel by February 28, 2023, our common stock would have been scheduled for delisting at the opening of business on March 2, 2023. On February 24, 2023, we submitted our request for an appeal before the Panel. There can be no assurance that such appeal will be successful or that we will be able to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule or maintain compliance with other Nasdaq listing requirements. If our appeal is denied or if we fail to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards during any period granted by the Panel, our common stock will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. 
 On November 16, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that we were no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires listed companies to maintain stockholders equity of at least million if they do not meet the alternative compliance standards relating to the market value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations (the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule ). Our Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 10, 2022 reflected that our stockholders equity as of September 30, 2022 was million. Based on our timely submission of our plan to regain compliance, Nasdaq granted us an extension through May 15, 2023 to regain compliance with the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 5. 
 Finished goods Reserve for excess, obsolete, and slow-moving inventories ) ) Inventories, net 
 The following is a roll-forward of the reserves for excess, obsolete, and slow-moving inventories (in thousands): 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 Beginning balance ) ) Accrual ) ) Reduction due to sold inventory Write-off for disposed inventory Reserves for excess, obsolete, and slow-moving inventories ) ) 
 As part of our expense reduction initiatives, we significantly decreased our warehouse space beginning in the third quarter of 2022. In connection with the space reduction, in the second quarter of 2022, we began disposing of a substantial portion of our excess and obsolete commercial finished goods inventory that was highly reserved, which effort continued into the fourth quarter of 2022. The scraping of inventory primarily drove the decrease in excess inventory reserves of million as compared to 2021. We also focused on selling down inventory on hand and limited inventory and component purchases to top selling products with expected higher turnover. This resulted in a net decrease of our gross inventory levels of million. 
 
 We experienced significant global supply chain and logistics constraints during 2021, which impacted our inventory purchasing strategy, leading to a buildup of inventory and inventory components in an effort to manage both shortages of available components and longer lead times in obtaining components. This resulted in a net increase of our gross inventory levels of million and excess inventory reserves of million as compared to 2020. 
 
 . 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 6. 
 - years) 
 Tooling (useful life - years) 
 Vehicles (useful life years) 
 Furniture and fixtures (useful life years) 
 Computer software (useful life years) 
 Leasehold improvements (the shorter of useful life or lease life) Finance lease right-of-use asset UV - Robots (useful life years) 
 Construction in progress Property and equipment at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the third quarter of 2022 it was determined that the mUVeTM ultraviolet-C light disinfection robots were no longer of use and the net book value of thousand was recorded as a loss on impairment of fixed assets. During the fourth quarter, impairment charges totaling thousand were recorded, which primarily relates to other assets disposed or otherwise abandoned following a review by management. Impairment charges were based on level 3 inputs, including estimated residual or sale value to market participants, in determining fair value. As impaired assets relate primarily to the Company and/or its discontinued products, management determined fair value was insignificant. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss of thousand on the impairment of fixed assets. such loss was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 Prepaid expenses Prepaid rent Short-term deposits - non-inventory Other Total prepaid and other current assets 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 debt financing arrangements (together, the Credit Facilities that allowed for expanded borrowing capacity at a lower blended borrowing cost. The first arrangement is an inventory financing facility (the Inventory Facility pursuant to the Loan and Security Agreement (the Inventory Loan Agreement between the Company and Crossroads Financial Group, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (the IF Lender ). Borrowings under the Inventory Facility are permitted up to the lower of (i) million, which was subsequently increased to million in April 2022 and reduced to thousand in January 2023 as described below, and (ii) a borrowing base determined from time to time based on the value of the Company s eligible inventory, valued at of inventory costs or of the inventory net orderly liquidation value, less the availability reserves. On January 18, 2023, the Company and the IF Lender entered into an 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and (ii) plus the three-month LIBOR rate and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) and is also subject to a service fee of per month. The annualized interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which includes interest fees, the annual facility fee, bank fees and other miscellaneous lender fees, was and , respectively. The Inventory Facility s interest and service fees combined amount is subject to a minimum monthly fee of thousand. There would be no breakage fee for the Company for the Inventory Facility if the Company were to refinance it with an American Bankers Association ABA equivalent institution. The Inventory Facility is secured by substantially all of the present and future assets of the Company and is also governed by an intercreditor agreement among the Company, the IF Lender and the RF Lender (defined below). The Inventory Facility would have matured on August 11, 2023, subject to early termination upon 90 days notice and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Inventory Loan Agreement. 
 The second arrangement is a receivables financing facility (the Receivables Facility pursuant to the Loan and Security Agreement (the Receivables Loan Agreement between the Company and Factors Southwest L.L.C. (d/b/a FSW Funding), an Arizona limited liability company (the RF Lender ). Borrowings under the Receivables Facility are permitted up to the lower of (i) million or (ii) a borrowing base determined from time to time based on the value of the Company s eligible accounts receivable, valued at of the face value of such accounts receivable, less availability reserves, if any. On February 7, 2023, the Company completed the termination of its Receivables Facility. Please refer to Note 15, Subsequent Events for further detail. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the terms of the Receivables Facility were as follows. Interest on outstanding indebtedness under the Receivables Facility accrues at an annual rate equal to (i) the highest prime rate announced from time to time by the Wall Street Journal and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) plus (ii) . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the annualized interest rate, which includes interest fees and the annual facility fee, was and , respectively. The annualized interest rate on the collateral management fee was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Receivables Facility is also secured by substantially all of the present and future assets of the Company and is also governed by an intercreditor agreement among the Company, the IF Lender and the RF Lender. A thousand, or , facility fee was charged at closing. There would be no breakage fee for the Company for the Receivables Facility if the Company were to refinance it with an ABA equivalent institution. 
 Borrowings under the Inventory Facility were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Borrowings under the Receivables Facility were less than million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Borrowings under the Credit Facilities are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as a current liability under the caption Credit line borrowings, net of origination fees. Outstanding balances include unamortized net issuance costs totaling thousand and thousand for the Inventory Facility and thousand and thousand for the Receivables Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Promissory Notes 
 During the third and fourth quarters of the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into short-term unsecured promissory notes (the 2022 Promissory Notes with Mei-Yun (Gina) Huang, Jay Huang, and Tingyu Lin. Ms. Huang is a member of the Company s Board of Directors and Jay Huang became a member of the Board of Directors in January 2023. The total liability for the 2022 Promissory Notes was million at December 31, 2022. All of the 2022 Promissory Notes were exchanged for common stock on January 17, 2023. Please refer to Note 14, Related Party Transactions and Note 15, Subsequent Events for further detail. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 months months months months months months months Principal amount Maturity date June 16, 2023 July 25, 2023 August 4, 2023 August 9, 2023 September 6, 2023 September 21, 2023 September 30, 2023 Interest rate Default interest rate Outstanding Amount 
 Streeterville Notes 
 2022 Streeterville Note 
 On April 21, 2022, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC Streeterville pursuant to which we sold and issued to Streeterville a promissory note in the principal amount of approximately million (the 2022 Streeterville Note ). The 2022 Streeterville Note was issued with an original issue discount of thousand and Streeterville paid a purchase price of approximately million for the 2022 Streeterville Note, from which the Company paid thousand to Streeterville for Streeterville s transaction expenses. 
 The 2022 Streeterville Note had an original maturity date of April 21, 2024, and accrues interest at per annum, compounded daily, on the outstanding balance. On January 17, 2023, we agreed with Streeterville to restructure and pay down the 2022 Streeterville Note and extend its maturity date to December 1, 2024. We agreed to make payments to reduce the outstanding amounts of the 2022 Streeterville Note of thousand by January 20, 2023 (which amount has been paid) and thousand by July 14, 2023. Streeterville agreed to extend the term of the 2022 Streeterville Note through December 1, 2024, and beginning January 1, 2024, we will make twelve monthly repayments of approximately thousand each. We have the right to prepay any of the scheduled repayments at any time or from time to time without additional penalty or fees. Provided we make all payments as scheduled or earlier, the 2022 Streeterville Note will be deemed paid in full and shall automatically be deemed canceled. Please refer to Note 15, Subsequent Events for further detail. 
 The total liability for the 2022 Streeterville Note, net of discount and financing fees, was million at December 31, 2022. 
 In the event our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, the amount outstanding under the 2022 Streeterville Note will automatically increase by as of the date of such delisting. 
 2021 Streeterville Note 
 On April 27, 2021, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville pursuant to which we sold and issued to Streeterville a promissory note in the principal amount of approximately million (the 2021 Streeterville Note ). The 2021 Streeterville Note was issued with an original issue discount of thousand and Streeterville paid a purchase price of million for the 2021 Streeterville Note, after deduction of thousand of Streeterville s transaction expenses. The 2021 Streeterville Note had a maturity date of April 27, 2023, and accrued interest at per annum, compounded daily, on the outstanding balance. 
 Beginning on November 1, 2021, Streeterville could require the Company to redeem up to thousand of the 2021 Streeterville Note in any calendar month. The Company had the right on occasions to defer all redemptions that Streeterville could otherwise require the Company to make during any calendar month. Each exercise of this deferral right by the Company increased the amount outstanding under the Streeterville Note by . The Company exercised this right twice during the fourth quarter of 2021, once during the second quarter of 2022 and once during the third quarter of 2022. The Company and Streeterville agreed to exchange common stock, priced at-the-market, for the required redemptions in October 2022 and December 2022, totaling thousand converted to equity. These exchanges satisfied the redemption notices provided by Streeterville, and following the December 2022 exchange, the 2021 Streeterville Note was paid in full. We wrote off thousand in remaining original issue discount costs at that time. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million at December 31, 2021. Unamortized loan discount and debt issuance costs were thousand at December 31, 2021. 
 PPP Loan 
 On April 17, 2020, the Company was granted a loan from KeyBank National Association KeyBank in the amount of approximately thousand, pursuant to the PPP under Division A of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was enacted on March 27, 2020. The funds were received on April 20, 2020 and accrued interest at a rate of per annum. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. The entire principal balance and interest were forgiven by the Small Business Administration on February 11, 2021. The thousand forgiveness income was recorded as other income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 9. 
 
 million in outstanding purchase commitments for inventory, of which the majority is expected to ship in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of per share. We also sold to the same institutional investors (i) June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. In connection with the June 2022 Private Placement, we paid the placement agent commissions of thousand, plus thousand in expenses, and we also paid legal, accounting and other fees of thousand. Total offering costs of thousand have been presented as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and have been netted within equity in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Net proceeds to us from the June 2022 Private Placement were approximately million. We determined the exercise price of the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to be nominal and, as such, have considered the shares underlying them to be outstanding effective June 7, 2022, for purposes of calculating net loss per share. 
 In July 2022, all of the June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised. As of December 31, 2022, June 2022 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock remained outstanding, with an exercise price of per share. The exercise of the remaining June 2022 Warrants outstanding could provide us with cash proceeds of up to million in the aggregate. 
 December 2021 Private Placement 
 In December 2021, we completed the December 2021 Private Placement with certain institutional investors for the sale of shares of our common stock at a purchase price of per share. We also sold to the same institutional investors (i) December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and (ii) warrants (collectively with the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants, the December 2021 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. We paid the placement agent commission of thousand plus thousand in expenses in connection with the December 2021 Private Placement and we also paid legal, accounting and other fees of thousand related to the December 2021 Private Placement. Total offering costs of thousand have been presented as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and have been netted within equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. Net proceeds from the December 2021 Private Placement were approximately million. We determined the exercise price of the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants to be nominal and, as such, have considered the shares underlying them to be outstanding effective December 16, 2021, for the purposes of calculating basic EPS. 
 In January 2022, all of the December 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised. As of December 31, 2022, December 2021 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock remained outstanding, with an exercise price of 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in the aggregate. 
 June 2021 Equity Offering 
 In June 2021, we completed a registered direct offering of shares of our common stock to certain institutional investors, at a purchase price of per share. We paid the placement agent commissions of thousand, plus thousand in expenses, in connection with the June 2021 Equity Offering and we also paid legal and other fees of thousand related to the offering. Total offering costs of thousand have been presented as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and have been netted within equity in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. Net proceeds to us from the June 2021 Equity Offering were approximately million. 
 January 2020 Equity Offering 
 In January 2020, we completed the January 2020 Equity Offering, pursuant to which we issued the January 2020 Warrants. January 2020 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, with a weighted average exercise price of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, January 2020 Warrants issued were exercised and did t result in any proceeds. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, January 2020 Warrants were exercised, resulting in total proceeds of thousand. The exercise of the remaining January 2020 Warrants outstanding could provide us with cash proceeds of up to thousand in the aggregate. 
 January 13, 2025 Placement Agent Warrants January 13, 2025 
 Preferred Stock 
 On March 29, 2019 we issued million aggregate principal amount of subordinated convertible promissory notes (the Convertible Notes to certain investors in a private placement exempt from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Convertible Notes had a maturity date of December 31, 2021 and bore interest at a rate of per annum until June 30, 2019 and at a rate of thereafter. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Notes, on January 16, 2020, following approval by our stockholders of certain amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation, the principal amount of all of the Convertible Notes and the accumulated interest thereon at the date of conversion (totaling million) were converted at a conversion price of per share into an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, which is convertible on a one-for-five basis into shares of our common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock that was converted in 2021 was held by a Schedule 13D ownership group (under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-5 promulgated thereunder) that includes Fusion Park LLC Fusion Park and 5 Elements Global Fund L.P. (controlled affiliates of James Tu, the Company's former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and former member of the Board of Directors), as well as Brilliant Start Enterprise Inc. Brilliant Start and Jag International Ltd. (controlled affiliates of Gina Huang, a current member of the Company's Board of Directors). Upon conversion of their respective shares of Series A Preferred Stock in 2021, Fusion Park and Brilliant Start received and shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock was created by the filing of the Original Series A Certificate of Designation. On January 15, 2020 with prior stockholder approval, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of preferred stock to . The Original Series A Certificate of Designation was also amended on January 15, 2020, to increase the number of shares of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock to (the Original Series A Certificate of Designation, as so amended, the Series A Certificate of Designation ). 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the number of shares of common stock into which such share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock (a) has a preference upon liquidation equal to per share and then participates on an as-converted basis with the common stock with respect to any additional distributions, (b) shall receive any dividends declared and payable on our common stock on an as-converted basis, and (c) is convertible at the option of the holder into shares of our common stock on a one-for-five basis. On March 29, 2019, the Company also filed a Certificate of Elimination with respect to its authorized, but unissued, Series A Participating Preferred Stock, to return such shares to the status of undesignated preferred stock available for designation as Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The purchase agreement related to the Convertible Notes contained customary representations and warranties and provided for resale registration rights with respect to the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 On March 18, 2020, our Board of Directors approved the Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan was approved by the stockholders at our annual meeting on September 17, 2020, after which no further awards could be issued under the Energy Focus, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). The 2020 Plan initially allows for awards up to shares of common stock and expires on September 17, 2030. On June 22, 2022, the stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2020 Plan that increased the shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan by an additional shares. At December 31, 2022, shares remain available to grant under the 2020 Plan. 
 
 Effective September 12, 2022, as a material inducement to our Chief Executive Officer s acceptance of employment, we granted her an initial stock option award to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (the Inducement Option Award ), which Inducement Option Award will generally vest over a four-year period, with 25 generally vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the remainder generally vesting in substantially equal monthly installments for 36 months thereafter. The Inducement Option Award, which was intended to be an inducement award under Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Stock Market Listing Rules, was effective on September 12, 2022 and has a per share exercise price equal to the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock on such date. 
 
 We have awards outstanding pursuant to the 2014 Plan and one other historical equity-based compensation plan, however no new awards may be granted under these plans. Generally, stock options are granted at fair market value and expire from the grant date. Employee grants generally vest in three or , while grants to non-employee directors generally vest in . The specific terms of each grant are determined by our Board of Directors. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is attributable to stock options and restricted stock unit awards. For all stock-based awards, we recognize compensation expense using a straight-line amortization method. 
 Product development Selling, general, and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had unearned stock compensation expense of million and million, respectively. These costs will be charged to expense and amortized on a straight-line basis in subsequent periods. The remaining weighted average period over which the unearned compensation is expected to be amortized was approximately years as of December 31, 2022 and years as of December 31, 2021. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Exercise price Expected life of option (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 We utilize the simplified method as provided by ASC 718-10 to calculate the expected stock option life. Under ASC 718-10, the expected stock option life is based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term of the stock option award. The use of this simplified method in place of using the actual historical exercise data is allowed when a stock option award meets all of the following criteria: the exercise price of the stock option equals the stock price on the date of grant; the exercisability of the stock option is only conditional upon completing the service requirement through the vesting date; employees who terminate their service prior to the vesting date forfeit their stock options; employees who terminate their service after vesting are granted a limited time period to exercise their stock options; and the stock options are nontransferable and non-hedgeable. We believe that our stock option awards meet all of these criteria. The estimated expected life of the option is calculated based on contractual life of the option, the vesting life of the option, and historical exercise patterns of vested options. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected life of the option. The volatility estimates are calculated using historical volatility of our stock price calculated over a period of time representative of the expected life of the option. We have not paid dividends in the past, and do not expect to pay dividends over the corresponding expected term as of the grant date. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , and vesting periods between one and . 
 Granted Cancelled ) Expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Cancelled ) Expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The Expected to Vest options are the unvested options that remain after applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumption to total unvested options. options were exercised during 2022 and options were exercised during 2021. All outstanding equity awards were out of the money as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 from the grant date. In 2020, we began issuing restricted stock units to certain employees and non-employee Directors under the 2020 Plan with vesting periods ranging from one to . 
 Granted Vested ) At December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) At December 31, 2022 
 Employee stock purchase plans 
 In September 2013, our stockholders approved the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2013 Plan to replace the 1994 prior purchase plan. A total of shares of common stock were provided for issuance under the 2013 Plan. The 2013 Plan permits eligible employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to the lower of percent of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning or end of the offering period. Employees may end their participation at any time during the offering period, and participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with us. During 2022 and 2021, employees purchased and shares, respectively. At December 31, 2022, shares remained available for purchase under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 ) Deferred: U.S. Federal Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 State taxes (net of federal tax benefit) Valuation allowance ) ) Other ) 
 Right-of-use-asset ) ) Lease liabilities Tax credits, deferred R D, and other Net operating loss Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 In 2022, our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate due to an increase in the valuation allowance as a result of the million additional federal net operating loss we recognized for the year. In 2021, our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate due to an increase in the valuation allowance of the million additional federal net operating loss we recognized for the year. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards NOLs of approximately million for federal income tax purposes million for state and local income tax purposes). However, due to changes in our capital structure, approximately million of the million is available after the application of IRC Section 382 limitations. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Job Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ), NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 can only offset 80 of taxable income. These NOLs can no longer be carried back, but they can be carried forward indefinitely. The million and million in federal net operating losses generated in December 31, 2022 and 2021 will be subject to the new limitations under the Tax Act. If not utilized, the NOLs generated prior to December 31, 2017 of million will begin to expire in 2024 for federal purposes and have begun to expire for state and local purposes. 
 Since we believe it is more likely than not that the benefit from NOLs will not be realized, we have provided a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had net deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2022 or 2021, respectively. In 2021, we recognized various states tax benefits as a result of the adjustment from the 2020 provision to the actual tax on the 2020 returns that were filed in 2020. 
 The CARES Act was enacted on March 27, 2020 and the Consolidated Appropriations Act (the Relief Act was enacted on December 27, 2020 in the United States. The key provisions of the CARES Act and the Relief Act, as applicable to the Company, include the following: 
 The ability to use NOLs to offset income without the 80 taxable income limitation enacted as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA of 2017, and to carry back NOLs to offset prior year income for five years. These are temporary provisions that apply to NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019 or 2020 tax years. We did not recognize any tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to our ability to carry back prior year losses, as well as projected current year losses, under the CARES Act to years with the previous 35 tax rate. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 thousand of payroll taxes previously deferred from the year ended December 21, 2021. 
 The ability to claim an Employee Retention Tax Credit ERTC ), which is a refundable payroll tax credit, subject to certain limitations. Refer to Note 13, Other Income for details. 
 thousand in PPP loans, which were forgiven in 2021. The CARES Act provides that the loan forgiveness is tax-exempt for federal purposes. Refer to Note 8, Debt for details. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 MMM products Total net sales 
 International Total net sales 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately of our long-lived assets, which consist of property and equipment, were located in the United States. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 thousand, and we amended our filing for the second quarter of 2021, for which we expect to receive an additional refund of approximately thousand. These amounts are recorded as other income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2021, and the thousand expected receivable is included as a receivable for claimed ERTC in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 PPP Loan 
 On April 17, 2020, the Company was granted a loan from KeyBank in the amount of approximately thousand, pursuant to the PPP under the CARES Act, which was enacted on March 27, 2020. The funds were received on April 20, 2020 and accrued interest at a rate of per annum. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. The entire principal balance and interest were forgiven by the SBA on February 11, 2021. The thousand forgiveness income was recorded as other income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 thousand and thousand, respectively. Please refer to Note 8, Debt for further detail. 
 During the third and fourth quarters of the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 2022 Promissory Notes for an aggregate principal amount of to Jay Huang. Mr. Huang became a member of the Board of Directors in January 2023. Please refer to Note 8, Debt and Note 15, Subsequent Events, for further detail. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 15. 
 shares of the Company s common stock, for a purchase price of per share. On January 10, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Ms. Huang, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement shares of the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share. On February 24, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Ms. Huang, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement shares of the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share 
 
 Aggregate gross proceeds to the Company in respect of these private placements to Ms. Huang are thousand, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Each of the private placements to Ms. Huang was priced at fair market value under the Nasdaq rules. The issuance and sale of the shares pursuant to the purchase agreements with Ms. Huang are not being registered under the Securities Act, and were made pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Sander Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Sander Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers associated with Sander Electronics, Inc. (the Sander Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell in a private placement (the Sander Private Placement an aggregate of shares (the Sander Shares of the Company s common stock, for a purchase price per share of . Consideration for the transaction included exchange of approximately in the aggregate of outstanding amounts on previous short-term bridge financings. 
 
 Aggregate gross proceeds to the Company in respect of the Sander Private Placement is approximately million, before immaterial offering expenses payable by the Company. The Sander Private Placement closed on January 20, 2023. 
 
 The Sander Private Placement was priced at-the-market under the Nasdaq rules. The issuance and sale of the Sander Shares pursuant to the Sander Purchase Agreement are not being registered under the Securities Act, and were made pursuant to certain exemptions from registration, including Sections 3(a)(9) and 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder, in reliance on the representations and covenants of the Sander Purchasers under the Sander Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to the Sander Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to increase the size of the Board of Directors to eight members and to appoint each of Jay Huang and Wen-Jeng Chang as a director for a term expiring at the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders or his earlier resignation, death or removal in accordance with the Company s bylaws. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, in connection with the Sander Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with each of the Sander Purchasers. 
 
 Exchange Agreement 
 
 As discussed in Note 8, Debt, on September 16, 2022 and November 9, 2022 the Company sold and issued to Mei Yun (Gina) Huang, a member of the Board of Directors, 2022 Promissory Notes totaling an aggregate principal amount of . On January 17, 2023, the Company and Ms. Huang entered into exchange agreements (the Exchange Agreements with respect to the 2022 Promissory Notes, pursuant to which the Company and Ms. Huang agreed to exchange (the Exchanges the approximately aggregate outstanding amounts under the 2022 Promissory Notes for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Exchange Shares at a price per share of . 
 The Exchanges were priced at fair market value under the Nasdaq rules. The Exchanges of the Exchange Shares pursuant to the Exchange Agreements are not being registered under the Securities Act, and were effected pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. 
 Second Amendment to Inventory Facility 
 
 On January 18, 2023, the Company and Crossroads entered into a Second Amendment to the Inventory Loan Agreement (the Crossroads Amendment to restructure and pay down the Inventory Facility. The Crossroads Amendment provides that the Company will make payments to reduce the outstanding obligations under the Inventory Facility of by January 20, 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 by February 15, 2023. The Company also agreed to make monthly payments of approximately towards the remaining outstanding obligations under the Inventory Facility, and to reduce the maximum amount that may be available to the Company under the Inventory Facility from to , subject to the borrowing base as set forth in the Inventory Loan Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to the Crossroads Amendment, Crossroads and the Company also agreed to extend the Inventory Facility s current term through December 31, 2023, while eliminating the minimum borrowing amount and unused line fees and reducing the monthly service fee to a lower, fixed amount. The Company also agreed to a slightly increased interest rate, which was more than offset by the reduction in the monthly service fees. Pursuant to the Crossroads Amendment, the interest rate on borrowings under the Inventory Facility is now a per annum rate equal to (i) the Three Month Libor rate plus (currently per annum) or (ii) at Crossroads discretion, an alternative reference rate, SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate), plus (currently per annum). 
 
 The foregoing summary description of the Crossroads Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Crossroads Amendment, which is filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Amendment to 2022 Streeterville Note 
 
 On April 21, 2022, the Company sold and issued to Streeterville the 2022 Streeterville Note. On January 17, 2023, the Company and Streeterville entered into an Amendment to Promissory Note (the Streeterville Amendment to restructure and pay down the 2022 Streeterville Note. 
 
 Pursuant to the Streeterville Amendment, the Company agreed to make payments to reduce the outstanding amounts of the 2022 Streeterville Note of by January 20, 2023 (which amount the Company has paid) and by July 14, 2023. Streeterville agreed to extend the term of the 2022 Streeterville Note through December 1, 2024, and beginning January 1, 2024, the Company will make twelve monthly repayments of approximately each. The Company will have the right to prepay any of the scheduled repayments at any time or from time to time without additional penalty or fees. Provided the Company makes all payments as scheduled or earlier, the 2022 Streeterville Note will be deemed paid in full and shall automatically be deemed canceled. 
 
 Termination of Receivables Facility 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company terminated the Receivables Facility pursuant to the Receivables Loan between the Company and FSW Funding. All outstanding amounts under the Receivables Facility had been repaid prior to termination, and there were no prepayment fees in connection with termination. The Receivables Facility was secured by substantially all of the present and future assets of the Company and was subject to an intercreditor agreement with the Company s inventory lending facility lender, which intercreditor agreement was also terminated. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 16. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Gross (loss) profit ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders (basic and diluted): Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per common share (basic and diluted) 
 2021 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Net sales Gross (loss) profit Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders (basic and diluted): Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per common share (basic and diluted) 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management must evaluate, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Management, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer, did evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s report on internal controls over financial reporting 
 Management of Energy Focus, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework ). 
 An effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and circumvention or overriding of controls; therefore, it can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Furthermore, effectiveness of an internal control system in future periods cannot be guaranteed, because the design of any system of internal controls is based in part upon assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any control design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, certain controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. As such, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Based upon our evaluation under the COSO framework as of December 31, 2022, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Except as set forth in Part I, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 will appear in the definitive Energy Focus, Inc. Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about June 15, 2023, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K (other than the portions thereof not deemed to be filed for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) (1) Financial statements 
 The financial statements required by this Item 15(a)(1) are set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 
 (2) Financial statement schedules 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is set forth below. All other schedules are omitted either because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes. 
 Inventory reserves Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts and returns Inventory reserves Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description of Documents 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed May 1, 2006). 
 79 

Table of Contents 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020). 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 9, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020). 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 28, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020). 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 16, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014). 3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 24, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2015). 3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020). 3.8 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2019). 3.9 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 30, 2019). 3.10 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Energy Focus, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020). 3.11 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2020). 3.12 
 Bylaws of Energy Focus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2020). 3.13 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger, Merging Energy Focus, Inc., a Delaware corporation, into Fiberstars, Ind. a Delaware corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 4, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2007). 4.1 
 Description of Securities of Energy Focus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020). 4.2 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2020). 4.3 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2020). 4.4 
 Form of Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2021). 4.5 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2021). 4.6 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022). 10.1 
 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF14A filed on August 16, 2013). 10.2 
 2008 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Appendix B to the Registrant s Preliminary Proxy Statement on Form PRER14A filed on June 8, 2012). 10.3 
 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2018). 10.4 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement to Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014). 10.5 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement to Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014). 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement to Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014). 10.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement to Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2018). 10.8 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement to Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014). 
 80 

Table of Contents 

10.9 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant for 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2013). 10.1 0 
 Energy Focus, Inc. Executive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2019). 10.11 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2020, between the Company and each purchaser named in the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2020). 10.12 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2020, by and between the Company and Crossroads Financial Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2020). 10. 13 
 Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 10. 14 
 Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 10. 15 
 Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 10. 16 
 Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 10. 17 
 Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 10.18 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dates as of April 20, 2021 by and between the Company and Crossroads Financial Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2021). 10. 19 ## 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, between the Company and each purchaser named in the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2021). 10.20 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, between the Company and each purchaser named in the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2021). 10.21 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2022 by and between the Company and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2022). 10.22 
 Promissory Note, dated as of April 21, 2022 by and between the Company and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2022). 10.23 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022 by and between the Company and Certain Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022). 10.24 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of June 3, 2022 by and between the Company and Certain Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022). 10.25 
 Amended and Restated Energy Focus, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, dated as of June 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2022). 10.26 
 Chief Executive Officer Offer Letter dated September 6, 2022 between Lesley A. Matt and Energy Focus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2022). 10.27 
 Promissory Note, dated as of September 16, 2022, by and between the Company and Mei-Yun Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 10.28 
 Promissory Note, dated as of October 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Jay Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2022). 10.29 
 Promissory Note, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and between the Company and Jay Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2022). 10.30 
 Promissory Note, dated as of November 9, 2022, by and between the Company and Mei-Yun Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2022). 10.31 
 Promissory Note, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and between the Company and Jay Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022). 10.32 
 Promissory Note, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between the Company and Jay Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022). 10.33 
 Promissory Note, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Tingyu Lin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023). 10.34 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2023, between the Company and Mei Yun Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023). 10.35 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2023, between the Company and Mei Yun Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023). 10.36 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, between the Company and each purchaser named in the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023). 
 81 

Table of Contents 

10.37 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, between the Company and each purchaser named in the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023). 10.38 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, between the Company and Mei Yun (Gina) Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023). 10.39 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated January 18, 2023, between the Company and Crossroads Financial Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023). 10.40 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated January 17, 2023, between the Company and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023). 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed with this Report). 23.1 
 Consent of GBQ Partners, LLC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed with this Report). 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101+ The following financial information from Energy Focus, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Pursuant to Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act, or Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of these sections. + This exhibit will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. # Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). ## Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 
 ENERGY FOCUS, INC. Date: March 23, 2023 
 By: /s/ Lesley A. Matt Lesley A. Matt Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the date indicated: 
 Date Signature Title March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Chiao Chieh (Jay) Huang Chiao Chieh (Jay) Huang Director and Chairman of the Board March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Wen-Jeng Chang Wen-Jeng Chang Director March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Jennifer Y. Cheng Jennifer Y. Cheng Director March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Gina Huang (Mei Yun Huang) Gina Huang (Mei Yun Huang) Director March 23, 2023 
 /s/ K.R. Kaj den Daas K.R. Kaj den Daas Director March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Brian J. Lagarto Brian J. Lagarto Director March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffery R. Parker Jeffery R. Parker Director March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Stephen Socolof Stephen Socolof Director and Lead Independent Director 
 83 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex211-10xk123122.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Name Location Doing Business as 
 
 Energy Focus LED Solutions, LLC Solon, Ohio Energy Focus LED Solutions, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex231-10xk123122.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Energy Focus, Inc. 
 Solon, Ohio 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-237614), and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-265685, 333-261905 and 333-261906) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-249272, 333-219805, 333-206088, 333-197422, 333-193024, 333-184028 and 333-169274) of Energy Focus, Inc. (the Company of our report dated March 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appear in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 to which this consent is filed as an exhibit. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 s GBQ Partners, LLC 
 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex311-10xk123122.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Lesley A. Matt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Energy Focus, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 By 
 s Lesley A. Matt 
 Name 
 Lesley A. Matt 
 Title 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date March 23, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321-10xk123122.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Energy Focus, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Lesley A. Matt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Lesley A. Matt Lesley A. Matt Chief Executive Officer Date March 23, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Energy Focus, Inc. and will be retained by Energy Focus, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 efoi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 efoi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 efoi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 efoi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 efoi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

