<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1579733_0000950170-23-006950.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20756147</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>827817</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4135641</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9555698</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2254577</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3549809</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006950.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309142634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006950
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221225
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vital Farms, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579733
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				270496985
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1225

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39411
		FILM NUMBER:		23719262

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3601 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE C100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78704
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 455-3063

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3601 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE C100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78704

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006950.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 vitl-20221225.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrects are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s shares of common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on June 26, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter), was approximately million. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the Registrant for any other purpose. 
 As of March 6, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 44 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 46 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 88 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 88 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 89 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 89 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 89 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 89 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 90 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FO RWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our expectations regarding our revenue, expenses and other operating results; 

our ability to acquire new customers and successfully retain existing customers; 

our ability to attract and retain our suppliers, distributors and co-manufacturers; 

our ability to sustain or increase our profitability; 

our expectations regarding our future growth in the foodservice channel, including commercial and non-commercial foodservice business; 

our ability to procure sufficient high-quality eggs, butter, cream and other raw materials; 

real or perceived quality with our products or other issues that adversely affect our brand and reputation; 

changes in the tastes and preferences of our consumers; 

the financial condition of, and our relationships with, our suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, retailers and foodservice customers, as well as the health of the foodservice industry generally; 

the effects of outbreaks of agricultural diseases, such as avian influenza, or the perception that outbreaks may occur or regulatory or market responses to such outbreaks generally; 

the ability of our suppliers and co-manufacturers to comply with food safety, environmental or other laws or regulations; 

the effects of a public health pandemic or contagious disease, such as COVID-19, or fear of such outbreaks, on our supply chain, the demand for our products, and on overall economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending levels; 

the impact of the completed expansion of our Egg Central Station facility or future expansions of our processing capacity on our revenue; 

future investments in our business, our anticipated capital expenditures and our estimates regarding our capital requirements; 

anticipated changes in our product offerings and our ability to innovate to offer new products; 

our ability to successfully enter into new product categories; 

the costs and success of our marketing efforts, and our ability to promote our brand; 

our reliance on key personnel and our ability to identify, recruit and retain personnel; 

our ability to effectively manage our growth; 

the potential influence of our focus on a specific public benefit purpose and producing a positive effect for society; 

our environmental, sustainability and governance goals, opportunities and initiatives, as well as the standards and expectations of third parties regarding these matters; 

our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; 

the impact of adverse economic conditions, including as a result of unfavorable global economic and political conditions, increased interest rates and inflation; 

the sufficiency of our cash to meet our liquidity needs; 

seasonality; and 

the growth rates of the markets in which we compete. 

2 

You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and elsewhere in this Annual Report. A summary of selected risks associated with our business is set forth at the beginning of Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report. And while we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 
 3 

Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company: Bringing Ethical Food to the Table 
 Vital Farms is an ethically minded food company that is disrupting the U.S. food system. We have developed a framework that challenges the norms of the incumbent food model and allows us to bring high-quality products from our network of family farms to a national audience. This framework has enabled us to become the leading U.S. brand of pasture-raised eggs and the second largest U.S. egg brand by retail dollar sales. Our ethics are exemplified by our focus on animal welfare and sustainable farming practices. We believe our standards produce happy hens with varied diets, which produce better eggs. There is a seismic shift in consumer demand for natural, traceable, clean-label, great-tasting and nutritious foods. Supported by a steadfast adherence to the values on which we were founded, we have designed our brand and products to appeal to this consumer movement. 
 Our purpose is rooted in a commitment to Conscious Capitalism, which prioritizes the long-term benefits of each of our stakeholders (farmers and suppliers, customers and consumers, communities and the environment, employees, who we refer to as crew members, and stockholders). We make decisions based on what we believe is sustainable for all our stakeholders. Simply put, we will not be a sustainable business if our stakeholders are not sustainable as well. We believe our collective sustainable business practices will enable us to fulfill our purpose of improving the lives of people, animals and the planet through food, now and long into the future. For us, it is not about short-term outcomes or a trade-off between purpose and profit. We are fierce business competitors who believe that prioritizing the long-term viability of all stakeholders will produce stronger outcomes, for everyone, over time. Our approach has been validated by our financial performance and our initial designation and January 2022 recertification as a Certified B Corporation, a certification reserved for businesses that balance profit and purpose to meet the highest verified standards of social and environmental performance, public transparency and legal accountability. 
 Our Ethical Decision-Making Model 

Stakeholders 
 Guiding Principles 

Farmers and Suppliers 
 Forming strong relationships with our network of more than 300 family farms, who are the foundation of our resilient and reliable supply chain 

Customers and Consumers 
 Delivering the transparency and quality around food products that today's consumers demand 

Crew Members 
 Empowering our crew members by investing in their financial security, development and overall well-being 

Community and Environment 
 Investing in our community and being conscious stewards of the environment 

Stockholders 
 Building a sustainable company for the long term by delivering stockholder value 

4 

We have scaled our brand through our strong relationships with family farms and deliberate efforts to design and build the infrastructure to bring our products to a national audience. Today, with a network of more than 300 family farms, we believe we have set the national standard for pastured-raised eggs. We believe the success of our relationships with family farms and the efficiency of our supply chain provide us with a competitive advantage in the approximately 45 billion U.S. natural food and beverage industry, in which achieving reliable supply at a national scale can be challenging. In 2017, we opened Egg Central Station, a shell egg processing facility in Springfield, Missouri, which is centrally located within our network of family farms. Egg Central Station is capable of packing six million eggs per day and has achieved Safe Quality Food, or SQF, Level 3 certification, the highest level of such certification recognized by the Global Food Safety Initiative, or GFSI. In addition, Egg Central Station is the only egg facility, and, as of January 2020, we were one of only six companies (and ten sites) globally, to have received the Safe Quality Food Institute, or SQFI, Select Site certification, indicating that the site has voluntarily elected to undergo annual unannounced recertification audits by SQFI, the organization responsible for administering a global food safety and quality program known as the SQF Program. The design of Egg Central Station includes investments in support of each of our stakeholders, from our crew members (daylighting, climate control and slip resistant floors in the egg grading room), to the community and environment (consulting with the community before we built the facility, restoring native vegetation on the property, best-in-class stormwater management and the use of solar panels), to our customers and consumers (food safety and maintenance investments far beyond regulatory requirements). In April 2022, we completed expansion of Egg Central Station that nearly doubled its current square footage. We believe owning and operating this important element of our supply chain is a key differentiator and provides us with a competitive advantage, which we intend to continue to leverage to grow both our net revenue and gross margin. 
 Our loyal and growing consumer base has fueled the expansion of our brand from the natural channel to the mainstream channel and has facilitated our entry into the foodservice channel. As of December 2022, we offer 25 retail stock keeping units, or SKUs, through a multi-channel retail distribution network across more than 22,000 stores and an online shopping platform. Our products generate stronger velocities and, we believe, greater profitability per unit for our retail customers in key traffic-generating categories as compared to products offered by our competitors. We believe we have significant room for growth within the retail and, in the medium- to long-term, foodservice channels, and we believe that we can capture this opportunity by growing brand awareness and through new product innovation. We also believe there are incremental growth opportunities in additional distribution channels, including the convenience, drugstore, club, military and international markets, which we may access along with retail growth opportunities to enable us to continue our net revenue growth. 
 We have built a sustainable company founded on products that increasingly resonate with consumers. Our trusted brand and Conscious Capitalism-focused business model have resulted in significant growth. We have increased net revenue from 1.9 million in fiscal 2010 to 362.1 million in fiscal 2022, which represents a 54.9 compounded annual growth rate, or CAGR. Going forward, we believe the consumer movement away from factory farming practices will continue to fuel demand for our products. We believe these demands extend to the food industry and that consumers are recognizing the benefits of our egg and dairy products. Our management team is committed to ensuring our values remain aligned with those of our consumers while delivering stockholder value. 
 Evidence of our historical success in continuing to scale our business is shown in the graphics below. Dates refer to the fiscal years ended December 30, 2018, December 29, 2019, December 27, 2020, December 26, 2021, and December 25, 2022, respectively. 

Number of Stores 
 
 Net Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 

(thousands) 
 
 MM 
 
 MM 

Our History 
 Vital Farms was founded in 2007 on a 27-acre plot of land in Austin, Texas. Armed with a small flock of hens, the company maintained a strong belief that a varied diet and better animal welfare practices would lead to superior eggs. Our first sales came from farmers markets and restaurants around Austin and, less than a year later, our eggs were discovered by Whole Foods Market, Inc., or Whole Foods. From the beginning, we sought to not simply sell eggs to a few stores, but to build a sustainable company that aligned with the family farming community and was able to profitably deliver quality products to a devoted consumer base. As our business has continued to grow, our model remains rooted in trust and mutual accountability with our farmers, who are and will remain core to our business. 
 5 

In 2014, our current president and chief executive officer, Russell Diez-Canseco, joined Vital Farms and led the development of our large and scalable network of family farms. In 2015, recognizing the opportunity to elevate our production process and bolster long-term growth and profitability, we began the design process for Egg Central Station, which opened in 2017 in Springfield, Missouri. We meticulously designed Egg Central Station in service of all of our stakeholders by improving on the best practices we observed across numerous world-class facilities. Today, Egg Central Station is capable of packing six million eggs per day and has achieved an SQF Level 3 certification, the highest level of such certification recognized by GFSI. In addition, Egg Central Station is the only egg facility, and as of January 2020, we were one of only six companies (and ten sites) globally to have received the SQFI Select Site certification. 
 Demand for our high-quality products has enabled us to expand our brand beyond the natural channel and into the mainstream channel through relationships with Albertsons Companies, Inc., or Albertsons, The Kroger Co., or Kroger, Publix Super Markets, Inc., or Publix, Target Corporation, or Target, Walmart Inc., or Walmart, and numerous other national and regional food retailers. As of December 2022, our products are sold in more than 22,000 stores nationwide and through our online shopping platform. Over the course of our journey, our founder, Matthew O Hayer, has continued to inform our strategic vision and remains intimately involved with the business as our executive chairperson. 
 Our Purpose 
 Our purpose is to improve the lives of people, animals and the planet through food. Our mission is to bring ethical food to the table. We carry out our purpose and mission by partnering with family farms that operate within our strictly defined set of ethically minded practices. We are motivated by the influence we have on rural communities through creating impactful, long-term business opportunities for family farmers. Moreover, we are driven to stand up for sustainable production practices that have been largely cast aside under the factory farming system. In our view, the factory farming system has been consistently misguided, focused on producing products at lowest cost rather than driving long-term and sustainable benefits for all stakeholders. 
 Since inception, our values have been rooted in the principles of Conscious Capitalism. We believe managing our business in the best interest of all our stakeholders will result in a more successful and sustainable enterprise. A key premise of our business model is our consumer-centric approach, which focuses on identifying consumer needs and developing products that address these needs. While remaining committed to ethical decision-making, we have achieved strong financial performance and earned the Certified B Corporation designation, reflecting our role as a contributor to the global cultural shift toward redefining success in business in order to build a more inclusive and sustainable economy. We believe our consumers connect with Vital Farms because they love our products, relate to our values and trust our practices. 
 Industry Overview 
 We operate in the large and growing U.S. natural food and beverage industry. Consumer awareness of the negative health, environmental and agricultural impacts of processed food and factory farming standards has resulted in increased consumer demand for ethically produced food. We believe this trend has had a meaningful impact on the growth of the natural food industry, which is increasingly penetrating the broader U.S. food market as mainstream retailers respond to consumer demand. We believe increased demand for natural food and a willingness to pay a premium for brands focused on transparency, sustainability and ethical values will continue to be a catalyst for our growth. 
 According to SPINS, LLC, or SPINS, data, the U.S. shell egg market accounted for approximately 9.4 billion in retail sales for the 52 weeks ended December 25, 2022 and grew at a CAGR of 10.5 between 2018 and December 2022. Our relatively low household penetration of 7.0 , compared to the shell egg category penetration of approximately 98 , provides a significant long-term growth opportunity for our business. According to SPINS data, the U.S. pasture-raised retail egg market accounted for approximately 428.0 million in retail sales for the 52 weeks ended December 25, 2022 and grew at a CAGR of 32 between 2018 and December 2022, while the specialty egg (including pasture-raised, free-range and cage-free) market accounted for approximately 1.7 billion in retail sales for the 52 weeks ended December 25, 2022 and grew at a CAGR of 15 between 2018 and December 2022. According to SPINS data, the U.S. butter market accounted for approximately 4.2 billion in retail sales for the 52 weeks ended December 25, 2022 and grew at a CAGR of 6.9 between 2018 and December 2022. We believe the strength of our platform, coupled with significant investments in our crew members and infrastructure, position us to continue to deliver industry-leading growth across new and existing categories. 
 6 

Our Strengths 
 Trusted Brand Aligned with Consumer Demands 
 We believe consumers have grown to trust our brand because of our adherence to our values and a high level of transparency. We have positioned our brand to capitalize on growing consumer interest in natural, clean-label, traceable, ethical, great-tasting and nutritious foods. Growing public awareness of major issues connected to animal farming, including human health, climate change and resource conservation, is closely aligned with our ethical mission. We believe consumers are increasingly focused on the source of their food and are willing to pay a premium for brands that deliver transparency, sustainability and integrity. As a company focused on driving the success of our stakeholders, our brand resonates with consumers who seek to align themselves with companies that share their values. Through our Vital Times newsletter and social media presence, we cultivate and support our relationship with consumers by communicating our values, building trust and promoting brand loyalty. 
 Strategic and Valuable Brand for Retailers 
 Our historical performance has demonstrated that we are a strategic and valuable partner to retailers. We have reached a broad set of consumers through a variety of retail partners, including Albertsons, Kroger, Publix, Target and Walmart. As of December 2022, we are the number one or two egg brand by retail dollar sales for branded eggs with key customers such as Albertsons, Kroger, Sprouts Farmers Market, or Sprouts, Target and Whole Foods. We believe the success of our brand demonstrates that consumers are demanding premium products that meet a higher ethical standard. We have expanded into the mainstream channel while continuing to command premium prices for our products. We believe that our products are more attractive to retail customers because they help generate growth, deliver strong gross profits and drive strong velocities. 
 Supply Chain Rooted in Commitment to Our Stakeholders 
 Our ongoing commitment to the social and economic interests of our stakeholders guides our supply chain decisions. We carefully select and collaborate with family farms in the Pasture Belt, the U.S. region where the weather is conducive to hens being outside as much as possible. We establish supply contracts that we believe are attractive for all parties, demonstrate our commitment to our network of family farms through educational programs that transfer critical best practice knowledge and pay farmers competitive prices for high-quality eggs. We believe our commitment to farmers facilitates more sustainable farm operations and significantly reduces turnover. Our network of family farms gives us a strategic advantage through a scaled and sustainable supply chain and allows us to go to market with the highest quality premium products. 
 7 

Map of the Pasture Belt 
 
 Experienced and Passionate Team 
 We have an experienced and passionate executive management team that has approximately 100 years of combined industry experience and includes our president and chief executive officer, Russell Diez-Canseco, a seasoned food industry expert with over 18 years of relevant experience, including at H-E-B, a privately held supermarket chain. Our leadership team works in partnership with Matthew O Hayer, our founder and executive chairperson, who continues to inform our strategic vision with the entrepreneurial perspective gained through over 40 years of building businesses. We also have a deep bench of talent with strong business and operational experience, and crew members at all levels of our organization who are passionate about addressing the needs of our stakeholders. We have leveraged the experience and passion of our leadership team, our founder and executive chairperson, and our other crew members to grow net revenue over 390 since the beginning of 2017, enter our second major food category, butter, and build and expand our first shell egg processing facility, Egg Central Station. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We believe our investments in our brand, our stakeholders and our infrastructure position us to continue delivering industry-leading growth that outpaces both the natural food industry and the overall food industry. 
 Compete to Win in Our Current Categories 
 Continuing to compete at the top of our current categories will ensure we are continuing to earn trust with our fans across all consumer groups and fuel our continued profitable growth. We believe there is significant opportunity to grow volume with existing retail customers by building consumer awareness and demand for our brand. Our products generate stronger velocities and, we believe, greater profitability per unit for our retail customers in the categories in which we compete. By capturing greater shelf space, driving higher product velocities and increasing our average SKU count per retail partner, we believe there is meaningful runway for further growth with existing retail customers. Beyond our existing retail footprint, we believe there are significant opportunities to gain incremental stores from existing retail customers and to add new retail customers. We also believe there are significant further long-term opportunities in additional distribution channels, including the convenience, drugstore and club channels. Additionally, we believe there is significant demand for our products in the foodservice channel since we offer versatile ingredients with high menu penetrations across all commercial and non-commercial operator segments. We see considerable opportunity for medium- to long-term growth in this channel by increasing our category market share through sales to values-aligned foodservice operators and their distributors. 
 8 

Expand Our Portfolio 
 We are a food company. In order to achieve our goal of becoming the most trusted food brand, we must expand beyond eggs and butter. We believe making strategic bets on larger-scale opportunities will support this expansion. The successes of our core products have confirmed our belief that there is significant demand for ethically produced food products, and our proprietary consumer surveys confirm our belief that there is significant demand for our brand across a wide spectrum of food categories. We expect to continue to extend our product offerings through innovation in both new and existing categories. 
 Strengthen the Brand 
 We will compete in the marketplace by aspiring to build the most trusted brand. Critical to the success of this mission is our ability to share our story with a broader audience. We intend to increase our household penetration by educating consumers about our brand, our values and the premium quality of our products. Our relatively low household penetration of 7.0 for our shell eggs, compared to the shell egg category penetration of approximately 98 , demonstrates that expanding the national presence of our brand offers a significant runway for future growth. We believe we are well positioned to increase household penetration of our products given their alignment with consumer trends and approachability with consumers. We intend to increase the number of consumers who buy our products by using digitally integrated media campaigns, social media tools and other owned media channels, and we believe these efforts will educate consumers on our values and the attractive attributes of our products, generate further demand for our products and ultimately expand our consumer base. 
 Scale a World-Class Organization 
 We have always believed that our most important competitive advantage is great people, operating as one, high-performing team in a strong culture, with the right tools to help us reach our potential, both individually and collectively. We have recently combined our strategic and people functions under a single leader to unify our organization in attracting talent that supports our growth initiatives and our culture. This effort is critical not only to our current success but the direction of our company in the future. As we continue our focus on scaling a world-class organization, we believe this tighter link between where we are going, the processes we will put in place to get there, and, most importantly, how we engage, inspire, and develop our crew members will fuel our continued growth. 
 9 

Product Overview 
 We produce products sourced from animals raised on family farms, including shell eggs, butter, hard-boiled eggs, liquid whole eggs and ghee. 

Shell Eggs Our original and core product is shell eggs. We defined the pasture-raised egg category by following European-rooted standards codified by the Certified Humane Program, which require each hen to have at least 108 square feet of land and daily outdoor access. Our shell eggs are ethically produced, and our consumers consistently tell us that they provide a richer taste and color than other eggs on the market. The retail varieties of our shell eggs are based on supplemental feed type (certified organic and conventional), egg size (medium, large, extra-large and jumbo) and pack size (6, 12 and 18 count). 

Butter In 2015, we saw an opportunity in the U.S. refrigerated value-added dairy market for premium butter with artisanal qualities, such as higher butterfat content, sea salt and traditional slow-churn methods. Our consumer research and basket analysis also identified butter as a highly complementary product category to eggs in terms of usage and buyer profile. Today, we offer unsalted and sea salted varieties of our butter, which has 85 butterfat and is sold in two-stick and four-stick packs. In addition, we offer a spreadable butter churned with avocado oil in a tub format. 

Hard-Boiled Eggs and Liquid Whole Eggs In March 2018, we launched hard-boiled eggs to broaden the appeal of our brand and satisfy an incremental usage occasion ready-to-eat snacking. That launch was followed by the introduction of our liquid whole eggs in August 2019. We currently provide one of the only pasture-raised liquid whole egg offerings in the estimated 3.3 billion U.S. processed egg market, which has seen little innovation in decades and has traditionally been dominated by egg whites. 

10 

Ghee In February 2019, we introduced ghee, followed in August 2019 by the release of a first-of-its-kind ghee in a squeeze bottle format. Our ghee meets the standards consumers expect from the Vital Farms brand and is offered in original and Himalayan pink salt varieties. In December 2022, we decided to discontinue our ghee products, which we anticipate will occur in full before year-end 2023. 

Motivated by our mission, our success and our customers feedback, we continue to innovate and expand our product offering to address growing consumer demand. 
 Innovation 
 The successes of our core products have confirmed our belief that there is significant demand for ethically produced food products. We expect to continue to expand our product offerings through innovation in both existing and new categories. We have a dedicated product development team that leverages comprehensive consumer insights and trend data to provide innovative solutions and ideas that meet new consumer needs and usage occasions. We also have a proven innovation model that utilizes a trusted network of partners to bring products to market without requiring significant upfront investment. We are committed to building on the success of our recent product launches and continuing to introduce consumers to our expanding range of product offerings. 
 Marketing 
 Our multi-faceted, consumer-centric marketing strategy has been instrumental in building our brand and driving net revenue. Our marketing strategy is aimed at solidifying our brand s position as a leading provider of ethically minded food. We execute on this strategy by advertising through digitally integrated media campaigns, social media tools and other owned media channels. Our standout packaging has been a signature communication vehicle since our inception. We maintain a presence across all major social media platforms. 
 Our brand has grown rapidly into the #1 U.S. pasture-raised, #1 U.S. natural channel and #2 U.S. overall egg brand by retail dollar sales, with an over 90 share of the U.S. pasture-raised retail egg market for the 52-week period ended December 25, 2022. Our brand awareness is represented by a strong social media following, with approximately 133,000 Instagram followers. Building on prior success, we will continue to invest in the brand through digitally integrated national media campaigns and build customer loyalty through other media formats, including our quirky Vital Times newsletter, now in its twelfth year of print, which is placed in each egg carton. We have circulated more than 100 million copies of our Vital Times newsletter since 2021. 
 Building upon a landscape of shifting consumer preferences, we are focused on reaching new consumers to educate them about our ethically focused value proposition. We work continuously to understand our consumers and leverage those insights to develop impactful communication plans and messaging. We remain focused on deploying our sophisticated marketing capabilities and world-class sales team to ensure that both customers and consumers understand the Vital Farms story. 
 Our Customers 
 We market our products throughout the United States, with the majority of our net revenue coming from our shell egg products. As of December 2022, we distribute through third parties and direct to retailers to reach more than 22,000 stores. With significant expansion in recent years, our retail sales are distributed between the natural channel and mainstream channel. Because of our brand equity, loyal consumer base and expanding line of high-quality products, we believe there are attractive growth opportunities across these channels, in addition to a sizable opportunity in the foodservice channel. We believe there are also incremental growth opportunities in additional distribution channels, including the convenience, drugstore, club, military and international markets, which we may access along with retail growth opportunities to enable us to continue our net revenue growth. 
 Natural Channel 
 Natural channel retailers, including Whole Foods and Sprouts, represented approximately 47 , 42 and 39 of our retail dollar sales in fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 11 

Mainstream Channel 
 Widespread consumer demand for high-quality and traceable foods has driven our expansion into the mainstream channel with national retailers, including Albertsons, Kroger, Publix, Target and Walmart. The mainstream channel represented approximately 53 , 58 and 61 of our retail dollar sales in fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Foodservice Channel 
 In addition to our primary natural and mainstream channels, we sell shell and value-added eggs into the foodservice channel, which includes commercial and non-commercial foodservice operators. We expect our foodservice business to continue to grow in the medium- to long-term through our two-pronged sales approach. We anticipate growing our foodservice distribution penetration through our relationships, for example, with Dot Foods, the largest redistribution company in the country, and broad-line distributors, including Sysco, US Foods, Performance Food Group, Gordon Food Service and Ben E. Keith. By deepening our distribution penetration, we are becoming more accessible to foodservice operators across the country. We anticipate more growth with values-aligned regional and national restaurant chains that want to raise their menu standards with our ethically produced eggs. 
 In fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, the foodservice channel accounted for approximately 1 , 1 and 3 , respectively, of our net revenue. 
 Our established foodservice partnerships help to extend our marketing efforts through unique co-branding opportunities, which amplify our consumer awareness and allow us to reach new households. We will continue to capitalize on these co-marketing tactics as we work to bring new foodservice operators into our customer base. 
 A multi-unit example from our successful foodservice program is True Food Kitchen, an award-winning restaurant brand and a pioneer of wellness-driven dining with 43 locations across the country that shares our values for improving the lives of people, animals and the planet. Our collaboration is a recipe for success to serve nourishing food that people know they can trust. At the start of 2023, True Food Kitchen committed to exclusively using our pasture-raised eggs for its menu and calling out our brand in its marketing channels. We expect to continue building a robust relationship with True Food Kitchen. We plan to co-market our consciously crafted seasonal menu items, limited-time promotions and events with True Food Kitchen throughout the year. 

We have launched similar relationships with national chains, including Hopdoddy Burger Bar and Original ChopShop. Additionally, we have regional chain collaborations in all four of our U.S. sales territories. Several examples include: 
 Tacodeli, which sells breakfast tacos made exclusively with our shell eggs across restaurant locations and points of distribution, such as coffee shops and farmers' market stands, across Texas; 

Black Seed Bagels, a bagel brand with locations across the New York metropolitan area; 

King David Tacos, which sells breakfast tacos made exclusively with our eggs at a brick-and-mortar location, multiple cart locations and over 70 retail partners in the New York City area; 

12 

Pura Vida, a fresh all-day concept in the South Florida area; 

Cafe Patachou, a breakfast and lunch restaurant chain based in the Indianapolis, Indiana area; 

Blue Plate Restaurant Company, a casual dining group in the Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota area; 

Moe's Broadway Bagel, an East Coast-style family-run bagel chain in the Denver and Boulder Colorado area. 

Supply Chain 
 We have strategically designed our supply chain to ensure high production standards and optimal year-round operation. We are motivated by the positive impact we have on rural communities and enjoy a strong relationship and reputation with our network of more than 300 family farms. In order to capitalize on this strong supply network, we built a state-of-the-art shell egg processing facility, Egg Central Station in Springfield, Missouri. Following its expansion in April 2022, Egg Central Station is approximately 153,000 square feet and utilizes highly automated equipment to grade and package our shell egg products. The design of our facility includes investments in support of each of our stakeholders, from our crew members, to the community and the environment, to our customers and consumers. 
 Our eggs are kept in on-farm coolers using precise equipment specified by us. The eggs are then collected on a regular basis by a third-party freight carrier and placed in cold storage until packing for shipment to customers. Each of our butter, ghee, hard-boiled eggs, and liquid whole egg products have a dedicated co-manufacturer. To support the growth of our business, we are focused on expanding existing co-manufacturing relationships where appropriate and establishing new relationships. 
 Our egg packaging consists primarily of corrugated boxes and egg cartons. Our corrugated boxes are sourced from a supplier in Springfield, Missouri, and our egg cartons are substantially sourced from a single-source supplier from Missouri, Canada and Europe. Our other products are packaged in jars, bottles, film and cartons that are primarily managed by our co-manufacturing partners. In every case, we strive to find the most sustainable and environmentally considered packaging, shipping materials and inks. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment across each of our product categories. We have numerous competitors of varying sizes, including producers of private-label products as well as producers of other branded egg and butter products that compete for trade merchandising support and consumer dollars. We compete with large egg companies such as Cal-Maine, Inc. and large international food companies such as Ornua Co-operative Limited (Kerrygold). We also compete directly with local and regional egg and dairy companies, as well as private-label specialty products processed by other egg and dairy companies. In our market, competition is based on, among other things, product quality and taste, brand recognition and loyalty, product variety, product packaging and package design, shelf space, reputation, price, advertising, promotion and nutritional claims. 
 Across the industry, eggs may be sourced from hens that are caged, cage-free, free-range or pasture-raised. Large egg companies offer commodity eggs sourced from caged hens, and in an attempt to address growing consumer demand for ethically produced and higher quality eggs, they have also grown their cage-free and free-range offerings. 
 Although we operate in competitive industries, we believe that we have a strong and sustainable competitive advantage based on an ongoing process of values-driven decisions, our fundamental commitment to producing ethically minded food, the trust we have developed in our brand and our ability to provide reliable supply to our distribution partners and customers. We built and operate what we believe is one of the largest sourcing and distribution networks of family farms with strong growth potential. By focusing on the interests of each of our stakeholders, we believe we have created a model that attracts the best family farm partners, produces the highest quality products and creates benefits for all parties. We believe our experience in building this network will provide significant scale and execution advantages as we continue to expand. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to laws and regulations administered by various federal, state and local government agencies in the United States, such as the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or USDA; the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA; the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC; the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA; and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or 
 13 

OSHA. These laws and regulations apply to the processing, packaging, distribution, sale, marketing, labeling, quality, safety and transportation of our products, as well as our occupational safety and health practices. 
 Under various federal statutes and implementing regulations, these agencies, among other things, prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our products and the manufacturing, labeling, marketing, promotion and advertising thereof. With respect to eggs in particular, the FDA and the USDA split jurisdiction depending on the type of product involved. While the FDA has primary responsibility for the regulation of shell eggs, the USDA has primary responsibility for the regulation of dried, frozen or liquid eggs and other egg products, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Among other things, the facilities in which our products are manufactured or processed must register with the FDA and/or the USDA, comply with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and comply with a range of food safety and labeling requirements established by the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011, the Egg Products Inspection Act, the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Organic Foods Production Act and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, among other laws implemented by the FDA, the USDA and other regulators. The FDA and the USDA have the authority to inspect these facilities depending on the type of product involved; For example, Egg Central Station, our facility in Springfield, Missouri, has been subject to periodic inspections by the USDA to evaluate compliance with certain applicable requirements, and the FDA may likewise inspect the facility. The FDA and the USDA also require that certain nutrition and product information appear on our product labels and, more generally, that our labels and labeling be truthful and non-misleading. Similarly, the FTC requires that our marketing and advertising be truthful, non-misleading and not deceptive to consumers. We are also restricted from making certain types of claims about our products, including nutrient content claims, health claims, organic claims and claims regarding the effects of our products on any structure or function of the body, whether express or implied, unless we satisfy certain regulatory requirements. We also participate in the USDA s voluntary egg grading program, which requires compliance with additional labeling and facility requirements. 
 In addition, our suppliers are subject to numerous regulatory requirements. For example, the farmers who produce our shell eggs may be subject to requirements implemented by the FDA pertaining to pest control, salmonella enteritidis prevention and other requirements. 
 We are also subject to state and local food safety regulation, including registration and licensing requirements for our facilities, enforcement of standards for our products and facilities by state and local health agencies, and regulation of our trade practices in connection with selling our products. 
 We are also subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, safety regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations, and those of our co-manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. 
 Certified B Corporation 
 While not required by Delaware law or the terms of our certificate of incorporation, we have elected to have our social and environmental performance, accountability and transparency assessed against the proprietary criteria established by B Lab, an independent non-profit organization. As a result of this assessment, we were designated as a Certified B Corporation in December 2015. 
 In order to be designated as a Certified B Corporation, companies are required to take a comprehensive and objective assessment of their positive impact on society and the environment. The assessment evaluates how a company s operations and business model impact its workers, customers, suppliers, community and the environment using a 200-point scale. While the assessment varies depending on a company s size (number of employees), sector and location, representative indicators in the assessment include payment above a living wage, employee benefits, stakeholder engagement, supporting underserved suppliers and environmental benefits from a company s products or services. After completing the assessment, B Lab will verify the company s score to determine if it meets the 80-point minimum bar for certification. The review process includes a phone review, a random selection of indicators for verifying documentation and a random selection of company locations for onsite reviews, including employee interviews and facility tours. Once certified, every Certified B Corporation must make its assessment score transparent on B Lab s website. 
 Designation and continued certification as a Certified B Corporation is at the sole discretion of B Lab. To maintain our certification, we are required to update our assessment and verify our updated score with B Lab every three years. We were initially recertified in February 2018, began our latest reassessment process in 2021 and were most recently recertified in January 2022. Our Certified B Corporation designation remains in good standing. 
 14 

Public Benefit Corporation Status 
 In connection with our Certified B Corporation status and as a demonstration of our long-term commitment to our mission to bring ethical food to the table, we elected in October 2017 to be treated as a public benefit corporation under Delaware law. 
 Under Delaware law, a public benefit corporation is required to identify in its certificate of incorporation the public benefit or benefits it will promote, and its directors have a duty to manage the affairs of the corporation in a manner that balances the pecuniary interests of the corporation s stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by the corporation s conduct, and the specific public benefit or benefits identified in the certificate of incorporation. Public benefit corporations organized in Delaware are also required to assess their benefit performance internally and to disclose to stockholders at least biennially a report detailing their success in meeting their benefit objectives. 
 As provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the public benefits that we promote, and pursuant to which we manage our company, are: (i) bringing ethically produced food to the table; (ii) bringing joy to our customers through products and services; (iii) allowing crew members to thrive in an empowering, fun environment; (iv) fostering lasting partnerships with our farms and suppliers; (v) forging an enduring profitable business; and (vi) being stewards of our animals, land, air and water, and being supportive of our community. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 At Vital Farms, we are dedicated to creating long-term benefits through sustainable practices for our stockholders, crew members, farmers and suppliers, customers and consumers, communities and the environment. We promote sustainable practices and place an emphasis on being conscious environmental stewards. Our commitment to bringing ethical food to the table has enabled us to integrate sustainable practices throughout our business. Our dedication to our stakeholders inspires us to continuously raise our standards and practices. 
 In 2022, we continued to develop and advance our environmental, social and governance, or ESG, strategy. Based on a comprehensive review we conducted in 2021 of the ESG issues most impactful to our business and most important to our stakeholders, we identified in December 2022 our initial set of ESG goals. Such goals include addressing the ecological impact of our business, driving inclusion within our crew, fostering governance accountability and mitigating climate-related risks. The identification of these risks and opportunities, together with the development of goals to address them, help to guide our approach to aligning our business and our ESG priorities. 
 To ensure that ESG is prioritized throughout our business, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors has been tasked with oversight of our strategy, initiatives, policies, practices and reporting relating to ESG matters. Additionally, we have adopted several policies to uphold our commitment to our values across our business and operations, including a Human Rights Policy, an Environmental Policy, a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, or DEI, Policy, a Health and Workplace Safety Policy and a Supplier Code of Conduct. 
 We are committed to building a people-first culture that embodies our values and understands the unique needs of our crew members. We will continue to hold ourselves accountable to the important role we play in helping transition the world around us to a more diverse, equitable and inclusive place. In 2021, we appointed our first Head of DEI and established an internal Diversity Council to oversee our DEI approach and initiatives. In 2022, we continued to build on our DEI priorities through the establishment of crew resource groups and establishment of a tangible, measurable goal to increase crew inclusion. See the section titled Culture and Human Capital below for further information about our commitment to a diverse crew and an inclusive work environment. 
 We acknowledge the potential threat that climate change may have on our business and are committed to taking action to mitigate our emissions and overall environmental risk. In 2021, we began to track and analyze our greenhouse gas emissions to understand and mitigate our carbon footprint, as well as water risks relative to our business and operations. In December 2022, we published our initial disclosures under the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure framework. 
 We believe in providing transparent disclosure of our ESG efforts and communicating our progress with stakeholders, and concurrently with this Annual Report, we released our annual Impact Report in March 2023 (previously referred to as our Sustainability Report). To learn more about our ESG efforts and our relevant policies, please visit our investor relations website: investors.vitalfarms.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website (including information in our Impact Report) is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any of our other filings with the SEC. We welcome our stakeholders feedback on our approach to ESG and can be contacted at investors@vitalfarms.com. 
 15 

Seasonality 
 Demand for shell eggs fluctuates in response to seasonal factors. Shell egg demand tends to increase with the start of the school year, is highest prior to holiday periods, particularly Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter, and is lowest during the summer months. As a result of these seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, comparisons of our sales and operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful comparisons. 
 Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property 
 We own trademarks and other proprietary rights that are important to our business, including our principal trademark, Vital Farms. All our key trademarks are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand to our consumers. We believe the protection of our trademarks, copyrights and domain names are important to our success. We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademark and copyright. 
 Culture and Human Capital 
 Our Conscious Commitment 
 Our commitment to prioritizing long-term benefits to each of our stakeholders includes our talented and passionate crew members, our employees who are invaluable to our business. Prioritizing Conscious Capitalism, our business decisions consider the impact on all our stakeholders, including our crew members, and we believe this helps us to create a more sustainable and successful business. 
 Vital Farms is committed to fostering an environment that values collaboration, trust, and respect. Furthermore, we endeavor to provide our crew members with the resources they need to be successful through culture-enhancing programs and professional development opportunities. 
 We believe in cultivating meaningful opportunities, from supporting the economic well-being of the family farmers in our network to fostering a collaborative and inspiring environment for our crew members across the country. 
 Crew Recruitment, Development and Retention 
 Through a thoughtful and thorough screening process, we bring crew members into the business who we believe are aligned with our values and culture. In fiscal 2022, we engaged in an extensive restructuring of our orientation and onboarding processes, including in-person visits to our Austin headquarters and Egg Central Station processing facility, as well as fireside chats with functional leadership and substantive introductions to each business unit. The Vital Farms crew member journey, including recruiting, onboarding and each step of the career experience, is guided by the philosophy of supporting a people-first culture. We believe in enabling our crew members to grow both professionally and personally. We cultivate leaders across every level of the business and are committed to building a culture that embodies our values and understands the unique needs of our crew members. This commitment is evidenced by our Leadership Academy for all people managers at our Egg Central Station facility and our extensive online learning platform available to in-person and remote crew members, providing training options for both functional and interpersonal skills. 
 We believe in a culture of transparency and ownership. We communicate regularly with our crew members across departments and position levels, including through weekly team huddles at Egg Central Station and monthly all-company meetings that include executive question-and-answer sessions. These frequent touchpoints are focused on helping crew members feel connected to our mission and empowered to make informed decisions that drive our business forward. At Egg Central Station, we maintain an idea board for crew members to share suggestions on how to make the workplace experience more engaging, and we have implemented many of the suggestions shared. 
 In 2020, we spent time listening to our crew members to understand how they felt about returning to the office and learned that the majority appreciated the flexibility of working from home. As a result, in 2021 we made the decision to support their preference and transitioned to a remote workforce for our crew members outside Egg Central Station. We continue to believe this transition has enabled us to attract top talent across the country and has had a positive impact on crew member retention and engagement. We see examples of this daily, with everything from children popping in to say hi during team meetings to crew members appreciating the ability to take care of family needs when necessary. We strive to foster acceptance of our crew members needs and build a culture where they can bring their full selves to work. 
 16 

Workplace Health and Safety 
 We have made the safety and well-being of our crew a top priority and have implemented a number of features to ensure our crew members feel safe, engaged and valued. At Egg Central Station, these features have included identification of opportunities to automate more physically challenging processes, offering subsidies to purchase slip-resistant and safety toe shoes and partnering with a local sports medicine practice for regular training of Egg Central Station crew members on ergonomics. Additionally, we have implemented and continue to follow an internal COVID-19 protocol and preventative measures to protect the health and safety of our crew members, customers and communities. 
 What We Value 
 We have defined our company values as (1) Be Humble, (2) Act Like an Owner, (3) Lead with a Growth Mindset, (4) Practice Empathy and (5) Compete to Win. We strive to create a culture that reflects these important pillars of our business. 
 We are Humble: We recognize that we win and lose as a team, and we leave our egos at the door. We orient crew members towards common priorities by communicating these priorities throughout the organization. Additionally, each quarter, crew members and their managers discuss professional development and set individual goals. We hold ourselves accountable to business objectives and know that we can all improve through continuous feedback. 

We Act Like Owners: We know our crew plays a critical role in our success and want them to have a stake in the outcome that they help create. We provide our crew members with competitive compensation. At our Egg Central Station facility in Springfield, Missouri, our hourly crew members are paid wages that are least 25 above the living wage for an individual without children in this market. All full-time crew members are eligible for health insurance, paid parental leave, retirement contributions, employee stock purchase plan participation, equity grants and complimentary Vital Farms products. 

We Lead with a Growth Mindset: We bring the drive to succeed, the desire to learn and the energy to keep raising the standards on everything we do. We offer a wealth of learning opportunities to support the development of our crew. We set the foundation with our in-depth onboarding program and then keep the momentum through self-paced courses in our online learning platform, lunch learns lead by subject matter experts, and live courses. We level up with professional coaching, programming from esteemed external collaborators on key skills such as problem solving, and curated leadership development programs. We're focused on providing an ecosystem of developmental resources that ensure our team keeps building their skills to be successful at Vital Farms and beyond. 

We Practice Empathy: We know that we get to better answers when we incorporate different perspectives and experiences into our work. We believe a diverse, equitable and inclusive crew is crucial to our long-term success as a business and a priority for us as our values remain rooted in Conscious Capitalism. Under the direction of our Head of DEI, we are implementing a comprehensive DEI action plan, including expanded training for our crew members on DEI topics and further partnerships with our community to bolster our diversity recruiting efforts and support for underrepresented communities. 

We Compete to Win: We are fierce competitors who like to win for all of our stakeholders, and we believe that prioritizing our stakeholders long-term viability will produce stronger outcomes, for everyone, over time. Our business model is not a trade-off between purpose and profit; rather, we believe that our purpose of improving the lives of people, animals and the planet through food has always been a critical driver of our growth. 

Our Crew Members 
 As of December 25, 2022, we had approximately 368 full-time crew members, including 190 in operations, 52 in sales and marketing, 25 in finance and 101 in general and administrative functions, all of whom are located in the United States. Of our full-time crew members, one is a contract worker. As of December 25, 2022, approximately 47 of our full-time crew members were women and approximately 21 were members of underrepresented minority groups. None of our crew members is represented by a labor union. We have never experienced a labor-related work stoppage, and we consider our relations with our crew members to be good. 
 17 

Our Corporate Information 
 We were founded in 2007, originally incorporated in Texas in July 2009 and reincorporated in Delaware in June 2013, and we became a public benefit corporation in Delaware in October 2017. Our principal executive offices are located at 3601 South Congress Avenue, Suite C100, Austin, Texas 78704, and our telephone number is (877) 455-3063. Our website address is www.vitalfarms.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. We make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The following is a description of the known factors that may materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this Annual Report. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In this case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Summary of Selected Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. These risks include, among others, the following: 
 Our recent, rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to effectively manage our growth or evaluate our future prospects. If we fail to effectively manage our future growth or evaluate our future prospects, our business could be adversely affected. 

We have incurred net losses in the past and we may not be able to maintain or increase our profitability in the future. 

We have only recently expanded our product offerings beyond shell eggs and butter, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. 

Sales of shell eggs constitute the vast majority of our revenue, and a reduction in these sales would have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Failure to introduce successful new products, enter into new product categories or successfully pursue growth by other means may adversely affect our ability to continue to grow. 

We are dependent on the market for shell eggs, and fluctuations in this market could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of feed grains could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to effectively expand our processing, manufacturing and production capacity as we continue to grow and scale our business, our business and operating results and our brand reputation could be harmed. 

A substantial amount of our shell eggs are processed at our Egg Central Station processing facility. Any damage or disruption at this facility may harm our business. 

If we fail to effectively maintain relationships within our existing farm network or further expand our farm network, our business, operating results and brand reputation could be harmed. 

Future expansions of our processing capacity may not provide us with the benefits we expect to receive. 

If we fail to effectively price our products or implement price increases, our financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Increased transportation and freight costs and failure by our transportation providers to pick up raw materials or deliver our products on time, in compliance with applicable governmental regulations or at all, have adversely impacted and are expected to continue to adversely impact our operating results. 

18 

Our future business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by reduced or limited availability of eggs, cream and other raw materials that meet our standards. 

We may not be able to compete successfully in our highly competitive market. 

We currently have a limited number of co-manufacturers. Loss of one or more of our co-manufacturers or our failure to timely identify and establish relationships with new co-manufacturers could harm our business and impede our growth. 

Outbreaks of agricultural diseases, including avian influenza, the perception that outbreaks may occur or regulatory or market responses to outbreaks could reduce supply or demand for our products and harm our business. 

We could be adversely affected by a change in consumer preferences, perception and spending habits in the natural food industry generally and with respect to animal-based products. In particular, any failure to develop or enrich our product offering or gain market acceptance of our new products could have a negative effect on our business. 

A limited number of distributors represent a substantial portion of our sales, and the loss of one or more distributor relationships that cannot be replaced in a timely manner may adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are dependent on hatcheries and pullet farms to supply our network of family farms with laying hens. Any disruption in that supply chain could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Increases in interest rates could adversely affect our business. 

Consolidation of retail customers or the loss of a significant retail customer could negatively impact our sales and profitability. 

We source substantially all of our shell egg cartons from a sole source supplier, and any disruptions may impact our ability to sell our eggs. 

Because we rely on a limited number of third-party vendors to store our products, we may not be able to maintain or obtain the capacity necessary to store our products. 

Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or food safety issues with our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. 

Demand for shell eggs is subject to seasonal fluctuations and can adversely impact our results of operations in certain quarters. 

Packaging costs are volatile, have recently increased and may continue to rise significantly, which may negatively impact our profitability, and any reduced availability of packaging supplies may otherwise impact our business. 

If we fail to retain and motivate members of our management team or other key crew members, fail to attract and retain additional crew members or fail to maintain our company culture and focus on our purpose, our business may be harmed. 

Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure to adequately respond to stakeholder scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, or failure to achieve our ESG goals, could adversely impact our reputation and brand. 

Food safety and food-borne illness incidents or advertising or product mislabeling may materially and adversely affect our business by exposing us to lawsuits, product recalls or regulatory enforcement actions, increasing our operating costs and reducing demand for our product offerings. 

Our operations are subject to FDA and USDA federal regulation, as well as other federal, state and local regulations, and there is no assurance that we will be in compliance with all regulations. 

Our status as a public benefit corporation and a Certified B Corporation may not result in the benefits we anticipate, or we may be unable to maintain our Certified B Corporation status. 

19 

Risks Related to Our Growth and Capital Requirements 
 Our recent, rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to effectively manage our growth or evaluate our future prospects. If we fail to effectively manage our future growth or evaluate our future prospects, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We have grown rapidly since inception and anticipate further growth. For example, our net revenue increased from 214.3 million in fiscal 2020 to 260.9 million in fiscal 2021 to 362.1 million in fiscal 2022. This growth has placed significant demands on our management, financial, operational, technological and other resources. The continued growth and expansion of our business depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 increase awareness of our brand and successfully compete with other companies; 

price our products effectively so that we are able to attract new customers and consumers and expand sales to our existing customers and consumers; 

expand distribution to new points of sales with new and existing customers; 

continue to innovate and introduce new products; 

successfully expand into new product categories; 

expand our supplier, co-manufacturing, co-packing, cold storage, processing and distribution capacities; 

invest in information technology systems and related process and procedures improvements; and 

maintain quality control over our product offerings. 

The growth and expansion of our business has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and operations teams and require significant additional resources, financial and otherwise, to meet our needs, which may not be available in a cost-effective manner, or at all. We expect to continue to expend substantial resources on our current and future processing facilities, our sales and marketing efforts, product innovation and development, and general administration associated with being a public company. 
 These investments may not result in the continued growth of our business. Even if these investments do result in the growth of our business, if we do not effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to execute on our business plan, respond to competitive pressures, take advantage of market opportunities, satisfy customer requirements or maintain high-quality product offerings, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past and we may not be able to maintain or increase our profitability in the future. 
 For fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022, we generated net income of 9.0 million, 2.4 million and 1.2 million, respectively. However, we have experienced net losses in prior years, including a net loss of 2.1 million in fiscal 2017. Our ability to maintain or increase our profitability is subject to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. As we expand our operations, we anticipate that our operating expenses and capital expenditures will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to increase our household penetration, customer base, supplier network, marketing channels and product portfolio, expand and enhance our processing, manufacturing and distribution facilities as needed, and hire additional crew members. Our ongoing expansion efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate (including as a result of inflation, increases in input costs or disruptions in our supply chain relating to public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, trade wars, geopolitical tensions, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, or other factors), and we may not succeed in increasing our net revenue and margins sufficiently to offset the anticipated higher expenses. We have incurred significant expenses in connection with investing in our processing capacity, our co-manufacturing and co-packing relationships, and obtaining and storing raw materials, and we will continue to incur significant expenses in developing and marketing products. In addition, many of our expenses, including the costs associated with our existing and any future processing and manufacturing facilities, are fixed. We also expect to continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses as we grow and mature as a public company. If we fail to grow our revenue at a greater rate than our costs and expenses, we may be unable to maintain or increase our profitability and may incur losses in the future. 
 20 

We have only recently expanded our product offerings beyond shell eggs and butter, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. 
 We have only recently expanded our product offerings beyond shell eggs and butter. As a result of our limited experience managing multiple product lines, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our products, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure to successfully take advantage of growth opportunities. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 
 Sales of shell eggs constitute the vast majority of our net revenue, and a reduction in these sales would have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Shell eggs accounted for approximately 92 of our net revenue in fiscal 2020, 92 of our net revenue in fiscal 2021 and 94 of our net revenue in fiscal 2022. Shell eggs are our flagship product and have been the focal point of our sales and marketing efforts, and we believe that sales of shell eggs will continue to constitute a significant portion of our net revenue, net income and cash flow for the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to expand sales, processing and distribution of shell eggs, or that consumer and customer demand for our other existing and future products will expand to allow such products to represent a larger percentage of our revenue than they do currently. Accordingly, any factor adversely affecting sales of our shell eggs (including consumers election to purchase lower-priced private-label or other economy brands during times of economic uncertainty) could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to introduce successful new products, successfully enter into new product categories or successfully pursue growth by other means may adversely affect our ability to continue to grow. 
 One element of our growth strategy depends on our ability to develop and market new products that meet our standards for quality and appeal to consumer preferences. The success of our innovation and product development efforts is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences, the technical capability of our innovation staff in developing and testing product prototypes, our ability to comply with applicable governmental regulations, and the success of our management and sales and marketing teams in introducing and marketing new products, including through entry into new product categories. There can be no assurance that we will successfully develop and market new products or successfully enter into product categories. The development and introduction of new products requires substantial marketing expenditures, which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products, our business could be harmed. For example, in 2022, we decided to discontinue our convenient breakfast and ghee offerings to focus on product categories that are core to our operations. Any failure to successfully develop, market and launch future products or enter into new product categories may lead to decreased growth, sales and profitability. 
 Further risks are presented if we elect to pursue continued growth or enter new product categories by means other than new product introductions, including by acquisitions or investments in business or technologies that we believe could offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of such opportunities may divert the attention of management. Furthermore, it may cause us to incur various costs and expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing such transactions, regardless of whether such opportunities are realized. Such acquisitions, transactions or investments may also result in potentially dilutive equity issuances, the incurrence of debt or contingent liabilities or challenges with integration, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We estimate market opportunity and forecast market growth that may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and growth forecasts included in this Annual Report are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate, particularly in light of economic uncertainties. The variables that go into the calculation of our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of customers covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our products at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost and perceived value associated with our products and those of our competitors. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecast, our business could fail to grow at the rate we anticipate, if at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, our forecasts of market growth should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 21 

We may require additional financing to achieve our goals, and the failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product manufacturing and development, and other operations. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings and sales of our products. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the expansion of our processing capacity, including in connection with our construction and expansion of Egg Central Station and the potential development of an additional egg packing center. We believe that we will continue to expend substantial resources for the foreseeable future as we consider additional markets we may choose to pursue and other growth opportunities. 
 We expect that our existing cash will be sufficient to fund our planned operating expenses, capital expenditure requirements and debt service payments through at least the next 12 months. However, our operating plan may change because of factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as strategic collaborations. We may also seek financing in connection with potential new product introductions or acquisitions or investments in businesses or technologies that we believe could offer growth opportunities. Weakness and volatility in the capital markets and the economy in general could limit our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. Such financings may result in dilution to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Our Brand, Our Products and Our Industry 
 We are dependent on the market for shell eggs, and fluctuations in this market could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We contract with family farms to purchase all of their egg production for the duration of our contracts. We are contractually obligated to purchase these eggs irrespective of our ability to sell such eggs. Periodically in our industry, there has been an oversupply of eggs, which has caused egg prices to contract, sometimes substantially so, and as a result we have sold or donated our excess supply at reduced prices or no cost. If we are unable to sell such eggs upon commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our gross margins, business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Conversely, in fiscal 2022, there were at times supply shortages in the egg industry, with supply impacted by, among other things, avian influenza, increased demand for eggs and increases in feed and other input costs. Such supply shortages, together with price increases we or others in the industry have implemented and may choose to implement in the future, could result in declining consumer demand for shell eggs or inability to fulfill customer demand, each of which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results and operations. 
 We sell shell eggs to consumers at a premium price point, and when prices for commodity shell eggs fall relative to the price of our shell eggs (including due to any price increases we may implement), price-sensitive consumers may choose to purchase commodity shell eggs offered by our competitors at a greater velocity than, or instead of, our eggs. As a result, low commodity shell egg prices relative to the price of our shell eggs may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also sell a small percentage of our shell eggs to wholesalers and egg breaking plants at commodity shell egg prices, which fluctuate widely and are outside our control. Small increases in production, or small decreases in demand, can have a large adverse effect on the prices at which these eggs are sold. 
 Fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of feed grains could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The price we pay to purchase shell eggs from farmers fluctuates based on pallet weight and is also indexed quarterly in arrears for changes in feed cost, which may cause our agreed-upon pricing under these contracts to fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Therefore, our results of operations and financial condition, including our gross margin and profitability, fluctuate based on the cost and supply of commodities, including corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients. 
 Although feed ingredients are available from a number of sources, we have little, if any, control over the prices of these ingredients, which are affected by weather, speculators, export restrictions, various supply and demand factors, geopolitical tensions, inflation, transportation and storage costs, and agricultural and energy policies in the United States and internationally. We saw increasing prices for conventional and organic corn and soybean crops on a global basis in 2021 and 2022, including increased prices resulting from the Russia-Ukraine war and measures taken in response thereto, inflation and supply chain shortages. In December 2022, we implemented a commodity hedging program for conventional and organic feed ingredients. If we are unable to successfully conduct this program to hedge against the impact of continued commodity price fluctuations, our financial condition and results of operations may be impacted. 
 22 

We may not be able to increase our product prices enough or in a timely manner to sufficiently offset increased commodity costs due to consumer price sensitivity or the pricing postures of our competitors and, in many cases, our retailers may not accept a price increase or may require price increases to occur after a specified period of time elapses. Over time, if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, unable to offset operating cost increases with continuous improvement savings or unsuccessful in our current or any future commodity hedging program, then commodity price volatility or increases could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to effectively expand our processing, manufacturing and production capacity as we continue to grow and scale our business, our business and operating results and our brand reputation could be harmed. 
 While our current supply, processing and manufacturing capabilities are sufficient to meet our present business needs, we may need to expand these capabilities in the future as we continue to grow and scale our business. For example, in fiscal 2022 we completed an expansion of Egg Central Station, our shell egg processing facility in Springfield, Missouri, to increase our capacity for the distribution of shell eggs. Additionally, we announced that we have begun the design and the site selection process for our next egg packing center. However, there is risk in our ability to effectively scale production and processing and effectively manage our supply chain requirements. We must accurately forecast demand for our products in order to ensure we have adequate processing and manufacturing capacity to effectively allocate product supply across our stock keeping units, or SKUs. 
 Our forecasts are based on multiple assumptions that, if inaccurate, may affect our ability to maintain adequate processing and manufacturing capacities (or co-processing and co-manufacturing capacities) in order to meet the demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand. If we fail to meet demand for our products and, as a result, consumers who have previously purchased our products buy other brands or our retailers allocate shelf space to other brands, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 On the other hand, if we overestimate our demand or overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized supply or other assets and may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our processing and manufacturing capabilities with demand, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A substantial amount of our shell eggs are processed at our Egg Central Station processing facility. Any damage or disruption at this facility may harm our business. 
 A substantial amount of our shell egg processing occurs at our Egg Central Station shell egg processing facility. Any shutdown or period of reduced production at Egg Central Station, which may be caused by regulatory noncompliance or other issues, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as natural disaster, weather, fire, power interruption, work stoppage, disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19), equipment failure or delay in raw materials delivery, would significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products in a timely manner, meet our contractual obligations and operate our business. Further, the processing equipment used for our shell eggs is costly to replace or repair, particularly because certain of our processing equipment is sourced internationally. In fiscal 2022, we saw pricing and capacity constraints related to internationally sourced equipment, and our equipment supply chains may be further disrupted in connection with public health pandemics, geopolitical tensions and wars, including the Russia-Ukraine war, inflation, trade wars or other factors. If any material amount of our machinery were damaged, we could be unable to predict when, if at all, we could replace or repair such machinery or find co-manufacturers with suitable alternative machinery, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The property and business disruption insurance we maintain for Egg Central Station may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 If we fail to effectively maintain relationships with our existing farm network or further expand our farm network, our business, operating results and brand reputation could be harmed. 
 We source our eggs and cream for our products from our network of family farms, which is the foundation of our supply chain. If we are unable to maintain and expand this supply chain because of actions taken by farmers or other events outside of our control, we may be unable to timely supply distributors and customers with our products, which could lead to cancellation of purchase orders, damage to our commercial relationships and impairment of our brand. For example, we require our egg farmers to build and equip their farms to certain specifications, which requires a significant upfront capital investment, and any inability of farmers to obtain adequate financing on acceptable terms, including due to interest rate increases, would impair their ability to contract with us. These and other factors, including economic uncertainty, may make it more difficult for us to recruit and attract new farmers to our network in a number sufficient to meet product demand. 
 23 

There are a number of factors that could impair our relationship with farmers, many of which are outside of our control. While we strive to operate our business in a manner that drives long-term and sustainable benefits for our stakeholders, including our farmers, we may make strategic decisions that the farmers disagree with and which could cause the farmers to terminate their relationships with us. Reputational harm resulting from impairment of our relationship with existing farmers may also make it more difficult to attract new farmers to expand our network. If our relationship with our existing or future farmers is disrupted due to these or other factors, we may not be able to sustain the supply necessary to meet customer and consumer demand for our products, each of which would negatively impact our operating results. Any failure to maintain or expand our farm network would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future expansions of our processing capacity may not provide us with the benefits we expect to receive. 
 In April 2022, we completed a significant expansion of our Egg Central Station processing facility and we announced that we have begun the design and site selection process for our next egg packing center. If the design and site selection process does not proceed as anticipated, if the potential new egg packing center is not brought up to full processing capacity or if we are unable to hire, train and retain crew members to support an additional egg packing center, we may not be able to fully realize the potential benefits of such additional egg packing center and our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to effectively price our products or implement price increases, our financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 The prices of our products are driven by a number of factors, including supply constraints, customer and consumer demand, inflation, input costs and market conditions. In response to such conditions, we increased prices on certain of our products in January 2022, May 2022 and January 2023. While we have not yet seen significant decreases in sales volume due to such price increases, if we further increase prices, we could experience lower margins, declining demand for our products, decreased ability to attract new customers and lower sales volumes. If price increases result in a greater spread between the price of our products and the price of conventional or private-label products, consumers may be less willing to pay a premium for our products, particularly in times of economic uncertainty. Additionally, our retail customers may not accept such price increases or may require increased promotional activity. If we cannot effectively price our products or carry out price increases, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Increased transportation and freight costs or failure by our transportation providers to pick up raw materials or deliver our products on time, in compliance with applicable governmental regulations or at all, have adversely impact and are expected to continue to adversely impact our operating results. 
 We rely upon third-party transportation providers for a significant portion of our raw material transportation and product shipments. Our utilization of pickup and delivery services for shipments is subject to risks, including increases in fuel prices, driver shortages, trucking capacity limitations due to general increases in freight demand, employee and contractor strikes or unavailability (including due to disease outbreaks and pandemics, such as COVID-19) or inclement weather, any of which could increase our transportation and freight costs. For example, due in part to increased labor costs arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and rising fuel costs due to international tensions and wars, we saw during fiscal 2022 increased transportation and freight costs, and we expect that these elevated costs could remain in effect for the foreseeable future. Further increases in transportation and freight costs could have an adverse effect on our ability to increase or to maintain production on a profitable basis and could therefore adversely affect our operating results. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough or in a timely manner to sufficiently offset increased transportation costs due to consumer price sensitivity or the pricing postures of our competitors and, in many cases, our retailers may not accept a price increase or may require price increases to occur after a specified period of time elapses. In addition, if we increase prices to offset higher transportation and freight costs, we could experience lower demand for our products, decreased ability to attract new customers and lower sales volumes. 
 Furthermore, noncompliance by our third-party transportation providers with applicable regulatory requirements may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. Due to increased costs or noncompliance by our transportation providers with applicable regulatory requirements, we may change shipping companies, and we could face logistical difficulties with any such change that could adversely affect deliveries. In addition, we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results. 
 24 

Our future business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by reduced or limited availability of eggs, cream and other raw materials that meet our standards. 
 Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of eggs, cream and other raw materials for our products at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control. In particular, we rely on the farms that supply us with eggs and cream to implement controls and procedures to manage the risk of exposing animals to harmful diseases, but outbreaks may occur despite their efforts. An outbreak of disease could result in increased government restriction on the sale and distribution of our products, and negative publicity could impact customer and consumer perception of our products, even if an outbreak does not directly impact the animals from which we source our products. Our farm network for our shell eggs is in a geographic region we refer to as the Pasture Belt, which is a term we use that refers to the U.S. region where the weather is conducive to hens being outside as much as possible. Our cream supply is located in Ohio and New York. The occurrence of a natural disaster in any of these regions could have a significant negative impact on us, the farmers and our supply chain. Additionally, the animals from which our products are sourced, the crops on which we rely for feed and the pastures on which these animals are raised, are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, droughts, frosts, earthquakes, hurricanes and pestilence. Disease, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can adversely impact pasture quantity and quality, leading to reduced yields and quality, which in turn could reduce the available supply of, or increase the price of, our raw materials. If we raised prices for our products to account for this increase, we could experience decreased demand for our products and lower sales volumes, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also compete with other food companies in the procurement of eggs and cream, and this competition may increase in the future if consumer demand increases for these items or products containing them or if competitors increasingly offer products in these market sectors. If supplies of eggs and cream that meet our quality standards are reduced or are in greater demand, we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply to meet our needs on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Our supply may also be affected by the number and size of farms that raise chickens and cows that meet our standards, changes in U.S. and global economic conditions and our ability to forecast our raw materials requirements. For example, in order to meet our standards, we require our egg farms to invest in infrastructure at the outset of our relationship. The typical upfront investment for each of the farms is significant and many of the farmers seek financing assistance from local and regional banks as well as federal government loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or USDA, Farm Service Agency. Changes in U.S. and global economic conditions, interest rate increases or any U.S. government shutdown could significantly affect the loans available to farmers. Many of these farmers have alternative income opportunities and the relative financial performance of raising chickens and cows in accordance with our standards as compared to other potentially more profitable opportunities could affect their interest in working with us. Any of these factors could impact our ability to supply our products to distributors and customers and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully in our highly competitive market. 
 We compete with large egg companies such as Cal-Maine, Inc. and large international food companies such as Ornua Co-operative Limited (Kerrygold). We also compete directly with local and regional egg and dairy companies, as well as private-label specialty products processed by other egg and dairy companies. Each of these competitors may have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and some of our competitors' products are well accepted in the marketplace today. They may also have lower operational costs, and as a result may be able to offer comparable or substitute products to customers at lower costs. This could put pressure on us to lower our prices, resulting in lower profitability or, in the alternative, cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Conversely, if we were to raise prices, including as a result of fluctuations in the shell egg market, increased commodity or raw material costs, increased packaging or transportation costs or otherwise, any resulting decline in consumer demand for our products may be exacerbated by the competitiveness of our market. 
 Generally, the food industry is dominated by multinational corporations with substantially greater resources and operations than we have. We cannot be certain that we will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater financial, sales and technical resources. Conventional food companies may acquire our competitors or launch their own egg and butter products, and they may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities, among other things. Retailers also market competitive products under their own private labels, which are generally sold at lower prices, and may change the merchandising of our products so they have less favorable placement. Larger competitors may also be less affected by economic disruption and uncertainty, including with respect to inflation, global economic conditions or agricultural diseases such as avian influenza, than we are. These competitive pressures could cause us to lose market share, which may require us to lower prices, increase marketing and advertising expenditures or increase the use of discounting or promotional campaigns, each of which would adversely affect our margins and could result in a decrease in our operating results and profitability. 
 25 

Failure to leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private-label products, especially during an economic downturn, may adversely affect our profitability. 
 In many product categories, we compete not only with other well-advertised nationally branded products, but also with private-label products. Such private-label products generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers are more likely to purchase our products if they believe that our products provide a higher quality and greater value than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in perceived value between our brands and private-label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are profitable for us. We believe that in periods of economic uncertainty, particularly in periods of uncertainty driven by high inflation, consumers may purchase more often from lower-priced private-label or other economy brands. To the extent this occurs, we could experience a decrease in the sales volume of our higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. In addition, our foodservice product sales will be reduced if consumers reduce the amount of food that they consume away-from-home at our foodservice customers, including as a result of public health pandemics or economic uncertainty driven by inflation or other factors. 
 We currently have a limited number of co-manufacturers. Loss of one or more of our co-manufacturers or our failure to timely identify and establish relationships with new co-manufacturers could harm our business and impede our growth. 
 A significant amount of our revenue is derived from products manufactured at facilities owned and operated by our co-manufacturers. We currently rely on two co-manufacturers for hard-boiled eggs, two co-manufacturers for stick butter, one co-manufacturer for spreadable tub butter and one co-manufacturer for liquid eggs. While we currently have written manufacturing contracts with our co-manufacturer for spreadable tub butter and one of our co-manufacturers for hard-boiled eggs, we do not currently have written manufacturing contracts with our other co-manufacturers. Due to the absence of written contracts with certain of our co-manufacturers, these co-manufacturers can generally seek to alter or terminate their relationships with us at any time, leaving us with periods during which we have limited or no ability to manufacture certain of our products. 
 In addition, due to the limited number of co-manufacturers, an interruption in, or the loss of operations at, one or more of our co-manufacturing facilities, which may be caused by work stoppages, regulatory issues or noncompliance, disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19), war, terrorism, fire, earthquakes, flooding or other weather or natural disasters, could delay, postpone or reduce production of some of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations until such time as the interruption is resolved or an alternate source of production is secured, especially in times of low inventory. 
 We believe there are a limited number of competent, high-quality co-manufacturers in our industry that meet our geographical requirements and our strict quality and control standards, and should we seek to obtain additional or alternative co-manufacturing arrangements in the future, there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so on satisfactory terms, in a timely manner, or at all. Therefore, the loss of one or more co-manufacturers, any disruption or delay at a co-manufacturer or any failure to identify and engage co-manufacturers for new products and product extensions could delay, postpone or reduce production of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Outbreaks of agricultural diseases, including avian influenza, the perception that outbreaks may occur or regulatory or market responses to outbreaks could reduce supply or demand for our products and harm our business. 
 Our business activities are subject to a variety of agricultural risks, including pests and diseases such as avian influenza, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect the quality and quantity of products, including shell eggs, that we distribute. Since the outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza, or HPAI, in early 2022, we have been closely following the progression of the virus. To date, we have experienced outbreaks at two of our farms, one located in Missouri and one in Tennessee. While we have not experienced material disruptions to our egg supply due to such outbreaks, if a substantial portion of our farms or production facilities were affected by an outbreak of HPAI, or a disease like it, this could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even if our farms and production facilities were not directly impacted by avian disease, we may nevertheless be negatively affected by resulting governmental restrictions on our operations and the sale and distribution of our products, as well as negative publicity and impacted consumer perceptions for our industry. Such impacts could result in decreased consumer demand for our products and impact our operating results. Additionally, certain states in which our family farms are located recommended or required at certain points during fiscal 2022 that farms keep hens indoors to help limit exposure to avian influenza. Prolonged requirements to keep our hens indoors could adversely impact consumer perception of our egg products in comparison to those of our competitors, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 26 

We could be adversely affected by a change in consumer preferences, perception and spending habits in the natural food industry generally and on animal-based products in particular, and failure to develop or enrich our product offerings or gain market acceptance of our new products could have a negative effect on our business. 
 We have positioned our brand to capitalize on growing consumer interest in natural, clean-label, traceable, ethically produced, great-tasting and nutritious foods. The market in which we operate is subject to changes in consumer preference, perception and spending habits. Our performance depends significantly on factors that may affect the level and pattern of consumer spending in the U.S. natural food industry market in which we operate. Such factors include consumer preference, consumer confidence, consumer income, consumer perception of the safety and quality of our products and shifts in the perceived value for our products relative to alternatives. Media coverage regarding the safety or quality of, or diet or health issues relating to, our products or the raw materials, ingredients or processes involved in their manufacturing may damage consumer confidence in our products. A general decline in the consumption of our products could occur at any time as a result of change in consumer preference, perception, confidence and spending habits, including an unwillingness to pay a premium or an inability to purchase our products due to financial hardship or increased price sensitivity, which may be exacerbated by economic uncertainty and general inflationary trends. For example, we and many of our customers face pressure from animal rights groups to require all companies that supply food products to operate their business in a manner that treats animals in conformity with certain standards developed or approved by these animal rights groups. If consumer preferences shift away from animal-based products for these reasons, because of a preference for plant-based products or otherwise, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The success of our products depends on a number of factors, including our ability to accurately anticipate changes in market demand and consumer preferences, our ability to differentiate the quality of our products from those of our competitors, and the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns for our products. We may not be successful in identifying trends in consumer preferences and developing products that respond to such trends in a timely manner. We also may not be able to effectively promote our products by our marketing and advertising campaigns and gain market acceptance. If our products fail to gain market acceptance, are restricted by regulatory requirements or have quality problems, we may not be able to fully recover costs and expenses incurred in our operation, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 A limited number of distributors represent a substantial portion of our sales, and the loss of one or more distributor relationships that cannot be replaced in a timely manner may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our products are distributed through a broker-distributor-retailer network whereby brokers represent our products to distributors and retailers who in turn sell our products to consumers. We serve the majority of natural channel customers through food distributors, such as United Natural Foods, Inc., or UNFI, and KeHE Distributors, LLC, or KeHE, which purchase, store, sell and deliver our products to retailers, including Whole Foods and Sprouts. 
 In fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, UNFI (which was Whole Foods' primary distributor other than from April 2020 to August 2021) accounted for approximately 15 , 18 and 26 of our net revenue, respectively, and KeHE accounted for approximately 12 , 10 and less than 10 of our net revenue, respectively. Since these distributors act as intermediaries between us and the retail grocers or foodservice providers, who generally select the distributors, we do not have short-term or long-term commitments or minimum purchase volumes in our contracts with distributors that ensure future sales of our products. These distributors are able to decide on the products carried, and they may limit the products available for retailers, such as Whole Foods and Sprouts, to purchase. We expect that most of our sales will be made through a core number of distributors for the foreseeable future. The loss of one or more of our significant distributor relationships that cannot be replaced in a timely manner (or at all), under similar terms and conditions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on hatcheries and pullet farms to supply our farmer network with laying hens. Any disruption in that supply chain could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Under the terms of our contracts with our network of family farms, while we do not own laying hens, we are generally responsible for coordinating the acquisition and delivery of laying hens to the farmers. In order to meet these obligations, we place orders for chicks directly with hatcheries intended to supply a future year s production of eggs at least a year in advance. Once the chicks are hatched, they are delivered to a network of pullet farms, who rear the chicks to approximately 16 to 18 weeks of age, at which time they begin laying eggs. The hens are then delivered directly from the pullet farms to our network of family farms, which then place the hens into egg production. 
 We work primarily with three pullet hatcheries that contract with a network of independent pullet farms. We do not have a long-term supply contract with these suppliers, and if the suppliers were to cease doing business with us for any reason, we may have a difficult time finding and contracting with alternate pullet farms in sufficient scale to meet our needs, if at all. Additionally, any disruption in these supply services for any reason, including agricultural disease such as avian influenza, natural disaster, fire, power interruption, work stoppage or other calamity, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we cannot replace these providers in a timely manner on acceptable terms or at all. 
 27 

Increases in interest rates could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business and operating results could be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms of and increases in interest rates. These changes could cause our cost of doing business to increase and limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities. Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our operations. A significant reduction in cash flows from operations or reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve planned growth and operating results. 
 Higher interest rates may also adversely impact the ability of our family farmers to access capital. We require our egg farmers to build and equip their farms to certain specifications, which requires a significant upfront capital investment, and any inability of farmers to obtain adequate financing on acceptable terms, including as a result of interest rate increases, would impair their ability to partner with us. If our relationship with these egg farmers is disrupted, we may not be able to fully recover our investments in birds and feed, which would negatively impact our operating results. 
 Consolidation of retail customers or the loss of a significant retail customer could negatively impact our sales and profitability. 
 Our retail customers include natural channel and mainstream channel stores, which have been undergoing a consolidation in recent years. This consolidation has produced larger, more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases, as well as operate with lower inventories, decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private-label products, all of which could negatively impact our business. 
 With certain of our retail customers, like Whole Foods, we sell our products through distributors. We are not able to precisely attribute our net revenue to a specific retailer for products sold through distributors. We rely on third-party data to calculate the portion of retail sales attributable to retailers, but this data is inherently imprecise because it is based on gross sales generated by our products sold at retailers, without accounting for price concessions, promotional activities or chargebacks, and because it measures retail sales for only the portion of our retailers serviced through distributors. Based on this third-party data and internal analysis, Whole Foods accounted for approximately 28 , 29 and 23 of our retail sales in fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Kroger accounted for approximately 13 , 12 and 12 of our retail sales in fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The loss of Whole Foods, Kroger or any other large retail customer, or the reduction of purchasing levels or the cancellation of any business from Whole Foods, Kroger or any other large retail customer, for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profitability. 
 A retailer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot always anticipate or control, such as their financial condition, changes in their business strategy or operations, the introduction of competing products or the perceived quality of our products. Despite operating in different channel segments, our retailers sometimes compete for the same consumers. Because of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this competition, retailers may take actions that negatively affect us. Consequently, our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the actions of one or more significant retailers. 
 We source substantially all of our shell egg cartons from a sole source supplier, and any disruptions may impact our ability to sell our eggs. 
 We obtain substantially all of the packaging for our shell eggs from a sole-source supplier. Any disruption in the supply of our shell egg cartons, including as a result of interruptions to global shipping, could delay our production and hinder our ability to meet our commitments to customers. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of our packaging on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, or if we are unable to obtain alternative sources, sales of our products could be delayed or we may be required to redesign our products. For example, in connection with increased demand for shell eggs in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the supplier of substantially all of our shell egg cartons began to prioritize packaging for core egg products (such as 12-count packages), and we separately experienced certain quality issues with our 18-count egg cartons. As a result of these events, and in order to otherwise meet demand for our products, we began using recycled plastic packaging for certain of our shell egg products. While this change in packaging did not materially impact our operations, there is no guarantee that we will not experience similar packaging issues in the future, or that any such packaging issues will not impact our ability to meet product demand for our shell eggs. Any of these events could result in lost sales, price increases, reduced gross margins or damage to our customer relationships, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because we rely on a limited number of third-party cold storage vendors to store our products, we may not be able to maintain or obtain the capacity necessary to store our products. 
 We rely on a limited number of cold storage providers to store our products. Our financial performance depends in large part on our ability to obtain adequate cold storage facilities services in a timely manner. We are not assured of continued cold storage capacities. Certain of our cold storage providers could discontinue or seek to alter their relationship with us. In addition, we are not assured of sufficient capacities of these providers commensurate with increased product demand. 
 28 

Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or food safety issues with our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. 
 We believe our consumers rely on us to provide them with high-quality products. Therefore, real or perceived quality or food safety concerns or failures to comply with applicable food regulations and requirements, whether or not ultimately based on fact and whether or not involving us (such as incidents involving our competitors), could cause negative publicity and reduced confidence in our company, brand or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and sales, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our products may be subject to contamination by foreign materials or disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as salmonella and E. coli. These organisms and pathogens are found generally in the environment and there is a risk that one or more could be present in our products, either as a result of food processing or as an inherent risk based on the nature of our products. These organisms and pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further-processing, foodservice or consumer level. These risks may be controlled, but may not be eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. Shipment of contaminated products, even if inadvertent, could result in a violation of law and lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls and increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies, penalties and adverse publicity. In addition, products purchased from other producers, including co-manufacturers, could contain contaminants that we might inadvertently redistribute. 
 If our products become contaminated, or if there is a potential health risk associated with our products, we or our co-manufacturers might decide or need to recall a product. Any product recall could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products and adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers. For example, in December 2019, our co-manufacturer for hard-boiled eggs conducted a voluntary Class I recall of all hard-boiled eggs produced at its facility, including ours, due to potential listeria contamination at the production facility. In connection with the recall, our co-manufacturer elected to permanently close the affected production facility and move all production to a different facility. As a result, we were unable to supply customers with hard-boiled eggs for a period of time in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, which led to the loss of certain customer accounts for this product, the revenues from which were immaterial in the aggregate. 
 We also have no control over our products once purchased by consumers. For example, consumers may store our products under conditions and for periods of time inconsistent with USDA, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and other governmental guidelines, which may adversely affect the quality and safety of our products. 
 If consumers do not perceive our products to be of high quality or safe, then the value of our brand would be diminished, and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the quality and safety of our products would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our market positioning as a socially conscious purveyor of high-quality products and may significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any of our products, regardless of the cause, may have an adverse effect on our brand, reputation and operating results. Further, the growing use of social and digital media by us, our consumers and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative publicity about us, our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We must expend resources to maintain consumer awareness of our brand, build brand loyalty and generate interest in our products. Our marketing strategies and channels will evolve and our programs may or may not be successful. 
 In order to remain competitive and expand and keep shelf placement for our products, we have increased and may continue to increase our marketing and advertising spending to maintain and increase consumer awareness, protect and grow our existing market share or promote new products, which could impact our operating results. Further advertising and promotional expenditures may be required to maintain or improve our brand s market position or to introduce new products to the market, and participants in our industry are increasingly engaging with non-traditional media, including consumer outreach through social media and web-based channels, which may not prove successful. 
 Increases in our marketing and advertising efforts may not maintain our current reputation or lead to increased brand awareness. Further, social media platforms frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display of results of a user s search and may make other changes to the way results are displayed, or may increase the costs of such advertising, which can negatively affect the placement of our links and, therefore, reduce the number of visits to our website and social media channels or make such marketing cost prohibitive. In addition, social media platforms typically require compliance with their policies and procedures, which may be subject to change or new interpretation with limited ability to negotiate, which could negatively impact our marketing capabilities. If we are unable to maintain and promote a favorable perception of our brand and products on a cost-effective basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 29 

If we fail to develop and maintain our brand, our business could suffer. 
 We have developed a strong and trusted brand that has contributed significantly to the success of our business, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of the Vital Farms brand. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend on, among other factors, the success of our product offerings, food safety, quality assurance, marketing and merchandising efforts, our continued focus on animal welfare, the environment and sustainability and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality consumer and customer experience. Any negative publicity, regardless of its accuracy, could have an adverse effect on our business. Brand value is based on perceptions of subjective qualities, and any incident that erodes the loyalty of our consumers, customers, farmers, suppliers or co-manufacturers, including changes to our products or packaging, adverse publicity or a governmental investigation, litigation or regulatory enforcement action, could significantly reduce the value of our brand and significantly damage our business. 
 If we fail to cost-effectively acquire new consumers or retain our existing consumers, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our success, and our ability to increase revenue and operate profitably, depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively acquire new consumers, retain existing consumers and keep existing consumers engaged so that they continue to purchase our products. While we intend to continue to invest significantly in sales and marketing to educate consumers about our brand, our values and our products, there is no assurance that these efforts will generate further demand for our products or expand our consumer base. Our ability to attract new consumers and retain our existing consumers will depend on the perceived value and quality of our products, consumers desire to purchase ethically produced products at a premium, offerings of our competitors, our ability to offer new and relevant products and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, among other items. For example, because our shell eggs are sold to consumers at a premium price point, when prices for commodity shell eggs fall relative to the price of our shell eggs, we may be unable to entice price-sensitive consumers to try our products. We may also lose loyal consumers to our competitors if we are unable to meet consumer demand in a timely manner. If we are unable to cost-effectively acquire new consumers, retain existing consumers and keep existing consumers engaged, our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 Our sales and profits are dependent upon our ability to expand existing customer relationships and acquire new customers. 
 Our business depends on our ability to increase our household penetration, to expand the number of products sold through existing retail customers, to grow within the foodservice channel and to strengthen our product offerings through innovation in both new and existing categories. Any strategies we employ to pursue this growth are subject to numerous factors outside of our control. For example, retailers continue to aggressively market their private-label products, which could reduce demand for our products. The expansion of our business also depends on our ability over the long term to obtain customers in additional distribution channels, such as convenience, drugstore, club, military and international markets. Any growth in distribution channels may also affect our existing customer relationships and present additional challenges, including related to pricing strategies. Additionally, we may need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing and promotional activities, such as rebates, temporary price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities, and these expenditures are subject to risks, including related to consumer acceptance of our efforts. Our failure to obtain new customers, or expand our business with existing customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Demand for shell eggs is subject to seasonal fluctuations and can adversely impact our results of operations in certain quarters. 
 Demand for shell eggs fluctuates in response to seasonal factors. Shell egg demand tends to increase with the start of the school year and is highest prior to holiday periods, particularly Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter, and lowest during the summer months. As a result of these seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, comparisons of our sales and operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful comparisons. If we are not correct in predicting our future shell egg demand, we may experience a supply and demand shell egg imbalance. This imbalance between supply and demand can adversely impact our results of operations at certain times of the year. 
 Packaging costs are volatile, have recently increased and may continue to rise significantly, which may negatively impact our profitability, and any reduced availability of packaging supplies may otherwise impact our business. 
 We and our co-manufacturers purchase and use significant quantities of cardboard, glass, corrugated fiberboard, kraft paper, flexible plastic, flexible film and paperboard to package our products. Costs of packaging are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict, including global competition for resources, weather conditions, consumer demand and changes in governmental trade, and we saw higher packaging costs in the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. Volatility in the prices of supplies we and our co-manufacturers purchase could increase our cost of sales and reduce our profitability. Moreover, although we have not seen significant decreases in volume due to previous price increases, we may not be able to implement further price increases for our products to cover any increased costs, and any price increases we do implement may result in lower consumer demand, decreased ability to attract new customers and lower sales volumes. 
 30 

Additionally, if the availability of certain packaging supplies is limited due to factors beyond our control (including as a result of the public health pandemics or disruptions to global supply chains), or if packaging supplies do not meet our standards, we may make changes to our product packaging, which could negatively impact the perception of our brand. For example, in connection with increased demand for shell eggs in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the supplier of substantially all of our shell egg cartons began to prioritize packaging for core egg products (such as 12-count packages), and we separately experienced certain quality issues with our 18-count egg cartons. As a result of these events, and in order to otherwise meet demand for our products, we began using recycled plastic packaging for certain of our shell egg products. If we are not successful in managing our packaging costs or the supply of packaging that meets our standards to use for our products, if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our sales volumes, any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our net revenue and earnings may fluctuate as a result of price actions, promotional activities and chargebacks. 
 Retailers may require price concessions that would negatively impact our margins and our profitability. Alternatively, we may increase our prices to offset commodity inflation and potentially impact our margins and volume. In addition, we periodically offer sales incentives through various programs to customers and consumers, including rebates, temporary price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. 
 Additionally, while we continue to work to optimize supply chain logistics, we are occasionally charged fees and/or fines by retailers for various delivery and order discrepancies. While we challenge and vet these charges, we may be subject to such charges that could be detrimental to our performance, particularly when combined with the effects of increased freight costs or the other risks outlined in this section. The cost associated with promotions and chargebacks is estimated and recorded as a reduction in net revenue. We anticipate that these price concessions, promotional activities and chargebacks could adversely impact our net revenue and that changes in such activities could adversely impact period-over-period results. If we are not correct in predicting the performance of promotions, or if we are not correct in estimating chargebacks, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to retain and motivate members of our management team or other key crew members, or fail to attract, train, develop and retain additional qualified crew members to support our operations, our business and future growth prospects would be harmed. 
 Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers as well as our other key crew members. These executives and key crew members have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand, culture and the reputation we enjoy with farmers, suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, customers and consumers. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key crew members resulting from the hiring or departure of these personnel. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, or the failure by our executive team to effectively work with our crew members and lead our company, could harm our business. 
 In addition, our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, train, develop and retain a sufficient number of crew members who understand and appreciate our culture and can represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. If we are unable to win in a competitive market for top talent capable of meeting our business needs and expectations, our business and brand image may be impaired. For example, in Springfield, Missouri, where Egg Central Station is located, there is a tight labor market. As a result of this tight labor market, we may be unable to attract and retain crew members with the skills we require, particularly given the need for additional crew members due to our expansion of Egg Central Station. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our crew members may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we cannot maintain our company culture or focus on our purpose as we grow, our success and our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture and our purpose have been key contributors to our success to date and that the critical nature of the platform that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our crew members. Any failure to preserve our culture or focus on our purpose could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important values. We may also have difficulty preserving our company culture as a large portion of our existing and newly hired workforce is working remotely on a permanent basis. If we fail to maintain our company culture or focus on our purpose, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 31 

Our operations are geographically consolidated. A major tornado or other natural disaster within the region in which we operate could seriously disrupt our entire business. 
 Egg Central Station, our shell egg processing facility, is located in Springfield, Missouri. This facility and our network of family farms supporting our shell egg business are concentrated in the Midwestern portion of the Pasture Belt. The cream for our butter is sourced from two separate and distinct geographical areas, one area in the Midwest and one area in the Northeast. This supply encompasses a total of approximately 70 farms. Butter is manufactured in close proximity to the Midwest farm supply. The impact of natural disasters such as tornadoes, drought or flood within these areas is difficult to predict, particularly given the potential of climate change to increase the frequency and intensity of such natural disasters, but a natural disaster could seriously disrupt our entire business. Our insurance may not adequately cover our losses and expenses in the event of a natural disaster. As a result, natural disasters within these areas could lead to substantial losses. 
 Our inability to maintain our GFSI and SQF Select Site certifications may negatively affect our reputation. 
 The Safe Quality Food Institute administers the SQF Program, which is a third-party auditing program that examines and certifies food producers with respect to certain aspects of the producer s business, including food safety, quality control and social, environmental and occupational health and safety management systems. The SQF Select Site certification is one of a number of available SQF certifications and involves both auditing for food safety issues and unannounced inspections by SQF personnel on an annual basis. 
 The Global Food Safety Initiative, or GFSI, is a private organization established and managed by an international trade association, The Consumer Goods Forum. GFSI operates a benchmarking scheme whereby certification bodies, such as the SQF Program, are recognized as meeting certain criteria maintained by GFSI. GFSI itself does not certify or accredit entities in the food industry. 
 SQF Select Site certification and the GFSI recognition of the SQF Program do not themselves have any independent legal significance and do not necessarily signal regulatory compliance. As a practice matter, however, certain retailers, including some of our largest customers, require SQF certification or certification by another GFSI-recognized program as a condition for doing business. Loss of SQF Select Site certification could impair our ability to do business with these customers, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Socioeconomic, Political and Environmental Factors 
 Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Adverse and uncertain economic conditions, including uncertainty related to inflation, market volatility, outbreaks of contagious disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or geopolitical tensions and wars, including the Russia-Ukraine war, may impact distributor, retailer, foodservice and consumer demand for our products. In addition, our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our farmers, suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, retailers, foodservice consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns. In particular, consumers may reduce the amount of our egg products that they purchase where there are more affordable products, including caged, cage-free and free-range egg and egg product offerings, which generally have lower retail prices than our eggs. In addition, our products are sold to consumers at a premium price point, and in an economic downturn, consumers may choose to purchase private-label or commodity products rather than our products because they are generally less expensive. 
 An economic downturn may cause customers to be less receptive to price increases on our products. Adverse economic conditions may also affect our farmers. In fiscal 2022, inflationary factors resulted in increased costs for our farmers to build, equip and operate their farms. If our relationship with our existing farmers, or our ability to attract new farmers, is disrupted due to economic conditions or otherwise, our operating results may be adversely affected. Further, our foodservice product sales will be reduced if consumers reduce the amount of food they consume away from home at our foodservice customers, including as a result of inflationary concerns or other economic uncertainty. Distributors and customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon, among other things, our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors, retailer and foodservice customers, our ability to attract new consumers, the financial condition of our consumers and our ability to provide products that appeal to consumers at the right price. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 
 32 

Disruptions in international trade, including disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia-Ukraine war, may have a material adverse impact on us, our suppliers and our network of farms, including our ability to expand our operations as planned. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine war have disrupted international trade, resulting in increased shipping costs and delays in the import and export of goods to and from the United States and other countries. Specifically, the increased demand for international shipping has resulted in shortages of shipping containers and delays at international ports. We, our suppliers and our network of family farms are dependent on equipment and other supplies imported from Europe and other locations. To the extent that disruptions to global shipping, including disruptions due to COVID-19 pandemic or geopolitical tensions or wars, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, negatively impact our, our suppliers and our network of farms ability to access necessary goods, we may not be able to expand our operations as planned, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 A U.S. federal government shutdown could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The partial shutdown of the U.S. federal government that began in late 2018 and continued into 2019 adversely impacted many of our family farmers ability to access capital, as these farmers receive funding through farm loan programs of the USDA Farm Service Agency. The partial shutdown also impacted our ability to receive governmental approvals for products and labeling of new products. Another U.S. federal government shutdown of similar or greater duration could similarly impact our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The impact of public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, on any of our farmers, suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors or transportation or logistics providers may negatively affect the price and availability of our raw materials and impact our supply chain. If the disruptions caused by such pandemics, including interruptions to global shipping that may impact our and our farmers' and other suppliers ability to access equipment and other materials, continue for an extended period of time, our ability to meet the demands of our customers or to expand as planned may be materially impacted. If we are forced to scale back hours of operation or close our facilities in response to public health threats, or if the effects of COVID-19 or related mitigation measures make it difficult to adequately staff the facility to meet our capacity demands, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Uncertainties regarding the economic impacts of public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, may result in sustained market turmoil, which could also negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market efforts to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations. 
 There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases emissions may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather conditions, and the frequency and severity of natural disasters. If climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain raw materials that are necessary for our products, including corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients. We may further be subject to unpredictable water availability due to the impact of climate change, and the lack of available water may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 Additionally, extreme weather and natural disasters exacerbated by climate change may impact our business. The egg farms in our network are all geographically located in a region that provides an environment conducive to year-round raising of chickens. However, if climate change negatively impacts the year-round habitability of this region for chickens, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for our eggs. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those caused by climate change, can adversely impact pasture conditions, leading to reduced yields and quality. For example, in the summer of 2022, extreme temperatures in the Pasture Belt contributed to lower-than-normal shell egg yield at certain of our farms. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may also impact the habitability and pasture conditions of the farms where we source cream for our butter products. Further, we may incur increased transportation, storage and processing costs if we are unable to source products within a certain distance from our processing and co-manufacturing facilities due to the effects of climate change. 
 Governmental and market concern about climate change and its effects may result in additional legal or regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases or water usage. Such laws or regulations, to the extent applicable to us or our suppliers, co-manufacturers or service providers, may result in significant increases to our costs of operation, particularly the supply chain and distribution costs associated with our products. 
 33 

Failure to adequately respond to stakeholder scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, or failure to achieve our ESG goals, could adversely impact our reputation and brand. 
 Our business faces increasing scrutiny related to ESG issues, including sustainable development, product packaging, renewable resources, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, climate change, diversity and inclusion, workplace conduct, human rights, philanthropy and support for local communities. In December 2022, we announced a series of ESG goals relating to, among other things, ecological impacts, diversity and inclusion, governance accountability and climate change. There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve our ESG goals. Failure to achieve our ESG goals could damage our reputation and brand image and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 Implementation of our environmental and sustainability initiatives, including in connection with our ESG goals and annual impact report, may require certain financial expenditures and crew member resources, and if we are unable to meet our ESG goals or other applicable standards or expectations with respect to ESG issues, this could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and brand and negatively impact our relationship with our investors, crew members, customers and consumers. 
 Risks Related to Legal and Government Regulation 
 Food safety and food-borne illness incidents or advertising or product mislabeling may materially and adversely affect our business by exposing us to lawsuits, product recalls or regulatory enforcement actions, increasing our operating costs and reducing demand for our product offerings. 
 Selling food for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, and there is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. Illness, injury or death related to allergens, food-borne illnesses, foreign material contamination or other food safety incidents caused by our products, or involving our farmers or other suppliers, could result in the disruption or discontinuance of sales of these products or our relationships with such farmers or suppliers, or otherwise result in increased operating costs, regulatory enforcement actions or harm to our reputation. For example, in December 2019, our co-manufacturer for hard-boiled eggs conducted a voluntary Class I recall of all hard-boiled eggs produced at its facility, including ours, due to a potential listeria contamination at the production facility. Our co-manufacturer elected to permanently close the affected production facility and move all production to a different facility, which did not have sufficient capacity to meet product demand. As a result, we were unable to supply customers with hard-boiled eggs for a period of time in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 Shipment of adulterated or misbranded products, even if inadvertent, can result in criminal or civil liability. Such incidents could also expose us to product liability, negligence or other lawsuits, including consumer class action lawsuits. Any claims brought against us may exceed or be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any judgment against us that is more than our policy limits or not covered by our policies or not subject to insurance would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. 
 The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected raw materials, resulting in higher costs, disruptions in supply and a reduction in our sales. Furthermore, any instances of food contamination or regulatory noncompliance, whether or not caused by our actions, could compel us, our farms or suppliers, our distributors or our customers, depending on the circumstances, to conduct a recall in accordance with FDA or USDA regulations and policies, and comparable state laws. Food recalls could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time and potential loss of existing distributors or customers and a potential negative impact on our ability to attract new customers due to negative consumer experiences or because of an adverse impact on our brand and reputation. The costs of a recall could be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. 
 In addition, food companies have been subject to targeted, large-scale tampering as well as to opportunistic, individual product tampering, and we, like any food company, could be a target for product tampering. Forms of tampering could include the introduction of foreign material, chemical contaminants and pathological organisms into food products, as well as product substitution. Governmental regulations require companies like us to analyze, prepare and implement mitigation strategies specifically to address tampering designed to inflict widespread public health harm. If we do not adequately address the possibility, or any actual instance, of product tampering, we could face possible seizure or recall of our products and the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 34 

Our operations are subject to FDA and USDA federal regulation and state regulation, and there is no assurance that we will be in compliance with all regulations. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, the USDA and other federal, state and local authorities. With respect to eggs in particular, the FDA and the USDA split jurisdiction depending on the type of product involved. While the FDA has primary responsibility for the regulation of shell eggs, the USDA has primary responsibility for the regulation of dried, frozen or liquid eggs and other egg products, subject to certain exceptions. Specifically, our shell eggs, butter, hard-boiled eggs, and ghee products are subject to the requirements of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended, or the FDCA, and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs, among other things, the manufacturing, composition and ingredients, packaging, labeling and safety of most food products. The FDA requires that facilities that manufacture food products comply with a range of requirements, including hazard analysis and preventative controls regulations, current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and supplier verification requirements. Our shell egg operations are further subject to FDA regulatory requirements governing the production, storage and transportation of shell eggs for the control of salmonella. FDA-inspected processing facilities are subject to periodic and for cause inspection by federal, state and local authorities. In addition, certain of our products, such as our liquid whole egg products, are subject to regulation by the USDA, including facility registration, inspection, manufacturing and labeling requirements. We do not control the manufacturing processes of, and rely upon, our co-manufacturers for compliance with cGMPs and other regulatory requirements for the manufacturing of our products that is conducted by our co-manufacturers. If we or our co-manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture products that conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA, the USDA or others, we or they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions, which could materially impact our ability to market our products, result in our co-manufacturers inability to continue manufacturing for us, result in a recall of our products that have already been distributed and result in damage to our brand and reputation. For example, in December 2019, our co-manufacturer for hard-boiled eggs conducted a voluntary Class I recall of all hard-boiled eggs produced at its facility, including ours, due to a potential listeria contamination at the production facility. We rely upon our co-manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA, the USDA or another regulatory authority determines that we or these co-manufacturers have not complied with the applicable regulatory requirements, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 Our liquid whole eggs are subject to the requirements of the Egg Products Inspection Act, or EPIA, and regulations promulgated thereunder by the USDA. The USDA has comprehensive regulations in place that apply to establishments that break, dry and process shell eggs into liquid egg products. This regulatory scheme governs the manufacturing, processing, pasteurizations, packaging, labeling and safety of egg products. Under the EPIA and USDA regulations, establishments that manufacture egg products must comply with the USDA s requirements for sanitation, temperature control, pasteurization and labeling. In addition, in September 2020, the USDA announced that it had finalized its Egg Products Inspection Rule. Pursuant to the regulatory requirements established by this rule, we anticipate that our co-manufacturers liquid whole egg establishment will be required to implement Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point plans within two years after publication of the final rule in the Federal Register and will further be required to implement Sanitary Standard Operating Procedures within one year after publication in the Federal Register. We do not control the manufacturing processes of, and rely upon, our co-manufacturers for compliance with USDA regulations for the manufacturing of our liquid whole egg products, which is conducted by our co-manufacturers. If we or our co-manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture products that conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the USDA or others, we or they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions, which could materially impact our ability to market our products, could result in our co-manufacturers inability to continue manufacturing for us, or could result in a recall of our product that has already been distributed. In addition, we rely upon our co-manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the USDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority determines that we or these co-manufacturers have not complied with the applicable regulatory requirements, our business may be materially impacted. 
 In addition to regulation pursuant to the FDCA, EPIA and FMIA, some of our products are subject to the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, or the AMA. The AMA governs voluntary grade claims that appear on some of our products and are administered by the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, or AMS. For instance, our shell eggs, including those handled by our co-manufacturers, are graded for quality by USDA AMS grading personnel. We do not control the processes in place on our contract farms or with our co-manufacturers (which can affect the assigned grade), and rely upon both to provide us quality, fresh products that meet our stringent quality standards. If we, or our network of family farms and co-manufacturers, cannot successfully manufacture products that confirm with our quality specifications or meet appropriate grading standards under the AMA, we may have difficulty marketing our products or may be required to source our products from other farms and co-manufacturers. 
 35 

Our products that are labeled as organic are subject to the requirements of the Organic Foods Production Act, or OFPA, and the USDA s National Organic Program, or NOP, regulations. The OFPA is a comprehensive regulatory scheme that mandates certain practices and prohibits other practices pertaining to the raising of animals and handling and processing of food products. We, and our network of family farms and co-manufacturers, contract with NOP-accredited certifying agents to ensure that our organic products are produced in compliance with the OFPA and NOP regulations. We do not control the farms where our products are raised and rely on the farms for compliance with the on-farm requirements of the OFPA and NOP regulations. Similarly, we do not control the manufacturing processes of, and we rely upon, our co-manufacturers for compliance with requirements of the OFPA and NOP regulations with respect to organic products handled and manufactured by our co-manufacturers. If we, the farms or the co-manufacturers cannot successfully raise and manufacture products that meet the strict regulatory requirements of the OFPA and the NOP, we or they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions, which could materially impact our ability to market our products as organic, could result in the farms or co-manufacturers inability to continue to raise farm products or manufacture food for us, or we, the farms, or the co-manufacturer could lose the right to market products as organic, and subject us, the farms, or co-manufacturers to civil monetary penalties. If the USDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority determines that we or these co-manufacturers have not complied with the applicable regulatory requirements, our business may be materially impacted. 
 We are also subject to state and local regulations, including product requirements, labeling requirements and import restrictions. For example, the State of Iowa requires that grocery stores which participate in the Special Supplement Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, and which sell eggs produced by chickens advertised as being housed in cage-free, free-range or enriched colony cage environments, also sell conventional eggs produced by chickens that are not so advertised. That regulation impacted the space allocation for non-caged eggs on the shelves of retailers in Iowa and their willingness to carry our eggs. In addition, one or more states could pass regulations that establish requirements that our products would not satisfy. If our products fail to meet such individual state standards or are restricted from being imported into a state by regulatory requirements, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal experience and expert personnel to ensure quality assurance compliance (i.e., assuring that our products are not adulterated or misbranded) and contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analyses of products to ensure compliance with nutrition labeling requirements and to identify any potential contaminants before distribution. Failure by us, the farms or the co-manufacturers to comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits, licenses or registrations relating to our or our co-manufacturers operations could subject us to civil remedies or penalties, including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, warning letters, restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of products, or refusals to permit the import or export of products, as well as potential criminal sanctions, which could result in increased operating costs resulting in a material effect on our operating results and business. See the section titled Government Regulation in Part I, Item 1, Business, of this Annual Report for further information on the regulations to which we are subject. 
 Changes in existing laws or regulations, or the adoption of new laws or regulations may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The manufacture and marketing of food products is highly regulated. We, our farmers, our suppliers and our co-manufacturers are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including the manufacture, packaging, labeling, distribution, advertising, sale, quality and safety of our products, as well as the health and safety of our crew members and the protection of the environment. 
 In the United States, we are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the FDA, the USDA, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, and the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also regulated outside the United States by various international regulatory bodies. In addition, we are subject to certain standards, such as GFSI standards and review by voluntary organizations, such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus National Advertising Division. We could incur costs, including fines, penalties and third-party claims, because of any violations of, or liabilities under, such requirements, including any competitor or consumer challenges relating to compliance with such requirements. For example, in connection with the marketing and advertisement of our products, we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising, including under the auspices of the FTC and the consumer protection statutes of some states. 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate could change significantly and adversely in the future. Any change in manufacturing, labeling or packaging requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in production, either of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. New or revised government laws and regulations could result in additional compliance costs and, in the event of non-compliance, civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, withdrawals, recalls or seizures and confiscations, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 36 

Failure by our network of family farms, suppliers of raw materials or co-manufacturers to comply with food safety, environmental or other laws and regulations, or with the specifications and requirements of our products, may disrupt our supply of products and adversely affect our business. 
 If any of our family farms, suppliers or co-manufacturers fail to comply with food safety, environmental, health and safety or other laws and regulations, or face allegations of non-compliance, their operations may be disrupted and our reputation could be harmed. Additionally, the farms and co-manufacturers are required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with our standards and specifications. In the event of actual or alleged non-compliance, we might be forced to find alternative farms, suppliers or co-manufacturers and we may be subject to lawsuits and/or regulatory enforcement actions related to such non-compliance by the farms, suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result, our supply of eggs and other raw materials or finished inventory could be disrupted or our costs could increase, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The failure of any partner farmer or co-manufacturer to produce products that conform to our standards could adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls, product liability claims, government or third-party actions and economic loss. For example, in December 2019, our co-manufacturer for hard-boiled eggs conducted a voluntary Class I recall of all hard-boiled eggs produced at its facility, including ours, due to a potential listeria contamination at the production facility. Additionally, actions we may take to mitigate the impact of any disruption or potential disruption in our supply of eggs and other raw materials or finished inventory, including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential supply or production interruption, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation, proceedings and investigations. 
 Our business operations and ownership and past and present operation of real property are subject to stringent federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment and natural resources. Violation of these laws and regulations could lead to substantial liabilities, fines and penalties or to capital expenditures related to pollution control equipment that could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also experience in the future significant opposition from third parties with respect to our business, including environmental non-governmental organizations, neighborhood groups and municipalities. Additionally, new matters or sites may be identified in the future, including in connection with the potential expansion of our processing capacity, that will require additional environmental investigation, assessment, or expenditures, which could cause additional capital expenditures. Future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of our present or future properties, facilities or waste disposal sites could require us to incur additional expenses, delays to our business and to our proposed construction. The occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Legal claims, government investigations or other regulatory enforcement actions could subject us to civil and criminal penalties. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently, we are subject to a heightened risk of legal claims, government investigations or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our crew members, consultants, independent contractors, farmers, suppliers, co-manufacturers or distributors will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. Legal claims, government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation, financial condition and operating results. In addition, the costs and other effects of defending potential and pending litigation and administrative actions against us may be difficult to determine and could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation or business. 
 From time to time, we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. We are not currently party to any material litigation. 
 Even when not merited, the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future. 
 37 

Furthermore, while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions and caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of our recovery. 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a Certified B Corporation and Public Benefit Corporation 
 Our status as a public benefit corporation and a Certified B Corporation may not result in the benefits that we anticipate. 
 We have elected to be classified as a public benefit corporation under Delaware law. As a public benefit corporation, we are required to balance the financial interests of our stockholders with the best interests of those stakeholders materially affected by our conduct, including particularly those affected by the specific benefit purposes set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. There is no assurance that the expected positive impact from being a public benefit corporation will be realized and our status as a public benefit corporation and compliance with our related obligations could negatively impact our ability to provide the highest possible return to our stockholders. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are required to publicly disclose a report at least biennially on our overall public benefit performance and on our assessment of our success in achieving our specific public benefit purpose. If we are not timely or are unable to provide this report, or if the report is not viewed favorably by parties doing business with us or regulators or others reviewing our credentials, our reputation and status as a public benefit corporation may be harmed. 
 While not required by Delaware law or the terms of our certificate of incorporation, we have elected to have our social and environmental performance, accountability and transparency assessed against the proprietary criteria established by B Lab, an independent non-profit organization. As a result of this assessment, we have been designated as a Certified B Corporation, which refers to companies that are certified as meeting certain levels of social and environmental performance, accountability and transparency. The standards for Certified B Corporation certification are B Lab and may change over time, and our continued certification is at the sole discretion of B Lab. To maintain our certification, we are required to update our assessment and verify our updated score with B Lab every three years. We were most recently recertified as a Certified B Corporation in January 2022. Our reputation could be harmed if we lose our status as a Certified B Corporation, whether by our choice or by our failure to continue to meet the certification requirements, particularly if that failure or change were to create a perception that we are more focused on financial performance and are no longer as committed to the values shared by Certified B Corporations, or if our publicly reported Certified B Corporation score declines. 
 As a public benefit corporation, our duty to balance a variety of interests may result in actions that do not maximize stockholder value. 
 As a public benefit corporation, our board of directors has a duty to balance (i) the pecuniary interest of our stockholders, (ii) the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct and (iii) specific public benefits identified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. While we believe our public benefit designation and associated obligations will benefit our stockholders, in balancing these interests our board of directors may take actions that do not maximize stockholder value. Any benefits to stockholders resulting from our public benefit purposes may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all and may have negative effects. For example: 
 we may choose to revise our policies in ways that we believe will be beneficial to stakeholders other than our stockholders, including farmers, suppliers, crew members and local communities, even though the changes may be costly; 

we may take actions, such as building state-of-the-art facilities with technology and quality control mechanisms that exceed the requirements of USDA and the FDA, even though these actions may be more costly than other alternatives; 

we may be influenced to pursue programs and services to demonstrate our commitment to the communities to which we serve and bringing ethical food to the table, even though there is no immediate return to our stockholders; or 

in responding to a possible proposal to acquire the company, our board of directors may be influenced by the interests of stakeholders other than our stockholders, including farmers, suppliers, crew members and local communities, whose interests may be different from the interests of our stockholders. 

We may be unable or slow to realize the benefits we expect from actions taken to benefit our stakeholders, including farmers, suppliers, crew members and local communities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 38 

As a public benefit corporation, we may be subject to increased derivative litigation concerning our duty to balance stockholder and public benefit interests, the occurrence of which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a Delaware public benefit corporation, our stockholders (if they, individually or collectively, own at least 2 of our outstanding capital stock or shares having at least 2 million in market value (whichever is less)) are entitled to file a derivative lawsuit claiming that our directors failed to balance stockholder and public benefit interests. This potential liability does not exist for traditional corporations. Therefore, we may be subject to the possibility of increased derivative litigation, which would require the attention of management and, as a result, may adversely impact management s ability to effectively execute our strategy. Any such derivative litigation may be costly and have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Being a Public Company 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures. We are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that results in more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Section 404 also generally requires an attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of the exemption permitting us not to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. 
 Our compliance with Section 404 will require that we continue to incur substantial expense and expend significant management efforts to ensure ongoing compliance. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting once that firm conducts its Section 404 reviews, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 We are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. In addition, if we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will no longer be able to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards and as a result will incur additional expenses. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (1) December 28, 2025; (2) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue is 1.235 billion or more; (3) the date on which we have, during the previous rolling three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (4) the last day of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year. 
 39 

We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. For example, if we do not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future results of operations may not be comparable to the results of operations of certain other companies in our industry that have adopted such standards. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 Risks Related to Information Technology and Intellectual Property 
 We rely on information technology systems and any inadequacy, failure, interruption or security breaches of those systems may harm our ability to effectively operate our business. 
 We are dependent on various information technology systems, including, but not limited to, networks, applications and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies and loss of sales, causing our business to suffer. Further, because of our remote work policies, information that is normally protected, including company confidential information, may be less secure and we may be more vulnerable to cyberattacks. In addition, while we have not experienced a material information security breach in the last three years, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, systems failures, viruses and security breaches. Any such damage or interruption could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 A cybersecurity incident or other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers and consumers. 
 We use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our crew members, farmers, suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, customers and consumers. Such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breaches, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. Cybersecurity incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, with third-party phishing and social engineering attacks in particular increasing in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business involves sensitive information and intellectual property, including customers , distributors and suppliers information, private information about crew members and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. Further, as we pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, we also intend to expand and improve our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. 
 We maintain an online ordering platform for certain of our products, and in connection with this platform, our third-party service providers may collect, store, process, and use personal and payment information and other customer and consumer data. Any breach of our data security or that of our service providers could result in an unauthorized release or transfer of information or the loss of valuable business data or cause a disruption in our business. Any such breach could result in harm to our brand and exposure to losses, litigation or regulatory proceedings. 
 While we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of sensitive information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers and distributors, potential liability and competitive disadvantage all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Such risks may be heightened by the fact that a large portion of our existing and newly hired crew members is working remotely on a permanent basis. Technologies and security systems in place at our crew members homes may be less secure than those used in a physical office, and while we have implemented controls and safeguards to help protect our systems as our crew members work from home, we may nevertheless be subject to increased cybersecurity risk, which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The loss of any registered trademark or other intellectual property could enable other companies to compete more effectively with us. 
 We utilize intellectual property in our business. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce our brand and consumers favorable perception of our products. We have invested a significant amount of money in establishing and promoting our trademarked brands. We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise and copyright protection to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our continued success depends, to a significant degree, upon our ability to protect and preserve our intellectual property, including our trademarks and copyrights. 
 40 

We rely on confidentiality agreements and trademark and copyright law to protect our intellectual property rights. Our confidentiality agreements with our crew members and certain of our consultants, contract employees, suppliers and independent contractors, including some of our co-manufacturers who use our formulations to manufacture our products, generally require that all information made known to them be kept strictly confidential. Further, some of our formulations have been developed by or with our suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result, we may not be able to prevent others from using similar formulations. 
 We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights are adequate, that our intellectual property rights can be successfully defended and asserted in the future or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate any such rights. In addition, our trademark rights and related registrations may be challenged in the future and could be canceled or narrowed. Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks, which may in turn cause consumer confusion or negatively affect consumers perception of our brand and products. Moreover, intellectual property disputes and proceedings and infringement claims may result in a significant distraction for management and significant expense, which may not be recoverable regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings may be protracted with no certainty of success, and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities, force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other intellectual property or force us to enter into licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Other General Risks 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may also negatively impact the market price of our common stock, particularly in light of uncertainties surrounding inflation, geopolitical tensions, and public health pandemics such as COVID-19 and related impacts. 
 Insiders have substantial control over us and are able to influence corporate matters. 
 Based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 25, 2022, our directors, and officers hold, in the aggregate, approximately 26 of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, these stockholders are able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership could limit stockholders ability to influence corporate matters, including, but not limited to, delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us. 
 Sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Many of our existing equity holders have substantial unrecognized gains on the value of the equity they hold, and therefore they may take steps to sell their shares or otherwise secure the unrecognized gains on those shares. We are unable to predict the timing of or the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, as of December 25, 2022, there were 5,139,709 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options or subject to vesting of outstanding restricted stock awards. We have registered all of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, vesting of outstanding restricted stock awards or other equity incentives we may grant in the future, for public resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The shares of common stock will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent such options are exercised, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 Further, based on shares outstanding as of December 25, 2022, holders of approximately 13.5 million shares of our capital stock and certain shares that may be issued in the future upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards, have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering the sale of their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. 
 41 

Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in companies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock is heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 While we have previously paid cash dividends on our capital stock, we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, you may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment. 
 We may be subject to significant liability that is not covered by insurance. 
 Although we believe that the extent of our insurance coverage is consistent with industry practice, any claim under our insurance policies may be subject to certain exceptions, may not be honored fully, in a timely manner, or at all, and we may not have purchased sufficient insurance to cover all losses incurred. If we were to incur substantial liabilities or if our business operations were interrupted for a substantial period of time, we could incur costs and suffer losses. Such inventory and business interruption losses may not be covered by our insurance policies. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our cash position and results of operations. Additionally, in the future, insurance coverage may not be available to us at commercially acceptable premiums, or at all. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law applicable to us as a public benefit corporation, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock that may be senior to our common stock with terms, rights and preferences determined by our board of directors; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, or our chief executive officer; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 

establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

42 

provide that our directors may be removed for cause only upon the vote of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of voting stock; and 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum. 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or DGCL, which generally, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 
 Also, as a public benefit corporation, our board of directors is required by the DCGL to manage or direct our business and affairs in a manner that balances the pecuniary interests of our stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct, and the specific public benefits identified in our certificate of incorporation. Additionally, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, a vote of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of voting stock is required for matters directly or indirectly amending or removing our public benefit purpose, or to effect a merger or consolidation involving stock consideration with an entity that is not a public benefit corporation with an identical public benefit to ours. Such provisions could also limit the price that our investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that holders of our common stock would receive a premium for your shares of our common stock in an acquisition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, with respect to certain matters, the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could restrict our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for certain actions or proceedings under Delaware law, statutory or common law, including: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; any action as to which the DCGL confers jurisdiction to the court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. While Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us and our directors, officers or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States of America. In such instance, we would expect our efforts to defend the validity and enforceability of such provisions may require further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

Item 2. Pr operties 
 We lease our corporate headquarters located at 3601 South Congress Avenue, Austin, Texas, where we occupy approximately 9,100 square feet of office space pursuant to a lease that expires in April 2026, with an option to extend this lease for a period of five years. We own our shell egg processing facility in Springfield, Missouri totaling approximately 153,000 square feet, which we refer to as Egg Central Station. We also lease approximately 92,000 square feet of warehouse space in Springfield, Missouri, which provides access to 10,000 pallet spaces pursuant to a lease that expires in September 2023. While we believe that our current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs, we have recently announced that we have begun the design and site selection process for our next egg packing center. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although the outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of the current matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on July 31, 2020, under the symbol VITL. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 6, 2023, we had 11 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We declared cash dividends on our common stock in June 2013 totaling approximately 0.3 million. We cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our capital stock in the future. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock may be subject to limitations under the terms of our credit facility agreement with PNC Bank, National Association, or the Credit Facility, or other credit facilities we may enter into from time to time. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information on the Credit Facility. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions (including in our then-existing debt arrangements), capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Comparative Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph shows a comparison from July 31, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Market) through December 25, 2022, of the cumulative total return for our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq US Smart Food Beverage Index. 

45 

The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 on July 31, 2020. The comparisons in the graph are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Use of Proceeds from the IPO 
 On August 4, 2020, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 5,040,323 shares of our common stock and certain of our selling stockholders offered and sold 5,659,250 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 22.00 per share. We received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately 99.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 7.8 million and offering expenses of 3.4 million. None of the expenses associated with the IPO were paid to directors, officers, persons owning 10 or more of any class of equity securities, or to their associates. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC acted as joint lead bookrunning managers for the IPO. Jefferies, BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated acted as bookrunning managers for the IPO. 
 Shares of our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on July 31, 2020. The offer and sale of the shares were registered under the Securities Act on Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-239772), which was declared effective on July 30, 2020. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in this Annual Report. We invested the funds received in cash equivalents and other marketable securities in accordance with our investment policy. As of December 25, 2022, we have used an aggregate of 34.8 million of the IPO proceeds, including 7.3 million to pay off our term loan, 1.9 million to pay off our equipment loan in 2020 and 25.6 million for capital expenditures. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information on the Credit Facility. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Item 6. [R eserved] 
 
 46 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to bring ethical food to the table, and we are disrupting the U.S. food system by developing a framework that challenges the norms of the incumbent food model, allowing us to bring high-quality products from our network of family farms to a national audience. This framework has enabled us to become the leading U.S. brand of pasture-raised eggs and the second largest U.S. egg brand by retail dollar sales. Our ethics are exemplified by our focus on animal welfare and sustainable farming practices. We believe our standards produce happy hens with varied diets, which produce better eggs. There is a seismic shift in consumer demand for natural, traceable, clean-label, great-tasting and nutritious foods. Supported by a steadfast adherence to the values on which we were founded, we have designed our brand and products to appeal to this consumer movement. 
 Our purpose is rooted in a commitment to Conscious Capitalism, which prioritizes the long-term benefits of each of our stakeholders (farmers and suppliers, customers and consumers, communities and the environment, crew members and stockholders). We make decisions based on what s sustainable for all our stakeholders. Our collective sustainable business practices will enable us to fulfill our purpose of improving the lives of people, animals, and the planet through food, now and long into the future. For us, it is not about short-term outcomes or a trade-off between purpose and profit. We are fierce business competitors who believe that prioritizing the long-term viability of all stakeholders will produce stronger outcomes, for everyone, over time. These principles guide our day-to-day operations and, we believe, help us deliver a more sustainable and successful business. Our approach has been validated by our financial performance and recertification as a Certified B Corporation in January 2022, a certification reserved for businesses that balance profit and purpose to meet the highest verified standards of social and environmental performance, public transparency and legal accountability. 
 We source our products from a network of over 300 family farms. We have strategically designed our supply chain to ensure high production standards and optimal year-round operation. We are motivated by the positive impact we have on rural communities and enjoy a strong relationship and reputation with our network of farmers. 
 We primarily work with our farms pursuant to buy-sell contracts. Under these arrangements, the farmer is responsible for all of the working capital and investments required to produce the eggs and manage the farm, including purchasing the birds and feed supply. We are contractually obligated to purchase all of the eggs produced by the farmer during the term of the contract at an agreed-upon price that depends upon pallet weight and is indexed quarterly in arrears for changes in feed cost. 
 We believe we are a strategic and valuable partner to retailers. We have continued to command premium prices for our products, including our shell eggs. Our loyal and growing consumer base has fueled the expansion of our brand from the natural channel to the mainstream channel. We believe the success of our brand demonstrates that consumers are demanding premium products that meet a higher ethical standard of food production. We have a strong presence at Kroger, Sprouts, Target and Whole Foods, and we also sell our products at Albertsons, Publix and Walmart. We offer 25 retail stock keeping units, or SKUs through a multi-channel retail distribution network. We believe we have significant room for growth within the retail and foodservice channels through growing brand awareness, gaining additional points of distribution and new product innovation. 
 Our shell eggs are collected from farmers by a third-party freight carrier and placed in cold storage until we pack them for shipping to our customers at our state-of-the-art shell egg processing facility, Egg Central Station. Egg Central Station is approximately 153,000 square feet and utilizes highly automated equipment to grade and package our shell egg products. Egg Central Station is capable of packing approximately six million eggs per day and has achieved Safe Quality Food, or SQF Good rating, the highest level of such certification from the Global Food Safety Initiative. In addition, as of January 2020, Egg Central Station is the only egg facility to receive, and we are one of only six companies globally to have received, the SQFI Select Site certification. 
 47 

Our products are distributed through a broker-distributor-retailer network whereby brokers represent our products to distributors and retailers who will in turn sell our products to consumers. We serve the majority of natural channel customers through food distributors, such as UNFI, US Foods and KeHE, which purchase, store, sell and deliver our products to Whole Foods (UNFI and US Foods) and Sprouts (KeHE). We serve mainstream retailers by arranging for delivery of our products directly through their distribution centers. We also leverage distributor relationships to fulfill orders for certain independent grocers and other customers. UNFI, US Foods and KeHE sales as a percentage of the Company's net revenue is presented below: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 
 
 December 26, 2021 

UNFI 
 
 26 
 
 18 

US Foods 

14 

KeHE 

10 

less than 10 

The increase in the percentage of net revenue for UNFI for fiscal 2022 is due to a net shift in the Company s distribution channels away from US Foods during fiscal 2021. The decrease in percentage of net revenue for KeHE is due to general shifts in the Company's distribution channels. 
 We have experienced consistent sales growth. We had net revenue of 362.1 million and 260.9 million, net income of 1.2 million and 2.4 million, and Adjusted EBITDA of 16.2 million and 8.0 million in the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA below for the definition of Adjusted EBITDA, as well as a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Known Trends, Events and Uncertainties 
 Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza 
 Since the initial outbreaks of HPAI in early 2022, we have been closely following the progression of the virus and working with our farmers, veterinarians, government health officials and animal welfare auditors to ensure that our flocks are kept as safe as possible. To date, we have experienced outbreaks at two of our farms, one located in Missouri and one in Tennessee. While we have not experienced material disruptions to our egg supply due to HPAI outbreaks, if a substantial portion of our farms or production facilities were affected, this could materially and negatively affect our supply chain and operating results. Additionally, HPAI has resulted in supply shortages and price increases across the egg market. We are confident in the measures we have taken to reduce the risk of HPAI on our farms and production facilities, as well as our ability to mitigate impacts on supply. However, given continued uncertainty about future outbreaks and governmental responses to such outbreaks, we cannot predict the ultimate impact that HPAI will have on our business. 
 Inflation and Economic Uncertainties 
 The recent trends towards rising inflation may also materially affect our business and corresponding financial position and cash flows. Inflationary factors, such as increases in the cost of materials and supplies, interest rates and overhead costs, may adversely affect our operating results. Rising interest rates also present a recent challenge impacting the U.S. economy and could make it more difficult for us to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future. Additionally, the general consensus among economists suggests that we should expect a higher recession risk to continue over the next year, which, together with the foregoing, could result in further economic uncertainty and volatility in the capital markets in the near term, and could negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, such economic conditions have produced downward pressure on share prices. We have experienced and may continue to experience increases in our operating costs, including our labor costs and research and development costs, due to supply chain constraints, consequences associated with COVID-19 and the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, and employee availability and wage increases, which may result in additional stress on the Company s working capital resources. We work closely with our farmers, suppliers and third-party manufacturers to manage our supply chain activities and mitigate potential disruptions to our product supplies as a result of supply chain disruptions associated with such uncertainties. We currently expect to have an adequate supply of eggs, butter, packaging, and freight to meet anticipated demand through mid-2023, as well as adequate capacity for packaging and processing our eggs. 
 48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview 
 With cash and cash equivalents of 12.9 million as of December 25, 2022 and access to additional funds held as investment securities and available borrowing under our credit facility agreement with PNC Bank, National Association, or the Credit Facility, we anticipate having sufficient liquidity to make investments in our business to support our long-term growth strategy. We expect that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 25, 2022, together with cash provided by our operating activities and availability of borrowings under our existing Credit Facility, will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses for at least the next 12 months and to make investments in our business in support of our long-term growth strategy. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our pace of new and existing customer growth, our investments in innovation, our investments in acquisitions or other growth opportunities, our investments in partnerships and unexplored channels and ongoing costs associated with expansions of our production capacity. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. However, a significant disruption of global financial markets (including a disruption due to public health pandemics, geopolitical tensions and wars, inflation or other factors) may result in our inability to access additional capital, which could in the future negatively affect our operations. In the event that we require additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued innovation and product expansion, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, operations and results of operations. For additional information, see the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 Our Fiscal Year 
 We report on a 52-53-week fiscal year, ending on the last Sunday in December, effective beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2018. In a 52-53-week fiscal year, each fiscal quarter consists of 13 weeks. The additional week in a 53-week fiscal year is added to the fourth quarter, making such quarter consist of 14 weeks. Our first 53-week fiscal year will be this year, fiscal 2023, which we expect to begin on December 26, 2022 and end on December 31, 2023. See Nature of the Business and Basis of Presentation in Note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional details related to our fiscal calendar. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Business 
 We believe that the growth of our business and our future success are dependent upon many factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for us, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully address to enable us to sustain the growth of our business and improve our results of operations. 
 Expand Household Penetration 
 We have positioned our brand to capitalize on growing consumer interest in natural, clean-label, traceable, ethical, great-tasting and nutritious foods. We believe there is substantial opportunity to grow our consumer base and increase the velocity at which households purchase our products. U.S. household penetration for the shell egg category is approximately 98 , while the household penetration for our shell eggs is approximately 7.0 . We intend to increase household penetration by continuing to invest significantly in sales and marketing to educate consumers about our brand, our values and the premium quality of our products. We believe these efforts will educate consumers on the attractive attributes of our products, generate further demand for our products and ultimately expand our consumer base. Our ability to attract new consumers will depend, among other things, on the perceived value and quality of our products, the offerings of our competitors and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Our performance depends significantly on factors that may affect the level and pattern of consumer spending in the U.S. natural food market in which we operate. Such factors include consumer preference, consumer confidence, consumer income, consumer perception of the safety and quality of our products and shifts in the perceived value for our products relative to alternatives. 
 49 

Grow Within the Retail Channel 
 We believe that our ability to increase the number of customers that sell our products to consumers is an indicator of our market penetration and our future business opportunities. We define our customers as the entities that sell our products to consumers. With certain of our retail customers, like Whole Foods, we sell our products through distributors. We are not able to precisely attribute our net revenue to a specific retailer for products sold through such channels. We rely on third-party data to calculate the portion of retail sales attributable to such retailers, but this data is inherently imprecise because it is based on gross sales generated by our products sold at retailers, without accounting for price concessions, promotional activities or chargebacks, and because it measures retail sales for only the portion of our retailers serviced through distributors. Based on this third-party data and internal analysis, Whole Foods accounted for approximately 23 and 29 of our retail sales for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. While the amount of our retail sales to Whole Foods increased in real terms in the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, the percentage of our net revenue attributable to Whole Foods declined in these periods as we added new customers and expanded distribution to existing customers. 
 As of December 2022, there were more than 22,000 stores selling our products. We expect the retail channel to be our largest source of net revenue for the foreseeable future. By capturing greater shelf space, driving higher product velocities and increasing our SKU count, we believe there is meaningful runway for further growth with existing retail customers. Additionally, we believe there is significant opportunity to gain incremental stores from existing customers as well as by adding new retail customers. We also believe there is significant further long-term opportunity in additional distribution channels, including the convenience, drugstore, club, military and international markets. Our ability to execute on this strategy will increase our opportunities for incremental sales to consumers, and we also believe this growth will allow for margin expansion. To accomplish these objectives, we intend to continue leveraging consumer awareness of and demand for our brand, offering targeted sales incentives to our customers and utilizing customer-specific marketing tactics. Our ability to grow within the retail channel will depend on a number of factors, such as our customers satisfaction with the sales, product velocities and profitability of our products. 
 Expand Footprint Across Foodservice 
 We believe there is significant demand for our products in the foodservice channel since we offer versatile ingredients with high menu penetrations across all commercial and non-commercial operator segments. We see considerable opportunity to continue to grow the channel in the medium- to long-term with our two-pronged sales approach to values-aligned foodservice operators and their distributors. We are working with Waypoint, a foodservice sales and marketing agency in the consumer-packaged goods industry, to increase our category share in broad-line distribution and to get on national and regional restaurant chain menus. 
 We believe that most U.S. consumers' food preferences are driven primarily by what they encounter on restaurant menus, so we are also leveraging foodservice as a critical consumer touchpoint to drive brand awareness and build trust. We are investing in co-marketing to reach new households. We believe co-branding is mutually beneficial to us and foodservice operators as we believe it helps to differentiate their brands, enhance their perceived customer value and drive repeat traffic. 
 A multi-unit example from our successful foodservice program is True Food Kitchen, an award-winning restaurant brand and a pioneer of wellness-driven dining with 43 locations across the United States, that shares our values for improving the lives of people, animals, and the planet through ethically produced food. We have launched similar relationships with national chains, including Hopdoddy Burger Bar and Original ChopShop. Additionally, we have regional chain collaborations in all four or our U.S. sales territories. Several examples include: 
 Tacodeli, which sells breakfast tacos made exclusively with our shell eggs across restaurant locations and points of distribution, such as coffee shops and farmers' market stands, across Texas; 

Black Seed Bagels, a bagel brand with locations across the New York metropolitan area; 

King David Tacos, which sells breakfast tacos made exclusively with our eggs at a brick-and-mortar location, multiple cart locations and over 70 retail partners in the New York City area; 

Pura Vida, a fresh all-day concept in the South Florida area; 

Cafe Patachou, a breakfast and lunch restaurant chain based in the Indianapolis, Indiana area; 

Blue Plate Restaurant Company, a casual dining group in the Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota area; 

Moe's Broadway Bagel, an East Coast-style family-run bagel chain in the Denver and Boulder Colorado area 

50 

Expand Our Product Offerings 
 We intend to continue to strengthen our product offerings by investing in innovation in new and existing categories. We have a history of product introductions and intend to continue to innovate by introducing new products from time to time. Eggs and egg-related products generated 339.2 million, or approximately 94 , of net revenue in fiscal 2022. We expect eggs and egg-related products will be our largest source of net revenue for the foreseeable future. We believe that investments in innovation will contribute to our long-term growth, including by reinforcing our efforts to increase household penetration. Our ability to successfully develop, market and sell new products will depend on a variety of factors, including the availability of capital to invest in innovation, as well as changing consumer preferences and demand for food products. 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Net Revenue 
 We generate net revenue primarily from sales of our products, including eggs and butter, to our customers, which include natural retailers, mainstream retailers and foodservice customers. We sell our products to customers on a purchase-order basis. We serve the majority of our natural channel customers and certain independent grocers and other customers through food distributors, which purchase, store, sell and deliver our products to these customers. 
 We periodically offer sales incentives to our customers, including rebates, temporary price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. We record a provision for sales incentives at the later of the date at which the related revenue is recognized or when the sales incentive is offered. At the end of each accounting period, we recognize a liability for an estimated promotional allowance reserve. We periodically provide credits or discounts to our customers in the event that products do not conform to customer expectations upon delivery or expire at a customer s site. We treat these credits and discounts as a reduction of the sales price of the related transaction at the time of sale. We anticipate that these promotional activities, credits and discounts could impact our net revenue and that changes in such activities could impact period-over-period results. 
 Our shell eggs are sold to consumers at a premium price point, and when prices for commodity shell eggs fall relative to the price of our shell eggs (including due to any price increases we may implement), price-sensitive consumers may choose to purchase commodity shell eggs offered by our competitors instead of our eggs. As a result, low commodity shell egg prices may adversely affect our net revenue. For example, we increased prices on certain of our products in January 2022, May 2022 and January 2023. While we have not seen significant decreases in sales volume due to previous price increases, if we further increase prices to offset higher commodity prices or other costs, we could experience lower demand for our products, decreased ability to attract new customers and lower sales volumes. Net revenue may also vary from period to period depending on the purchase orders we receive, the volume and mix of our products sold, and the channels through which our products are sold. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of broker and contractor fees for sales and marketing, as well as personnel costs for sales and marketing, finance, human resources and other administrative functions, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation expense and sales commissions. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include advertising and digital media costs, agency fees, travel and entertainment costs, and costs associated with consumer promotions, product samples, sales aids incurred to acquire new customers, retain existing customers and build our brand awareness, overhead costs for facilities, including associated depreciation and amortization expenses, and information technology-related expenses. 
 Shipping and Distribution 
 Shipping and distribution expenses consist primarily of costs related to third-party freight for our products. We expect shipping and distribution expenses to increase in absolute dollars in the medium-to-long term as we continue to scale our business. 
 51 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

(in thousands) 

Net revenue 

362,050 

260,901 

Cost of goods sold (1) 

252,606 

178,002 

Gross profit 

109,444 

82,899 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative (1) 

77,236 

57,868 

Shipping and distribution 

30,104 

24,979 

Total operating expenses 

107,340 

82,847 

Income from operations 

2,104 

52 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

(114) 

(52) 

Interest income 

992 

381 

Other income (expense), net 

(151) 

(27) 

Total other income (expense), net 

727 

302 

Net income before income taxes 

2,831 

354 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

1,601 

(2,028) 

Net income 

1,230 

2,382 

Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(21) 

(47) 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

1,251 

2,429 

(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense of 5,852 and 4,307 in selling, general and administrative for the fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 188 and 133 in cost of goods sold for the fiscal years then ended, respectively. 

52 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of net revenue for the periods presented: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Amount 

of Revenue 

Amount 

of Revenue 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net revenue 

362,050 

100 

260,901 

100 

Cost of goods sold (1) 

252,606 

70 

178,002 

68 

Gross profit 

109,444 

30 

82,899 

32 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative (1) 

77,236 

21 

57,868 

22 

Shipping and distribution 

30,104 

8 

24,979 

10 

Total operating expenses 

107,340 

30 

82,847 

32 

Income from operations 

2,104 

1 

52 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

(114) 

(52) 

Interest income 

992 

381 

Other income (expense), net 

(151) 

(27) 

Total other income (expense), net 

727 

302 

Net income before income taxes 

2,831 

1 

354 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

1,601 

(2,028) 

(1) 

Net income 

1,230 

2,382 

1 

Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(21) 

(47) 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

1,251 

2,429 

1 

Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 
 Net Revenue 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Net revenue 

362,050 

260,901 

101,149 

39 

The increase in net revenue of 101.1 million, or 39 , was primarily driven by volume-related increases of 74.4 million and price increases of 26.8 million. Additionally, there was an increase in egg-related product sales of 99.2 million and an increase in butter-related product sales of 1.9 million. The increases in egg and butter-related sales were primarily due to volume increases to our distributors as well as new distributions to new and existing customers. Net revenue from sales through our retail channel was 348.9 million and 256.5 million for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Gross profit 

109,444 

82,899 

26,545 

32 

Gross margin 

30 

32 

53 

The increase in gross profit of 26.5 million, or 32 , was driven by higher net revenue generated during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. The decrease in gross margin during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 as compared to the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021 was primarily driven by an increase in input costs (including costs of organic feed and increased farmer pay) across our shell egg and butter businesses, increases in packaging costs and increases in transportation costs. Increased pricing on our organic shell egg and butter businesses at the end of January 2022, along with additional pricing increases across the entire portfolio in May 2022, partially offset the input cost headwinds. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling, General and Administrative 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Selling, general and administrative 

77,236 

57,868 

19,368 

33 

Percentage of net revenue 

21 

22 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by 19.4 million in fiscal 2022, with such expenses accounting for 21 of net revenue. The dollar growth in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by: 
 an increase of 13.0 million in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation, driven by an overall increase in employee headcount to support our operations and public company status; 

an increase of 3.5 million in brokerage-related and selling-related expenses due to expansion of the business; 

an increase of 1.8 million in marketing-related expenses related to continued investment in brand and product marketing; and 

an increase of 1.0 million in technology and software related expenses to support increased operations and employee headcount. 

Shipping and Distribution 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Shipping and distribution 

30,104 

24,979 

5,125 

21 

Percentage of net revenue 

8 

10 

The increase in shipping and distribution expenses of 5.1 million, or 21 , was driven by higher sales volumes and freight rates. We are beginning to see freight rates stabilize due to a combination of steadying line haul rates and internal operational efficiency. 
 Interest Income 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Interest income 

992 

381 

611 

160 

The increase of 611,000 in interest income, or 160 , was primarily driven by higher interest income in the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 on our available-for-sale securities portfolio. 
 54 

Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Change 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

1,601 

(2,028) 

3,629 

179 

Percentage of net revenue 

0 

(1) 

The change in income tax provision (benefit) of 3.6 million, or 179 , was primarily driven by higher pre-tax income in 2022 and favorable tax benefits from stock option exercises in the prior year which have not recurred at the same levels during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2020 
 For the discussion of the financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 27, 2020, refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Components of Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2022. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. However, management believes that Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides investors with additional useful information in evaluating our performance. 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude: 
 Depreciation and amortization; 

Stock-based compensation expense; 

Costs related to the discontinuation of our convenient breakfast product line; 

Costs related to the dissolution of the Ovabrite, Inc. variable interest entity; 

Benefit or provision for income taxes, as applicable; 

Interest expense; 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration; and 

Interest income. 

Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, when taken together with our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance and facilitates internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis by excluding certain items that may not be indicative of our business, results of operations or outlook. In particular, we believe that the use of Adjusted EBITDA is helpful to our investors as it is a measure used by management in assessing the health of our business, determining incentive compensation and evaluating our operating performance, as well as for internal planning and forecasting purposes. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Some of the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA include the following: 
 It does not properly reflect capital commitments to be paid in the future; 

Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the underlying assets may need to be replaced, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect these capital expenditures; 

It does not consider the impact of stock-based compensation expense, as such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations and can vary significantly between periods as a result of the timing of grants of new stock-based awards; 

55 

It does not include the costs related to the discontinuation of our convenient breakfast product line as these costs are infrequent, unusual and we do not anticipate that we will incur similar significant costs for product exits in the foreseeable future; 

It does not reflect the dissolution of the Ovabrite, Inc. variable interest entity due to the infrequent nature of this transaction and we do not expect to experience similar dissolutions in the foreseeable future; 

It does not reflect other non-operating expenses, including interest expense; 

It does not consider the impact of any contingent consideration liability valuation adjustments; and 

It does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us. 

In addition, our use of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, when evaluating our performance, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial measures, including our net income and other results stated in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

(in thousands) 

Net income 

1,230 

2,382 

Depreciation and amortization (1) 

5,761 

3,540 

Stock-based compensation expense 

6,040 

4,440 

Costs related to our exit of the convenient breakfast product line 

2,341 

Dissolution of Ovabrite, Inc. 

122 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

1,601 

(2,028) 

Interest expense 

114 

52 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration (2) 

19 

44 

Interest income 

(992) 

(381) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

16,236 

8,049 

(1) Amount also includes finance lease amortization. 

(2) Amount reflects the change in fair value of a contingent consideration liability in connection with our 2014 acquisition of certain assets of Heartland Eggs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since inception, we have funded our operations with proceeds from sales of our capital stock, proceeds from borrowings and cash flows from the sale of our products. We had net income of 1.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 and retained earnings of 4.2 million as of December 25, 2022. We completed our IPO on August 4, 2020, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 99.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs associated with the offering. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We expect that our cash and cash equivalents, together with cash provided by our operating activities and available borrowings under our existing Credit Facility, will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses for at least the next 12 months. We further believe that we will be able to fund potential operating expenses and cash obligations beyond the next 12 months, through a combination of existing cash and cash equivalents, cash provided by our operating activities and access to additional funds held as investment securities as well as available borrowing under our Credit Facility. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our pace of new and existing customer growth, our investments in innovation, our investments in acquisitions, partnerships and unexplored channels and the potential costs associated with further expansion of our processing capacity. As of December 25, 2022, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases totaled 2.2 million and future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable finance leases totaled 9.9 million. 
 56 

Credit Facility 
 We originally entered into our Credit Facility with PNC Bank, National Association, or PNC Bank, in October 2017. The Credit Facility initially included a 4.7 million term loan, a 10.0 million revolving line of credit and an equipment loan with a maximum borrowing capacity of 1.5 million. 
 Subsequently, terms of the Credit Facility were modified at various times between fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2022. Such amendments (i) amended various definitions, (ii) waived a technical default in May 2020 which was triggered by exceeding the capital expenditure limit, (iii) increased borrowing capacity and (iv) extended the maturity date. The Ninth Amendment to the Credit Facility in April 2021 eliminated the term loan and equipment loan. The Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement in December 2022 modified certain covenants related to commodity hedging, consented to the dissolution of immaterial subsidiaries and implemented changes related to the discontinuation of LIBOR. The revolving line of credit matures in April 2024. 
 The maximum borrowing capacity under the revolving line of credit is 20.0 million. Interest on borrowings under the revolving line of credit, as well as loan advances thereunder, accrues at a rate, at our election at the time of borrowing, equal to (i) the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 2.00 or (ii) 1.00 plus the alternate base rate, as defined in the Credit Facility. In April 2020, all then-outstanding amounts under the revolving line of credit were repaid and the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the revolving line of credit was 4.5 . 
 The Credit Facility is secured by all of our assets (other than real property and certain other property excluded pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility) and requires us to maintain three financial covenants: a fixed charge coverage ratio, a leverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth requirement. The Credit Facility also contains various covenants relating to limitations on indebtedness, acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, the sale of properties and liens. As a result of the limitations contained in the Credit Facility, certain of the net assets on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 25, 2022 are restricted in use. The Credit Facility contains other customary covenants, representations and events of default. 
 As of December 25, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under the Credit Facility. As of December 25, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility. See Long-Term Debt in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional details related to our Credit Facility. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

(in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(8,098) 

17,682 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(10,037) 

(18,440) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

83 

2,180 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(18,052) 

1,422 

Operating Activities 
 Cash flows related to operating activities are dependent on net income, non-cash adjustments to net income, and changes in working capital. Net cash used in operating activities during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 is primarily due to an increase in cash used for working capital. The increase in cash used for working capital was primarily due to (i) an increase in accounts receivable as a result of significantly higher sales in the current fiscal year, (ii) a significant increase in inventory to support the ongoing growth of our business and improve our ability to meet increasing demand, and (iii) an increase in accrued liabilities for promotional spending to drive continued sales growth, employee related accruals, and marketing and broker commission accruals. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 is primarily due to a reduction in capital spending related to our expansion of Egg Central Station that was completed in fiscal 2022. The net cash used in investing activities for purchases, sales and maturities of our available-for-sale debt securities during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year is immaterial. 
 57 

Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 is primarily comprised of proceeds from the exercise of stock options in the current fiscal year, partially offset by principal payments on finance lease obligations. 
 Seasonality 
 Demand for our products fluctuates in response to seasonal factors. Demand tends to increase with the start of the school year and is highest prior to holiday periods, particularly Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter and the lowest during the summer months. As a result of these seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, comparisons of our sales and results of operations between different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful comparisons. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and related notes thereto. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that, in accordance with GAAP, involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Management has determined that our most critical accounting estimates are those relating to revenue recognition and trade promotions, income taxes, and contingencies. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making these estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ materially from those estimates. The following is a summary of certain accounting estimates we consider critical. For further discussion about our accounting policies, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Revenue Recognition and Trade Promotions 
 We recognize revenue for the sale of our product at the point in time when our performance obligation has been satisfied and control of the product has transferred to our customer, which generally occurs upon delivery to the customer based on terms of the sale. Revenue is measured by the transaction price, which is defined as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for providing goods to customers. The transaction price is adjusted for estimates of known or expected variable consideration, which include trade promotions as well as chargebacks such as coupons, discounts, rebates, spoils, and other programs. Variable consideration related to these programs is recorded as a reduction to revenue, at the time of sale, based on the amount we expect to incur. 
 The transaction price contains estimates of known or expected variable consideration. We base these estimates on current performance and historical utilization or experience. We review and update these estimates regularly until the incentives or product returns are realized and the impact of any adjustments are recognized in the period the adjustments are identified. 
 We do not believe it is reasonably likely that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to recognize revenue. As noted above, estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors. Typically, programs that are offered have a short duration and historical differences between actual experience compared to estimated volumes, performance and redemptions have not been significant to the quarterly or annual financial statements. However, if the level of redemption rates, volumes or performance were to vary significantly from our estimates, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize revenue during the past three fiscal years. 
 Income Taxes 
 We determine our effective tax rate by estimating our permanent differences resulting from differing treatment of items for financial and income tax purposes. We are periodically audited by taxing authorities and consider any adjustments made as a result of the audits in computing our income tax expense. Any audit adjustments affecting permanent differences could have an impact on our effective tax rate. 
 Deferred income taxes relate primarily to depreciation expense and share-based compensation programs accounted for differently for financial and income tax purposes. Changes in tax laws and rates could materially affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized for a deferred tax asset. Changes in projected future earnings could affect our recorded valuation allowances, if any, in the future. 
 We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. However, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities. To the extent we prevail in matters for which unrecognized tax benefit liabilities have been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. 
 58 

Contingencies 
 We recognize the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which we are a party during the periods in which the costs are incurred. After considerable analysis of the facts and circumstances of each case, we determine the amount of reserves required, if any. We evaluate whether a loss contingency exists, and if the assessment of a contingency indicates it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss would be accrued. 
 There were no loss contingency reserves for the past three fiscal years. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in our assumptions, the effectiveness of legal strategies, or other factors beyond our control. Future results of operations may be materially affected by the creation of reserves or by accruals of losses to reflect any adverse determinations in these legal proceedings. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See the sections titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 In April 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Therefore, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period under the JOBS Act. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in commodity prices and interest rates. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We source our eggs and cream for our products from our network of family farms. The price we pay to purchase shell eggs from farmers fluctuates based on pallet weight, and under our buy-sell contracts, which account for all of the laying hens in our network of family farms as of December 25, 2022, the price we pay is also indexed quarterly in arrears for changes in feed cost, which may cause our agreed-upon pricing under these contracts to fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Under the remainder of our contracts, we are directly responsible for purchasing feed. Either type of contract subjects us to risk of price fluctuations in feed ingredients, primarily consisting of corn and soy. During January 2023, we entered into commodity hedging programs with respect to organic and conventional corn and soy feed ingredients. The price we pay for cream is subject to butter commodity fluctuations. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the weighted-average cost of these ingredients across our product lines as of December 25, 2022 would have resulted in an increase or decrease to cost of sales for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 of approximately 7.5 million. We strive to offset the impact of ingredient cost increases with a combination of cost savings initiatives and efficiencies and price increases to our customers. 
 The packaging materials used for our products include cardboard, glass, corrugated fiberboard, kraft paper, flexible film and paperboard. These raw materials are subject to price fluctuations that may create price risk. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the weighted-average cost of these raw materials as of December 25, 2022 would have resulted in an increase or decrease to cost of sales for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 of approximately 2.8 million. We seek to mitigate the impact of raw materials cost increases with a combination of negotiated pricing agreements, cost savings initiatives and efficiencies and price increases to our customers. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our credit facility agreement with PNC Bank, National Association, or the Credit Facility. See the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility above for additional details related to our Credit Facility. Based on the average interest rate on the instruments under the Credit Facility during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, and to the extent that borrowings were outstanding, we do not believe that a hypothetical 10 change in the interest rate would have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. 
 59 

Our interest-earning instruments also carry a degree of interest rate risk. As of December 25, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 12.9 million and investments in available for sale securities of 65.8 million. As of December 25, 2022, the effective maturity of our investment securities available for sale was approximately 12 months and the composite credit rating of the holdings is A2 on the Moody's rating scale. 
 We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. 
 
 60 

Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Austin, TX, PCAOB ID: 
 
 62 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity 
 
 66 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 68 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 69 

61 

Report of Independent Regis tered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors Vital Farms, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vital Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, redeemable convertible preferred stock, redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 25, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 25, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 March 9, 2023 
 62 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDA TED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities, available-for-sale 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Finance lease liabilities, current 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Finance lease liabilities, non-current 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED S TATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

December 27, 2020 

Net revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Shipping and distribution 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Net income 

Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. common stockholders 

Net income per share attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders: 

Basic: 

Diluted: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic: 

Diluted: 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

December 27, 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

Unrealized net holding loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net of deferred tax benefit of , and for the years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021 and December 27, 2020, respectively 

() 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CON VERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Stockholders Equity Attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. 

Noncontrolling 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Loss 

Stockholders 

Interests 

Equity 

Balances at December 29, 2019 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of preferred stock 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Exercise of warrant 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - stockholders 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

Balances at December 27, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - stockholders 

() 

() 

Retirement of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

Balances at December 26, 2021 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Stockholders Equity Attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. 

Noncontrolling 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Loss 

Stockholders 

Interests 

Equity 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

() 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Dissolution of noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - stockholders 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

Balances at December 25, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED S TATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 25, 2022 

December 26, 2021 

December 27, 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Amortization of available-for-sale debt securities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

() 

(Decrease) increase in inventory provision 

() 

Deferred taxes 

() 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

Income taxes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Deposits and other assets 

() 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of leasehold improvements 

() 

Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities 

() 

() 

() 

Sales of available-for-sale debt securities 

Maturities and call redemptions of available-for-sale debt securities 

Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 

Dissolution of noncontrolling interest 

() 

Repayment of notes receivable provided to related parties 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the initial public offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from borrowings under term loan 

Proceeds from borrowings under equipment loan 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Repayment of revolving line of credit 

() 

Repayment of equipment loan 

() 

Repayment of term loan 

() 

Repayment of Paycheck Protection Program loan 

() 

Payment of contingent consideration 

() 

() 

() 

Principal payments under finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from exercise of warrant 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLID ATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas. The Company packages, markets and distributes shell eggs, butter and other products. These products are sold under the trade names Vital Farms and RedHill Farms, primarily to retail and foodservice channels in the United States. Vital Farms of Missouri, LLC, Backyard Eggs, LLC, Barn Door Farms, LLC, Sagebrush Foodservice, LLC and Vital Farms, LLC were, as of the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, all wholly owned subsidiaries of Vital Farms. Each such subsidiary (other than Vital Farms of Missouri, LLC) was dissolved during the fiscal quarter ending March 26, 2023. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in the audited consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP or GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Fiscal Year: The Company s fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December and contains either 52 or 53 weeks. Therefore, the financial results of certain 53-week years will not be exactly comparable to the prior and subsequent 52-week years. The fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020 all contain operating results for 52 weeks. Forward Stock Split: In July 2020, the board of directors and the stockholders of the Company approved a -for-1 forward stock split of the Company s outstanding common stock and preferred stock, which was effected on July 22, 2020. Stockholders entitled to fractional shares as a result of the forward stock split received a cash payment in lieu of receiving fractional shares. All common stock, preferred stock, and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to give effect to this forward stock split for all periods presented. Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options and other equity instruments were proportionately increased and the respective per share value and exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately decreased in accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such securities. There were no changes in the par values of the Company s common stock and preferred stock as a result of the forward stock split. Initial Public Offering: In August 2020, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO of shares of common stock at an offering price of per share. The Company offered shares of common stock and the selling stockholders offered an additional shares of common stock, including the underwriter s option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock from the selling stockholders. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering related transaction costs; the Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. Upon the closing of the IPO in August 2020, all of the then-outstanding shares of preferred stock automatically converted into shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, there were shares of preferred stock outstanding. The consolidated financial statements as of December 25, 2022, including share and per share amounts, include the effects of the IPO. Secondary Public Offering: In November 2020, the Company completed a secondary public offering of shares of common stock from selling stockholders in which proceeds from the sale of shares were received by the Company and the Company incurred million of expenses. 

As of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, the Company had customers that individually represented 10 or more of the Company s accounts receivable, net. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company also had customers that individually exceeded 10 or more of the Company s net revenue. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Customer E 

Revenue and/or accounts receivable was less than 10 . 
 The increase in the percentage of net revenue for Customer A for fiscal 2022 is due a net shift in the Company s distribution channels away from Customer B during the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021 . The decrease in percentage of net revenue for Customer C and D is due to shifts in the Company's distribution channels. 

reportable and operating segment. The Company s chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of evaluating financial performance and allocating resources. All of the Company s long-lived assets and customers are located in the United States. 
 Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

 Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques. 

 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. 

Land improvements 
 
 to years 

Buildings and improvements 
 
 to years 

Vehicles 
 
 years 

Machinery and equipment 
 
 to years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 

When assets are sold or retired, the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization of assets disposed of are removed from the accounts, with any resulting gain or loss recorded in operations in the consolidated statements of operations. Normal repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred to operations. 
 
 t recognize an impairment loss during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020 . 
 . 
 
 and . 
 Basic net income per share attributable to the Company s stockholders is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period without consideration of potentially dilutive common stock. Diluted net income per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue shares of the Company s common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company unless inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive. For periods in which the Company reports net losses, diluted net loss per common share attributable to the Company s common stockholders is the same as basic net loss, because potentially dilutive common shares are not assumed to have been issued if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

, , and during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, respectively. Freight-in costs are included within Cost of Goods Sold and were , , and during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020 , respectively. 
 
 , , and , respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

74 

() 

U.S. Treasury 

() 

Total 

() 

The following table summarizes the Company s available-for-sale investment securities as of December 26, 2021: 

Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

U.S. Corporate Bonds and U.S. Dollar Denominated Foreign Bonds 

() 

Commercial Paper 

U.S. Treasury 

() 

Total 

() 

For the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities were , , and , respectively. Realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale securities were not material for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020. Net unrealized holding losses for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, were , , and , before tax, respectively. During the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, the unrealized losses in our U.S. corporate bond portfolio consist of losses on diversified issuances with credit ratings from BBB to AAA. As of December 25, 2022, there are no individual bonds with unrealized losses exceeding , and issuances have been in a loss position greater than 12 months with aggregate unrealized losses of . The decline in fair value has resulted primarily from rising interest rates over the last 12 months and the Company does not believe there has been any significant decline in the creditworthiness of the issuers. The Company also does not believe it is likely that the bonds will be called early given the current interest rate environment, and it does not have current liquidity needs that would necessitate a sale of the investments prior to maturity. Therefore, the Company has t recorded an allowance for credit losses on the investment securities as of December 25, 2022. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because some borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Due in 1-5 years 

Total available-for-sale 

Money Market 

U.S. Treasury 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Fair Value Measurements as of December 26, 2021, Using: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

U.S. Corporate Bonds and U.S. Dollar Denominated Foreign Bonds 

Commercial Paper 

Money Market 

U.S. Treasury 

Total assets measured at fair value 

During the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 , there were transfers between fair value measurement levels. 

Butter and butter-related products 

Net Revenue 

Net revenue is primarily generated from the sale of eggs and butter. The Company's product offerings include shell eggs, hard-boiled eggs, liquid whole eggs, butter (including stick butter and spreadable tub butter) and ghee. The Company's previous convenient breakfast product line (including egg bites and egg-based breakfast bars) was discontinued in 2022. The fiscal year ended December 27, 2020 includes revenue totaling resulting from the reduction of a sales promotion incentive settled in Q2 2020 that related to a prior year s gross sales. 

 and as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively. As of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, the Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively.) 

Provisions Charged to Operating Results 

() 

Account Write-off and Recoveries, net 

As of December 27, 2020 

() 

Provisions Charged to Operating Results 

() 

Account Write-off and Recoveries, net 

As of December 26, 2021 

() 

Provisions Charged to Operating Results 

() 

Account Write-off and Recoveries, net 

As of December 25, 2022 

() 

76 

Butter and butter-related products 

Packaging 

Pullets 

Other 

Reserve for inventory obsolescence 

() 

() 

Inventories 

On a periodic basis, the Company compares the amount of inventory on hand with its latest forecasted requirement to determine whether charges for excess or obsolete inventory reserves are required. 

Land improvements 

Buildings and improvements 

Vehicles 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

During the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment was approximately , , and , respectively. 

 . In addition, substantially all the Company s long-term supply contracts with farms contain components that meet the definition of embedded leases within the scope of Topic 842, Leases. These arrangements convey to the Company the right to control implicitly identified property, plant and equipment as it takes substantially all the utility generated by these assets over the term of the arrangements at a variable price. The initial term of these supply agreements ranges from one to seven years. As total purchase commitments contained in these arrangements are variable, the amounts attributable to the lease components are contingent rentals; there are no minimum lease payments associated with these long-term supply contracts. As the classification and timing of recognition of costs attributable to the eggs and embedded cost of the lease rentals are identical, the Company does not allocate the total purchase cost of eggs between the cost of the eggs and the embedded cost of the lease rentals or distinguish between them in its accounting records. The Company records the total purchase cost of eggs, which includes costs associated with the eggs and the corresponding cost of embedded lease rentals from the same arrangement, into inventory. These costs are expensed to cost of goods sold when the associated eggs are sold to customers and are also reported as part of the Company's variable lease cost. For the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, these costs totaled million. . These options to extend or terminate a lease are included in the lease terms when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. As of December 25, 2022, it is not reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the right to extend its office lease and therefore, the Company has not included the extended term in the calculation of its ROU assets or liabilities. The Company s leases do not contain any material restrictive covenants or residual value guarantees. Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is classified within cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative cost in the consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. Finance lease cost is recognized as amortization expense for ROU assets and interest expense associated with finance lease liabilities. Amortization expense associated with the Company's finance leases during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 was and is recorded within cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Finance lease cost - amortization of right-of-use assets 

Finance lease cost - interest on lease liabilities 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Variable lease cost - long-term supply contracts 

Total lease cost 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance Leases 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Finance lease liabilities, current 

Finance lease liabilities, non-current 

Total finance lease liabilities 

As of December 25, 2022 

Operating Leases 

Finance Leases 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

() 

Total present value of lease liabilities 

Operating cash outflows - interest payments on finance leases 

Financing cash outflows - principal payments on finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: 

As of December 25, 2022 

As of December 26, 2021 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Accrued promotions and customer deductions 

Accrued distribution fees and freight 

Accrued marketing and broker commissions 

Accrued purchases of inventory 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued property, plant and equipment 

Other 

Accrued liabilities 

79 

() 

Inventory obsolescence 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

() 

Customer allowances 
 
 Net revenue 

() 

() 

Asset write-downs 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

Co-manufacturer charges 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

() 

Asset disposals 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

million term a loan, a million revolving line of credit and an equipment loan with a maximum borrowing capacity of million. Subsequently, the terms of the Credit Facility were modified at various times between fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2022 . Such amendments (i) amended various definitions, (ii) waived a technical default in May 2020 which was triggered by exceeding the capital expenditure limit, (iii) increased borrowing capacity and (iv) extended the maturity date. The Ninth Amendment to the Credit Facility in eliminated the term loan and equipment loan. The Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement in December 2022 modified certain covenants related to commodity hedging, consented to the dissolution of immaterial subsidiaries and implemented changes related to the discontinuation of LIBOR. The revolving line of credit matures in . The maximum borrowing capacity under the Revolving Line of Credit is million . Interest on borrowings under the revolving line of credit, as well as loan advances thereunder, accrues at a rate, at the Company s election at the time of borrowing, equal to (i) the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus or (ii) plus the alternate base rate, as defined in the Credit Facility. In April 2020, all then-outstanding amounts under the revolving line of credit were repaid and the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the revolving line of credit was . As of December 25, 2022 , there were outstanding amounts under the revolving line of credit. As a result of the limitations contained in the Credit Facility, certain of the net assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 25, 2022 are restricted in use. Vital Farms wholly owned subsidiaries are non-operating and do not hold any assets or liabilities; therefore, these subsidiaries have no restricted net assets within the meaning of Rule 4-08(e)(3) or Rule 12-04 of Regulation S-X. The Credit Facility also contains other customary covenants, representations and events of default. Debt issuance costs associated with the Credit Facility are reflected as a reduction of the carrying value of long-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Credit Facility using the effective interest method. During the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of , , and , respectively, which includes amortization of debt issuance costs of , , and , respectively. Paycheck Protection Program Loan: In April 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of approximately under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP (the PPP Loan ). The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, provides for loans to qualified businesses for amounts up to of the average monthly payroll expenses for the qualifying business. The Company elected to not use any of the PPP Loan proceeds of and repaid the entire balance of the PPP Loan in April 2020. 

 shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, there were shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. As of December 25, 2022 , the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized the Company to issue shares, par value per share, of preferred stock, in one or more series and with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors (collectively, the Preferred Stock ). As of December 25, 2022 , there were shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. 

 shares of common stock, par value per share, of which shares were issued and outstanding. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Company s common stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. . Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Company s board of directors, if any, subject to the preferential dividend rights of Preferred Stock, if any. cash dividends had been declared or paid during the periods presented. 

Restricted stock units 

Shares available for grant under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Total 

Common Stock Warrant: In June 2015, the Company issued a warrant to the guarantor of a line of credit agreement that was entered into in 2015. During 2017 the line of credit matured and was repaid in full. The guarantor was also the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The warrant provided for the purchase of a total of shares of Vital Farms common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant was scheduled to expire on the earlier of June 12, 2020 or the completion of the IPO. At the time of issuance, the Company classified the warrant as equity in its consolidated balance sheets. On June 9, 2020, the guarantor exercised the warrant to purchase shares of Vital Farms common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately . Treasury Stock : In August 2021, the Company retired an aggregate of shares of its common stock held in treasury. Upon retirement, the shares were redesignated as authorized but unissued shares of the Company s common stock. 

 81 

, , and , respectively. The related tax benefit from stock-based compensation during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, was , , and , respectively. The Company measures compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest ratably over from the date of grant and expire years from the date of grant. Restricted stock awards generally vest ratably over from the date of grant and contain no other service or performance conditions. The Company's policy is to recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service or vesting period. Forfeitures for stock options and restricted stock awards are recognized as they occur. The Company records stock-based compensation expense in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of goods sold. During the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, , , and of stock-based compensation expense was recognized in cost of goods sold, respectively. Stock Option Activity 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 25, 2022 

Options exercisable as of December 25, 2022 

Options vested and expected to vest as of December 25, 2022 

- 

- 

Expected stock price volatility 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Weighted average fair value at grant date 

Fair value of stock options vested 

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

As of December 25, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Unit Activity 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested as of December 25, 2022 

As of December 25, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the Company's unvested RSU activity was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The fair value of RSU shares vested during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan: In July 2020, the Company s board of directors adopted the Vital Farms, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 2020 Incentive Plan ), which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective on July 30, 2020. shares. The 2020 Incentive Plan provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2020 Incentive Plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, by an amount equal to of the outstanding number of shares of common stock on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors . As of December 25, 2022, shares were available for future grants of the Company's common stock, which excludes shares of common stock that were automatically added to the available reserve on January 1, 2023. Employee Stock Purchase Plan: In July 2020, the Company's board of directors adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2020 ESPP ), which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective on July 30, 2020. shares of the Company s common stock to certain eligible employees or, as designated by the board of directors, employees of a related company. The 2020 ESPP provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2020 ESPP will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the outstanding number of shares of common stock on the immediately preceding December 31 and (ii) , or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Vital Farms board of directors. As of December 25, 2022, shares of the Company's common stock were available for future issuance, which excludes shares of common stock that were automatically added to the available reserve on January 1, 2023. In November 2021, the Company's board of directors authorized an offering period commencing on March 1, 2022 and ending on May 15, 2022. The Company's board of directors has authorized subsequent additional six-month offering periods, with the most recent beginning on November 16, 2022. 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

State income taxes 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Non-deductible costs 

Charitable deduction 

() 

() 

() 

Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Revisions to prior year 

Changes in uncertain tax positions 

Other, net 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

Allowances and other reserves 

Inventory 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Charitable contributions 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liability 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

Operating and finance lease right of use assets 

Intangibles 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

() 

A valuation allowance is required to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. A full review of all positive and negative evidence needs to be considered, including the Company s current and past performance, the market environments in which the Company operates, the utilization of past tax credits, the length of carry back and carry forward periods and tax planning strategies that might be implemented. Management considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 was a decrease of . 

Increases recorded to income tax provision 

Decreases recorded as benefit to income tax provision 

() 

Valuation allowance as of end of year 

As of December 25, 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, which represent the aggregate tax effect of the differences between tax return positions and the benefits recognized in the Company s financial statements. At December 25, 2022, all of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the Company s annual effective tax rate. The unrecognized tax benefits are long-term in nature and we do not anticipate the balance of the unrecognized tax benefits to change in the next 12 months. 

Increase in gross tax contingencies 

Decrease in gross tax contingencies 

() 

Gross tax contingencies as of end of year 

As of December 25, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million which can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also had state net operating loss carryforwards of million which begin to expire in . The Company files a U.S. federal income tax return, as well as income tax returns in various states. Tax years 2018 and forward remain open to examination by the tax jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, with certain state taxing jurisdictions being open back to 2017. 

Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders basic and diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average effect of potentially dilutive securities: 

Effect of potentially dilutive stock options 

Effect of potentially dilutive common stock warrants 

Effect of potentially dilutive restricted stock units 

Effect of potentially dilutive common stock issuable pursuant to the ESPP 

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Net income per share attributable to Vital Farms, Inc. stockholders 

Basic 

Diluted 

Unvested restricted stock 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of to the Guarantor in exchange for his guaranty. See Note 13 , Common Stock and Common Stock Warrant. The warrant expired on the earlier of June 12, 2020 or the completion of the IPO. On June 9, 2020, the Guarantor exercised the warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately . Ovabrite: Ovabrite, Inc., a Delaware corporation Ovabrite ), has been deemed a related party because its founders were stockholders of the Company, with the majority stockholder in Ovabrite also serving as the Company s executive chairperson and member of the Company s board of directors. Since Ovabrite s incorporation in November 2016, the Company has been deemed to have had a variable interest in Ovabrite, and Ovabrite has been deemed to have been a VIE, of which the Company has been the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the Company has consolidated the results of Ovabrite since November 2016. All significant intercompany transactions between the Company and Ovabrite have been eliminated in consolidation. The results of operations of the Ovabrite entity were immaterial for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. Effective August 30, 2022, Ovabrite s board of directors and the holders of the majority of its outstanding capital stock consented to dissolving the entity, and a Certificate of Dissolution was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State. As of December 25, 2022 , Ovabrite was in the process of winding up its business activities and liquidating its remaining assets. The derecognition of the Company's investment in Ovabrite resulted in a loss of , included in other income (expense), net in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations and a related-party receivable of , included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets for and as of the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. Notes Receivable from Related Parties: In February 2019, the Company issued promissory notes in the aggregate amount of to its founder and a former member of the board of directors that is currently a board observer, both of whom are also stockholders of the Company. The promissory notes bore monthly interest at LIBOR plus and were to mature on the earlier of or the date of closing of a liquidity transaction which is defined as a merger, consolidation or sale of the Company s assets or such time as the notes would be prohibited by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Promissory Note Maturity Date ). All unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest was due on the Promissory Note Maturity Date. The borrower has the ability to prepay all or any portion of the promissory note at any time without premium or penalty. In November 2019, of the promissory notes were repaid. In August 2020, the remaining of the promissory notes were repaid. During the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, the Company recorded interest income of , , and , respectively, in connection with the promissory notes. Sandpebble Builders Preconstruction, Inc.: The Company utilizes Sandpebble Builders Preconstruction, Inc. and Sandpebble South, Inc. (collectively Sandpebble for project management and related services associated with the construction and expansion of our egg processing facilities, including site selection, project management and related services for our potential future egg packing facility. The owner and principal of Sandpebble is the father of an executive of the Company. In connection with the services described above, the Company paid Sandpebble , , and during the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020, respectively. Amounts paid to Sandpebble are included in property, plant and equipment, net, selling, general and administrative costs, accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the audited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Whole Foods Market, Inc: A member of the Company s board of directors was, until February 2022, an executive vice president and senior advisor at Whole Foods. The Company serves the majority of its natural channel retail customers through food distributors, such as US Foods Inc. and United Natural Foods, Inc., who purchase, store, sell and deliver products to Whole Foods. While the Company cannot precisely determine its specific revenue attributable to Whole Foods, it is a significant customer. 

 , , and respectively, to the plan. 

87 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 25, 2022. Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on the results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 25, 2022. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to an exemption for emerging growth companies. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign J urisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 88 

Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections titled Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Executive Officers, and Information Regarding the Board and Corporate Governance and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, if any, in our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, or the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, required by this item will be contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Information Regarding the Board and Corporate Governance - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and is hereby incorporated by reference. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Conduct or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on its website. The full text of our Code of Conduct is available at the Investor Relations section of our website at www.vitalfarms.com. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and you should not consider it to be part of this Annual Report. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled Executive Officer and Director Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled Transactions with Related Persons and Information Regarding the Board and Corporate Governance Board Independence in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections titled Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 89 

Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 Reference is made to the financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II hereof. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as currently in effect (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39411), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 4, 2020). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as currently in effect (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 24, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Ninth Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated July 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registered Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39411) filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021) . 

10.1+ 
 
 2013 Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.2+ 
 
 Forms of Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreement under the 2013 Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.3+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Registration on Form S-8 (File No. 333-240258), filed with the SEC on July 31, 2020). 

10.4+ 
 
 Forms of Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.5+ 
 
 Forms of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.6+ 
 
 Forms of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.7+ 
 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant s Registration on Form S-8 (File No. 333-240258), filed with the SEC on July 31, 2020). 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, by and between the Registrant and each director and executive officer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.9+ 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on November 3, 2022). 

10.10+ 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Russell Diez-Canseco, dated as of April 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 

90 

10.11+ 
 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Joanne Bal, dated as of March 5, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39411) filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022). 

10.12+ 
 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Stephanie Coon, dated as of May 24, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39411) filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022). 

10.13+ 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Jason Dale, dated as of April 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 

10.14+ 
 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Kathryn McKeon, dated as of January 10, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39411) filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022). 

10.15+ 
 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Bo Meissner, dated as of June 30, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File. No. 001-39411) filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021) . 

10.16+ 
 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Peter Pappas, dated as of October 30, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File. No. 001-39411) filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021). 

10.17+ 
 
 Change in Control Severance Plan, effective March 31, 2022, and form Participation Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated October 4, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated April 13, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated April 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.21 
 
 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated February 7, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.22 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated February 24, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.23 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated May 11, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.24 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note executed and delivered by the Registrant and the Borrowers party thereto, dated May 11, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.25 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated June 18, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Amended and Restated Term Loan Note executed and delivered by the Registrant and the Borrowers party thereto, dated June 18, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.27 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated 

91 

July 8, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239772), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 

10.28 
 
 Eighth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated October 5, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 Ninth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated April 2, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on August 10, 2021). 

10.30 
 
 Tenth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Term Loan and Security Agreement, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as Lender and as Agent), dated December 29, 2022. 

10.31 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note executed and delivered by the Registrant and the Borrowers party thereto, dated April 2, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39411), filed with the SEC on August 10, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Furnished herewith and not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 
 None. 
 92 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Russell Diez-Canseco 

Name: 
 Russell Diez-Canseco 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Russell Diez-Canseco and Bo Meissner, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Russell Diez-Canseco 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Russell Diez-Canseco 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bo Meissner 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Bo Meissner 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Jeffery S. Dawson 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Jeffery S. Dawson 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Matthew O Hayer 
 
 Executive Chairperson and Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Matthew O Hayer 

/s/ Kofi Amoo-Gottfried 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Kofi Amoo-Gottfried 

/s/ Glenda Flanagan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Glenda Flanagan 

/s/ Kelly Kennedy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Kelly Kennedy 

/s/ Karl Khoury 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Karl Khoury 

/s/ Denny Marie Post 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Denny Marie Post 

/s/ Gisel Ruiz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Gisel Ruiz 

93 

<EX-10>
 2
 vitl-ex10_30.htm
 EX-10.30

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.30 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 TENTH AMENDMENT TO 
 REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 This Tenth Amendment to Revolving Credit, Term Loan, and Security Agreement (the Amendment is made this 29th day of December, 2022 by and among VITAL FARMS, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Vital Farms ), VITAL FARMS OF MISSOURI, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Missouri Vital Farms Missouri ), VITAL FARMS, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Montana Vital Farms Montana ), SAGEBRUSH FOODSERVICE, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Sagebrush ), BARN DOOR FARMS, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Barn Door ), BACKYARD EGGS, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Backyard , and together with Vital Farms, Vital Farms Missouri, Vital Farms Montana, Sagebrush, Barn Door and each Person joined as a borrower from time to time, collectively, the Borrowers , and each a Borrower ), the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party (collectively, the Lenders and each individually, a Lender and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the Agent ). 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 A. On October 4, 2017, Borrowers, Lenders, and Agent entered into a certain Revolving Credit, Term Loan, and Security Agreement (as same has been or may be amended, modified, renewed, extended, replaced or substituted from time to time, the Loan Agreement to reflect certain financing arrangements between the parties thereto. The Loan Agreement and all other documents executed in connection therewith are collectively referred to as the Existing Financing Agreements . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement. 

B. Borrowers have requested and Agent and Lenders have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, to modify certain definitions, terms and conditions in the Loan Agreement. 

WHEREAS, Borrowers intend to enter into certain Commodity Hedging Agreements and dissolve Vital Farms Montana, Sagebrush, Barn Door, and Backyard (collectively the Dormant Borrowers , and Vital Farms with Vital Farms Missouri the Remaining Borrowers ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, with the foregoing background hereinafter deemed incorporated by reference herein and made part hereof, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, promise and agree as follows: 

1. Amendments to Loan Agreement . The Loan Agreement shall be amended to delete the text indicated as strikeouts in each applicable provision of the Loan Agreement as shown on 

074658.17075/130111841v.5 

Annex A attached to this Amendment and to add the text indicated as bold and double underlined in each applicable provision of the Loan Agreement as shown on such Annex A . 

074658.17075/130111841v.5 

2. Representations and Warranties . Each Borrower hereby: 

(a) reaffirms all representations and warranties made to Agent and Lenders under the Loan Agreement and all of the other Existing Financing Agreements and confirms that all are true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof, except for representations and warranties which related exclusively to an earlier date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date; 

(b) reaffirms all of the covenants contained in the Loan Agreement, covenants to abide thereby until all Advances, Obligations and other liabilities of Borrowers to Agent and Lenders under the Loan Agreement of whatever nature and whenever incurred, are satisfied and/or released by Agent and Lenders; 

(c) represents and warrants that after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under any of the Existing Financing Agreements; 

(d) represents and warrants that it has the authority and legal right to execute, deliver and carry out the terms of this Amendment, that such actions were duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and that the officers executing this Amendment on its behalf were similarly authorized and empowered, and that this Amendment does not contravene any provisions of its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other formation documents, or of any contract or agreement to which it is a party or by which any of its properties are bound; and 

(e) represents and warrants that this Amendment and all assignments, instruments, documents, and agreements executed and delivered in connection herewith are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms except as such enforceability may be limited by equitable principles or any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 

3. Consent. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5 below and the other terms and conditions contained herein, notwithstanding anything contained in the Loan Agreement or any other Existing Financing Agreements to the contrary, Lenders and Agent hereby consent to the Remaining Borrowers dissolving the Dormant Borrowers, so long as such entities are dormant and do not own any assets. Upon the dissolution of the Dormant Borrowers, any reference to the term Borrowers or Borrower shall be read to exclude the Dormant Borrowers in the Existing Financing Agreement. 

4. Conditions Precedent/Effectiveness Conditions . This Amendment shall be effective upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (all documents to be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and Agent s counsel): 

(a) Agent shall have received this Amendment fully executed by Borrowers; and 

(b) Execution and/or delivery of all other agreements, instruments and documents 

2 
 074658.17075/130111841v.5 

requested by Agent to effectuate and implement the terms hereof. 

3 
 074658.17075/130111841v.5 

5. Further Assurances . Borrowers hereby agree to take all such actions and to execute and/or deliver to Agent and Lenders all such documents, assignments, financing statements and other documents, as Agent and Lenders may reasonably require from time to time, to effectuate and implement the purposes of this Amendment. 

6. Payment of Expenses . Borrowers shall pay or reimburse Agent and Lenders for their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment and the documents provided for herein or related hereto. 

7. Reaffirmation of Loan Agreement . Except as modified by the terms hereof, all of the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, as amended, and all other of the Existing Financing Agreements are hereby reaffirmed and shall continue in full force and effect as therein written. 

8. Confirmation of Indebtedness . Borrowers confirm and acknowledge that as of the close of business on December 29, 2022, Borrowers were indebted to Agent and Lenders for the Advances under the Loan Agreement without any deduction, defense, setoff, claim or counterclaim, of any nature, in the aggregate principal amount of 0 due on account of Revolving Advances, plus all fees, costs and expenses incurred to date in connection with the Loan Agreement and the Other Documents. 

9. Release . In consideration of Agent s and Lenders agreements contained in this Amendment, Borrowers hereby irrevocably release and forever discharge Agent, Lenders and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, partners, members, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, attorneys and other professional advisors (each, a Released Person of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which Borrowers ever had or now have against any Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of any Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any Other Document on or prior to the date hereof. 

10. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Third Party Rights . No rights are intended to be created hereunder for the benefit of any third party donee, creditor, or incidental beneficiary. 

(b) Headings . The headings of any paragraph of this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret any provision hereof. 

(c) Modifications . No modification hereof or any agreement referred to herein shall be binding or enforceable unless in writing and signed on behalf of the party against whom enforcement is sought. 

(d) Governing Law . This Amendment shall, in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applied to contracts to be performed wholly 

4 
 074658.17075/130111841v.5 

within the State of New York. 

5 
 074658.17075/130111841v.5 

(e) Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by facsimile or electronic transmission, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

6 
 074658.17075/130111841v.5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS: 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 

By: /s/ Bo Meissner 

Name: Bo Meissner 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

VITAL FARMS OF MISSOURI, LLC 

By its Member: Vital Farms, Inc. 

By: /s/ Bo Meissner 

Name: Bo Meissner 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

VITAL FARMS, LLC 

By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 

By: /s/ Bo Meissner 

Name: Bo Meissner 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

SAGEBRUSH FOODSERVICE, LLC 

By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 

By: /s/ Bo Meissner 

Name: Bo Meissner 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

BARN DOOR FARMS, LLC 

By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 

By: /s/ Bo Meissner 

Name: Bo Meissner 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT] 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

BACKYARD EGGS, LLC 

By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 

By: /s/ Bo Meissner 

Name: Bo Meissner 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT] 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

AGENT AND LENDER:	 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent and Lender 

By: /s/ Natalie Hill 

Name: Natalie Hill 

Title: Senior Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

Annex A 
 
 Amendments to Loan Agreement 
 
 See Attached 

Annex A to Ninth Tenth Amendment 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (AS LENDER AND AS AGENT) 

WITH 

VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 
 AND 
 EACH OTHER PERSON JOINED HERETO AS A BORROWER FROM TIME TO TIME 
 
 (COLLECTIVELY, THE BORROWERS) 

OCTOBER 4, 2017 

074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 I. DEFINITIONS	1 

1.1. Accounting Terms	1 

1.2. General Terms	1 

1.3. Uniform Commercial Code Terms	34 

1.4. Certain Matters of Construction	34 

1.5 Benchmark Replacement Notification 	 37 

1.6 Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate 

37 
 II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS	35 

2.1. Revolving Advances	35 

2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection 

of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances	36 
 2.3. Term Loans; Equipment Loans	38 

2.4. Swing Loans	39 

2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds	41 

2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances	41 

2.7. Maximum Advances	43 

2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances	43 

2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances	44 

2.10. Statement of Account	45 

2.11. Letters of Credit	45 

2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit	46 

2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit	46 

2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement	46 

2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances	48 

2.16. Documentation	48 

2.17. Determination to Honor Drawing Request	48 

2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations	49 

2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions	50 

2.20. Mandatory Prepayments	51 

2.21. Use of Proceeds	53 

2.22. Defaulting Lender	53 

2.23. Payment of Obligations	56 

III. INTEREST AND FEES	56 

3.1. Interest	56 

3.2. Letter of Credit Fees	57 

3.3. Closing Fee and Facility Fee	58 

3.4. Collateral Monitoring Fee and Collateral Evaluation Fee	59 

3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees	59 

3.6. Maximum Charges	60 

3.7. Increased Costs	60 

1 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

2 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

3.8. Basis For Determining Alternate Rate of Interest Rate Inadequate or 

Unfair 	 61 
 3.9. Capital Adequacy	62 

3.10. Taxes	63 

3.11. Replacement of Lenders	65 

IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS	65 

4.1. Security Interest in the Collateral	65 

4.2. Perfection of Security Interest	66 

4.3. Preservation of Collateral	66 

4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral	67 

4.5. Defense of Agent s and Lenders Interests	67 

4.6. Inspection of Premises	68 

4.7. Appraisals	68 

4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts	68 

4.9. Inventory	71 

4.10. Maintenance of Equipment	71 

4.11. Exculpation of Liability	71 

4.12. Financing Statements	71 

V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES	72 

5.1. Authority	72 

5.2. Formation and Qualification	72 

5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties	72 

5.4. Tax Returns	73 

5.5. Financial Statements	73 

5.6. Entity Names	73 

5.7. O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance; Flood Insurance	74 

5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA 

Compliance.	74 
 5.9. Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses	76 

5.10. Licenses and Permits	76 

5.11. Default of Indebtedness	76 

5.12. No Default	76 

5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions	76 

5.14. No Labor Disputes	76 

5.15. Margin Regulations	77 

5.16. Investment Company Act	77 

5.17. Disclosure	77 

5.18. Swaps	77 

5.19. Business and Property of Borrowers	77 

5.20. Ineligible Securities	77 

5.21. Federal Securities Laws	77 

5.22. Equity Interests	77 

5.23. Commercial Tort Claims	78 

5.24. Letter of Credit Rights	78 

5.25. Material Contracts	78 

3 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

4 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS	79 

6.1. Compliance with Laws	79 

6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets	79 

6.3. Books and Records	79 

6.4. Payment of Taxes	79 

6.5. Financial Covenants	80 

6.6. Insurance	81 

6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold Obligations	82 

6.8. Environmental Matters	82 

6.9. Standards of Financial Statements	83 

6.10. Federal Securities Laws	83 

6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments	83 

6.12. Government Receivables	83 

6.13. Keepwell	83 

VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS	85 

7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets	85 

7.2. Creation of Liens	85 

7.3. Guarantees	85 

7.4. Investments	85 

7.5. Loans	85 

7.6. Capital Expenditures	85 

7.7. Dividends	86 

7.8. Indebtedness	86 

7.9. Nature of Business	86 

7.10. Transactions with Affiliates	86 

7.11. Leases	86 

7.12. Subsidiaries	87 

7.13. Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes	87 

7.14. Pledge of Credit	87 

7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents	87 

7.16. Compliance with ERISA	87 

7.17. Prepayment of Indebtedness	88 

7.18. Membership / Partnership Interests	88 

VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT	88 

8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances	88 

8.2. Conditions to Each Advance	92 

8.3. Conditions to Each Equipment Loan	92 

IX. INFORMATION AS TO BORROWERS	93 

9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters	93 

9.2. Schedules	93 

9.3. Environmental Reports	94 

9.4. Litigation	94 

9.5. Material Occurrences	94 

5 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

9.6. Government Receivables	95 

9.7. Annual Financial Statements	95 

9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements	95 

9.9. Monthly Financial Statements	95 

9.10. Other Reports	96 

9.11. Additional Information	96 

9.12. Projected Operating Budget	96 

9.13. Variances From Operating Budget	96 

9.14. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events	96 

9.15. ERISA Notices and Requests	96 

9.16. Additional Documents	97 

9.17. Updates to Certain Schedules	97 

9.18. Financial Disclosure	97 

X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT	98 

10.1. Nonpayment	98 

10.2. Breach of Representation	98 

10.3. Financial Information	98 

10.4. Judicial Actions	98 

10.5. Noncompliance	98 

10.6. Judgments	98 

10.7. Bankruptcy	99 

10.8. Material Adverse Effect	99 

10.9. Lien Priority	99 

10.11. Cross Default	99 

10.12. Breach of Guaranty or Pledge Agreement	99 

10.13. Change of Control	100 

10.14. Invalidity	100 

10.15. Seizures	100 

10.16. Operations	100 

10.17. Pension Plans	100 

10.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws	100 

XI. LENDERS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT	101 

11.1. Rights and Remedies	101 

11.2. Agent s Discretion	102 

11.3. Setoff	102 

11.4. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive	102 

11.5. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default	103 

XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS	105 

12.1. Waiver of Notice	105 
 12.2. Delay 105 
 12.3. Jury Waiver 105 
 XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION	106 

13.1. Term	106 

6 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

13.2. Termination	106 

XIV. REGARDING AGENT	106 

14.1. Appointment	106 

14.2. Nature of Duties	107 

14.3. Lack of Reliance on Agent	107 

14.4. Resignation of Agent; Successor Agent	108 

14.5. Certain Rights of Agent	108 

14.6. Reliance	108 

14.7. Notice of Default	109 

14.8. Indemnification	109 

14.9. Agent in its Individual Capacity	109 

14.10. Delivery of Documents	109 

14.11. Borrowers Undertaking to Agent	109 

14.12. No Reliance on Agent s Customer Identification Program	110 

14.13. Other Agreements	110 

XV. BORROWING AGENCY	110 

15.1. Borrowing Agency Provisions	110 

15.2. Waiver of Subrogation	111 

XVI. MISCELLANEOUS	111 

16.1. Governing Law	111 

16.2. Entire Understanding	112 

16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders	115 

16.4. Application of Payments	117 

16.5. Indemnity	117 

16.6. Notice	118 

16.7. Survival	120 

16.8. Severability	120 

16.9. Expenses	120 

16.10. Injunctive Relief	121 

16.11. Consequential Damages	121 

16.12. Captions	121 

16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures	121 

16.14. Construction	121 

16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information	121 

16.16. Publicity	122 

16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act	122 

16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws	123 

7 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
 Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 1.2	Borrowing Base Certificate Exhibit 1.2(a)	Compliance Certificate Exhibit 2.1(a)	Revolving Credit Note Exhibit 2.4(a)	Swing Loan Note 
 Exhibit 5.5(b)	Financial Projections 
 Exhibit 8.1(g)	Financial Condition Certificate Exhibit 16.3	Commitment Transfer Supplement 

Schedules 
 
 Schedule 1.2	Permitted Encumbrances 
 Schedule 4.4	Equipment and Inventory Locations; Place of Business, Chief Executive Office, Real Property 
 Schedule 4.8(j)	Deposit and Investment Accounts Schedule 5.1	Consents 
 Schedule 5.2(b)	Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 5.4	Federal Tax Identification Number Schedule 5.6	Prior Names 
 Schedule 5.7	Environmental Schedule 5.8(b)(i)	Litigation Schedule 5.8(b)(ii)	Indebtedness Schedule 5.8(d)	Plans 
 Schedule 5.9	Intellectual Property, Source Code Escrow Agreements Schedule 5.10	Licenses and Permits 
 Schedule 5.14	Labor Disputes 
 Schedule 5.22	Equity Interests Schedule 5.23	Commercial Tort Claim Schedule 5.25	Material Contracts 

8 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of October 4, 2017 among VITAL FARMS, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Vital Farms ), VITAL FARMS OF MISSOURI, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Missouri Vital Farms Missouri ), VITAL FARMS, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Montana Vital Farms Montana ), SAGEBRUSH FOODSERVICE, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Sagebrush ), BARN DOOR FARMS, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Barn Door ), BACKYARD EGGS, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Backyard , and together with Vital Farms, Vital Farms Missouri, Vital Farms Montana, Sagebrush, Barn Door and each Person joined hereto as a borrower from time to time, collectively, the Borrowers , and each a Borrower ), the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and each individually a Lender and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the Agent ). 
 
 IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and undertakings herein contained, Borrowers, Lenders and Agent hereby agree as follows: 
 
 I. DEFINITIONS. 

1.1. Accounting Terms . As used in this Agreement, the Other Documents or any certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement, accounting terms not defined in Section 1.2 or elsewhere in this Agreement and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.2 to the extent not defined shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP; provided, however that, whenever such accounting terms are used for the purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants in this Agreement, such accounting terms shall be defined in accordance with GAAP as applied in preparation of the unaudited financial statements of Borrowers for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020. 

1.2. General Terms .	For purposes of this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Accountants shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.7 hereof. 
 Advance Rates shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(II)(y)(iii) hereof. Advances shall mean and include the Revolving Advances, Letters of Credit and the 
 Swing Loans. 
 
 Affected Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.11 hereof. 

Affiliate of any Person shall mean (a) any Person which, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, or (b) any Person who is a director, manager, member, managing member, general partner or officer (i) of such Person, 
 (ii) of any Subsidiary of such Person or (iii) of any Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (x) to vote 20 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person, or 
 (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of Equity Interests, contract or otherwise. 
 
 Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. 
 
 Agreement shall mean this Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of 
 (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Federal Funds Open Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day plus one half of one percent (0.5 ), and (c) the sum of the Daily LIBOR Simple SOFR Rate in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0 ), so long as a Daily LIBOR Rate Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful . ; provided, however, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. 
 
 Alternate Source shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Federal Funds Open Overnight Bank Funding Rate. 
 
 Anti-Terrorism Laws shall mean any Laws relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export licensing, money laundering or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Laws, all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
 
 Applicable Law shall mean all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Person, conduct, transaction, covenant, Other Document or contract in question, including all applicable common law and equitable principles, all provisions of all applicable state, federal and foreign constitutions, statutes, rules, regulations, treaties, directives and orders of any Governmental Body, and all orders, judgments and decrees of all courts and arbitrators. 
 
 Applicable Margin shall mean (a) an amount equal to one percent (1.00 for (i) Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans and (ii) Swing Loans, and (b) an amount equal to two percent (2.00 for Revolving Advances consisting of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans. 
 
 Application Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(b) hereof. Approvals shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(b) hereof. 
 
 2 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

3 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Approved Electronic Communication shall mean each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, E-Fax, the StuckyNet System , or any other equivalent electronic service agreed to by Agent, whether owned, operated or hosted by Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates or any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any Other Document, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information material; provided that Approved Electronic Communications shall not include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that Agent specifically instructs a Person to deliver in physical form. 
 
 Average Undrawn Availability shall mean, as of any date of determination, the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate sum of Undrawn Availability for each of the previous sixty (60) days by (y) sixty (60). 
 
 Base Rate shall mean the base commercial lending rate of PNC as publicly announced to be in effect from time to time, such rate to be adjusted automatically, without notice, on the effective date of any change in such rate. This rate of interest is determined from time to time by PNC as a means of pricing some loans to its customers and is neither tied to any external rate of interest or index nor does it necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by PNC to any particular class or category of customers of PNC. 
 
 Beneficial Owner shall mean, for each Borrower, each of the following: (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more of such Borrower s Equity Interests; and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct such Borrower. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefited Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(e) hereof. 
 Borrower or Borrowers shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall extend to all permitted successors and assigns of such Persons. 
 
 Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis shall mean the consolidation in accordance with GAAP of the accounts or other items of Borrowers and Guarantors. 
 
 Borrowers Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10 hereof. Borrowing Agent shall mean Vital Farms. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate shall mean a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit 
 1.2 hereto duly executed by the President, Chief Financial Officer or Controller of the Borrowing Agent and delivered to the Agent, appropriately completed, by which such officer shall certify to Agent the Formula Amount and calculation thereof as of the date of such certificate. 

4 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Borrowing Base Period shall mean the period commencing upon the occurrence of a Borrowing Base Triggering Event and ending on the occurrence of a Borrowing Base Satisfaction Event. 
 
 Borrowing Base Satisfaction Event shall mean the earliest date following a Borrowing Base Triggering Event on which Undrawn Availability is equal to or greater than thirty five percent (35 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount for thirty (30) consecutive Business Days. 
 
 Borrowing Base Triggering Event shall mean Undrawn Availability is less than thirty five percent (35 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount for five (5) consecutive Business Days. 
 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by Law to be closed for business in East Brunswick, New Jersey and, if the applicable ; provided that when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination of SOFR, the Business Day relates to any LIBOR Rate Loans, means any such day must that is also be a day on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 
 
 Capital Expenditures shall mean expenditures made or liabilities incurred for the acquisition of any fixed assets or improvements (or of any replacements or substitutions thereof or additions thereto) which have a useful life of more than one year and which, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as capital expenditures. Capital Expenditures for any period shall include the principal portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations paid in such period. 
 
 Capitalized Lease Obligation shall mean any Indebtedness of any Borrower represented by obligations under a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Cash Management Products and Services shall mean agreements or other arrangements under which Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of Agent or a Lender provides any of the following products or services to any Borrower: (a) credit cards; (b) credit card processing services; (c) debit cards and stored value cards; (d) commercial cards; (e) ACH transactions; and 
 (f) cash management and treasury management services and products, including without limitation controlled disbursement accounts or services, lockboxes, automated clearinghouse transactions, overdrafts, interstate depository network services. The indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of any Borrower to the provider of any Cash Management Products and Services (including all obligations and liabilities owing to such provider in respect of any returned items deposited with such provider) (the Cash Management Liabilities shall be Obligations hereunder, guaranteed obligations under the Guaranty and secured obligations under any Guarantor Security Agreement, as applicable, and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of each of the Other Documents. The Liens securing the Cash Management Products and Services shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.5. 

5 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Cash Management Liabilities shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Cash Management Products and Services. 
 
 CEA shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 
 CERCLA shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. 
 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership shall mean, for each Borrower, a certificate in form and substance acceptable to Agent (as amended or modified by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of such Borrower. 
 
 CFTC shall mean the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 
 Change in Law shall mean the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Applicable Law; (b) any change in any Applicable Law or in the administration, implementation, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body; or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Body; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of Applicable Law) and (y) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 
 
 Change of Control shall mean: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person and its Subsidiaries and any Person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, shall, directly or indirectly, acquire beneficial ownership of Equity Interests representing thirty-five (35 percent or more of the aggregate voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Vital Farms entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of Vital Farms, or (b) any event (whether in one or more transactions) which results in Vital Farms failing to own one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of any other Borrower. 
 
 Charge-Back shall mean an obligation of a Borrower, arising in the Ordinary Course of Business, to pay a Customer for Inventory sold by a Borrower to such Customer, which Inventory is not sold by such Customer. 
 
 Charges shall mean all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, 
 
 6 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

7 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

social security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation and property taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments, liens, claims and charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts, imposed by any taxing or other authority, domestic or foreign (including the PBGC or any environmental agency or superfund), upon the Collateral, any Borrower or any of its Affiliates. 
 
 CIP Regulations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.12 hereof. Claims shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.5 hereof. 
 Closing Date shall mean October 4, 2017 or such other date as may be agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. 
 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 
 
 Collateral shall mean and include all right, title and interest of each Borrower in all of the following property and assets of such Borrower, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising or created and whether now owned or hereafter acquired and wherever located: 
 
 (a) all Receivables and all supporting obligations relating thereto; 

(b) all equipment and fixtures; 

(c) all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles and all software) and all supporting obligations related thereto; 

(d) all Inventory; 

(e) all Subsidiary Stock, securities, investment property, and financial assets; 

(f) [Reserved]; 

(g) all contract rights, rights of payment which have been earned under a contract rights, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper), commercial tort claims (whether now existing or hereafter arising); documents (including all warehouse receipts and bills of lading), deposit accounts, goods, instruments (including promissory notes), letters of credit (whether or not the respective letter of credit is evidenced by a writing) and letter-of-credit rights, cash, certificates of deposit, insurance proceeds (including hazard, flood and credit insurance), security agreements, eminent domain proceeds, condemnation proceeds, tort claim proceeds and all supporting obligations; 

(h) [Reserved]; 

(i) all ledger sheets, ledger cards, files, correspondence, records, books of account, business papers, computers, computer software (owned by any Borrower or in which it has an interest), 

8 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

computer programs, tapes, disks and documents, including all of such property relating to the property described in clauses (a) through and including (h) of this definition; and 
 
 (j) all proceeds and products of the property described in clauses (a) through and including 

(i) of this definition, in whatever form. It is the intention of the parties that if Agent shall fail to have a perfected Lien in any particular property or assets of any Borrower for any reason whatsoever, but the provisions of this Agreement and/or of the Other Documents, together with all financing statements and other public filings relating to Liens filed or recorded by Agent against Borrowers, would be sufficient to create a perfected Lien in any property or assets that such Borrower may receive upon the sale, lease, license, exchange, transfer or disposition of such particular property or assets, then all such proceeds of such particular property or assets shall be included in the Collateral as original collateral that is the subject of a direct and original grant of a security interest as provided for herein and in the Other Documents (and not merely as proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) in which a security interest is created or arises solely pursuant to Section 9-315 of the Uniform Commercial Code). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Collateral shall not include any Excluded Property. Commitment Transfer Supplement shall mean a document in the form of Exhibit 16.3 
 hereto, properly completed and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Agent by which the Purchasing Lender purchases and assumes a portion of the obligation of Lenders to make Advances under this Agreement. 
 
 Commodity Hedge Agreement shall mean any commodity hedge agreement entered into by Borrower or Guarantor in order to provide protection to, or minimize the impact upon, such Borrower or any Guarantor of increasing prices with respect to certain commodities that are documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner and is entered into for hedging, rather than speculative, purposes. 
 
 Commodity Hedge Liabilities shall mean the liabilities owing to the provider of any Commodity Hedge Agreement. 
 
 Compliance Certificate shall mean a compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.2(a) hereto to be signed by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent. 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of the Term SOFR Rate or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent 
 
 9 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

10 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Term SOFR Rate or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents). 
 
 Consents shall mean all filings and all licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental Bodies and other third parties, domestic or foreign, necessary to carry on any Borrower s business or necessary (including to avoid a conflict or breach under any agreement, instrument, other document, license, permit or other authorization) for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Other Documents, including any Consents required under all applicable federal, state or other Applicable Law. 
 
 Consigned Inventory shall mean Inventory of any Borrower that is in the possession of another Person on a consignment, sale or return, or other basis that does not constitute a final sale and acceptance of such Inventory. Inventory sold to Borrowers Customers that is subject to Charge-Backs shall not be considered Consigned Inventory for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Contract Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. 
 
 Controlled Group shall mean, at any time, each Borrower and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control and all other entities which, together with any Borrower, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 
 Covered Entity shall mean (a) each Borrower, each of Borrower s Subsidiaries, all Guarantors and all pledgors of Collateral and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25 or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 
 
 Custome r shall mean and include the account debtor with respect to any Receivable and/or the prospective purchaser of goods, services or both with respect to any contract or contract right, and/or any party who enters into or proposes to enter into any contract or other arrangement with any Borrower, pursuant to which such Borrower is to deliver any personal property or perform any services. 
 
 Customs shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(b) hereof. 
 
 Daily LIBOR Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (x) the Published Rate by (y) a number equal to 1.00 minus the Reserve Percentage. 

11 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 
 
 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Borrowers, effective on the date of any such change. 
 Debt Payments shall mean and include, for each applicable test period, without duplication, (a) all Interest Expense during such period, plus (b) fees, commissions and charges set forth herein and with respect to any Advances during such period, plus (c) all scheduled principal payments on Capitalized Lease Obligations, plus (d) all scheduled principal payments, and prepaid principal payments (other than Borrowers prepayment of the term loan that was previously outstanding under this Agreement) made to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder, with respect to any Indebtedness for borrowed money. 
 
 Default shall mean an event, circumstance or condition which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 
 Default Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. 
 
 Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Revolving Commitment Percentage, as applicable, of Advances, (ii) if applicable, fund any portion of its Participation Commitment in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans or (iii) pay over to Agent, Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) has not been satisfied; 
 (b) has notified Borrowers or Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that 

12 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after request by Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances and, if applicable, participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon Agent s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent; (d) has become the subject of an Insolvency Event; or (e) has failed at any time to comply with the provisions of Section 2.6(e) with respect to purchasing participations from the other Lenders, whereby such Lender s share of any payment received, whether by setoff or otherwise, is in excess of its pro rata share of such payments due and payable to all of the Lenders. 
 Designated Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(d) hereof. Document shall have the meaning given to the term document in the Uniform 
 Commercial Code. 
 Dollar and the sign shall mean lawful money of the United States of America. Domestic Rate Loan shall mean any Advance that bears interest based upon the 
 Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 Drawing Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. Early Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. 
 EBITDA shall mean for any period with respect to Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis, the sum of (a) net income (or loss) for such period (excluding extraordinary gains and losses), plus (b) all interest expense for such period, plus (c) all charges against income for such period for federal, state and local taxes, plus (d) depreciation expenses for such period, plus 
 (e) amortization expenses for such period, plus (f) all charges against income for such period for non-cash compensation, plus (g) all non-cash charges against income for such period in connection with the sale of assets otherwise permitted under this Agreement (other than a write-down of inventory), plus (h) reasonably documented transaction expenses in such period related to the Borrowers efforts to pursue an initial public offering to the extent incurred prior to December 31, 2020 and in an amount not to exceed 4,250,000 in the aggregate for the trailing twelve-month period ending December 31, 2020; provided, that, each add-back to EBITDA included in subclauses (b) through (h) shall only be added back to the extent deducted in the calculation of net income. 

13 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Effective Date means the date indicated in a document or agreement to be the date on which such document or agreement becomes effective, or, if there is no such indication, the date of execution of such document or agreement. 
 
 Effective Federal Funds Rate means for any day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1 announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Effective Federal Funds Rate as of the date of this Agreement; provided that if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Effective Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the Effective Federal Funds Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Effective Federal Funds Rate as determined under any method above would be less than zero percent (0.00 ), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Eligible Contract Participant shall mean an eligible contract participant as defined in the CEA and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Eligibility Date shall mean, with respect to each Borrower and Guarantor and each Swap, the date on which this Agreement or any Other Document becomes effective with respect to such Swap (for the avoidance of doubt, the Eligibility Date shall be the Effective Date of such Swap if this Agreement or any Other Document is then in effect with respect to such Borrower or Guarantor, and otherwise it shall be the Effective Date of this Agreement and/or such Other Document(s) to which such Borrower or Guarantor is a party). 
 
 Eligible Insured Foreign Receivable or Receivables shall mean Receivables that meet the requirements of Eligible Receivables, except clause (f) of such definition, provided that such Receivables are credit insured (the insurance carrier, amount and terms of such insurance shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent and shall name Agent as beneficiary or loss payee, as applicable). 
 
 Eligible Inventory shall mean and include Inventory, excluding work in process, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined on a first-in-first-out basis, which is not, in Agent s opinion, obsolete, slow moving or unmerchantable and which Agent, in its reasonable discretion, shall not deem ineligible Inventory, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time reasonably deem appropriate including whether the Inventory is subject to a perfected, first priority security interest in favor of Agent and no other Lien (other than a Permitted Encumbrance). In addition, Inventory shall not be Eligible Inventory if it: (a) does not conform to all standards imposed by any Governmental Body which has regulatory authority over such goods or the use or sale thereof; (b) is Foreign In-Transit Inventory or in-transit within the United States; (c) is located outside the continental United States or at a location that is not otherwise in compliance with this Agreement; (d) constitutes Consigned Inventory; (e) is the subject of an Intellectual Property Claim; (f) is subject to a License Agreement that limits, 

14 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

conditions or restricts the applicable Borrower s or Agent s right to sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory, unless Agent is a party to a Licensor/Agent Agreement with the Licensor under such License Agreement (or Agent shall agree otherwise in its reasonable discretion after establishing reserves against the Formula Amount with respect thereto as Agent shall deem appropriate in its reasonable discretion); (g) is situated at a location not owned by a Borrower unless the owner or occupier of such location has executed in favor of Agent a Lien Waiver Agreement (or Agent shall agree otherwise in its reasonable discretion after establishing reserves against the Formula Amount with respect thereto as Agent shall deem appropriate in its reasonable discretion); or (h) if the sale of such Inventory would result in an ineligible Receivable. 
 
 Eligible Machinery and Equipment shall mean and include the machinery and equipment owned by Borrowers and which Agent, in its reasonable credit judgment, shall deem to be Eligible Machinery and Equipment, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time reasonably deem appropriate. Machinery and equipment shall not be deemed eligible unless such Machinery or equipment is (a) subject to Agent s first priority perfected security interest and no other Lien and (b) not subject to a certificate of title statute. 
 
 Eligible Receivables shall mean and include, each Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its reasonable credit judgment, shall deem to be an Eligible Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time reasonably deem appropriate. A Receivable shall not be deemed eligible unless such Receivable is subject to Agent s first priority perfected security interest and no other Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances), and is evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence satisfactory to Agent. In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable if: 
 
 (a) it arises out of a sale made by any Borrower to an Affiliate of any Borrower or to a Person controlled by an Affiliate of any Borrower; 

(b) it is due or unpaid more than ninety (90) days after the original invoice date or sixty (60) days after the original due date; 

(c) it is due from a Customer with respect to which twenty-five percent (25 or more of the Receivables from such Customer are not deemed Eligible Receivables hereunder. Such percentage may, in Agent s reasonable discretion, be increased or decreased from time to time; 

(d) any covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement with respect to such Receivable has been breached; 

(e) it is due from a Customer with respect to which an Insolvency Event shall have occurred; 

(f) the sale is to a Customer outside the continental United States of America or is to a Customer in a province of Canada that has not adopted the Personal Property Security Act of Canada, unless the sale giving rise thereto is on letter of credit, guaranty or acceptance terms, in each case acceptable to Agent in its reasonable discretion or such Receivable constitutes an Eligible Insured Foreign Receivable; 

15 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(g) the sale to the Customer is on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or any other repurchase or return basis or is evidenced by chattel paper; 

(h) Agent believes, in its reasonable judgment, that collection of such Receivable is insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer s financial inability to pay; 

(i) it is due from a Customer which is the United States of America, any state or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them, unless the applicable Borrower assigns its right to payment of such Receivable to Agent pursuant to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. Sub-Section 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. Sub-Section 15 et seq.) or has otherwise complied with other applicable statutes or ordinances; 

(j) the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered to and accepted by the Customer or the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been performed by the applicable Borrower and accepted by the Customer or the Receivable otherwise does not represent a final sale; 

(k) the Receivables of the Customer exceed a credit limit determined by Agent, in its reasonable discretion, to the extent such Receivable exceeds such limit; 

(l) the Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credits or counterclaim (but such Receivable shall only be ineligible to the extent of such offset, deduction, defense or counterclaim), the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Borrower or the Receivable is contingent in any respect or for any reason; 

(m) the applicable Borrower has made any agreement with any Customer for any deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto; 

(n) any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable has occurred or the rendition of services giving rise to such Receivable has been disputed; 

(o) such Receivable is not payable to a Borrower; or 

(p) such Receivable is not otherwise satisfactory to Agent as determined in good faith by Agent in the exercise of its discretion in a reasonable manner. 

Environmental Complaint shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof. Environmental Laws shall mean all federal, state and local environmental, land use, 
 zoning, health, chemical use, safety and sanitation laws, statutes, ordinances and codes as well as common laws, relating to the protection of the environment, human health and/or governing the use, storage, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, production or disposal of Hazardous Materials and the rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, interpretations, decisions, 

16 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

orders and directives of federal, state, international and local governmental agencies and authorities with respect thereto. 
 
 Equity Interests shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, rights to purchase, options, warrants, general, limited or limited liability partnership interests, member interests, participation or other equivalents of or interest in (regardless of how designated) equity of such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act), including in each case all of the following rights relating to such Equity Interests, whether arising under the Organizational Documents of the Person issuing such Equity Interests (the issuer or under the applicable laws of such issuer s jurisdiction of organization relating to the formation, existence and governance of corporations, limited liability companies or partnerships or business trusts or other legal entities, as the case may be: (i) all economic rights (including all rights to receive dividends and distributions) relating to such Equity Interests; (ii) all voting rights and rights to consent to any particular action(s) by the applicable issuer; (iii) all management rights with respect to such issuer; (iv) in the case of any Equity Interests consisting of a general partner interest in a partnership, all powers and rights as a general partner with respect to the management, operations and control of the business and affairs of the applicable issuer; (v) in the case of any Equity Interests consisting of the membership/limited liability company interests of a managing member in a limited liability company, all powers and rights as a managing member with respect to the management, operations and control of the business and affairs of the applicable issuer; (vi) all rights to designate or appoint or vote for or remove any officers, directors, manager(s), general partner(s) or managing member(s) of such issuer and/or any members of any board of members/managers/partners/directors that may at any time have any rights to manage and direct the business and affairs of the applicable issuer under its Organizational Documents as in effect from time to time or under Applicable Law; (vii) all rights to amend the Organizational Documents of such issuer, (viii) in the case of any Equity Interests in a partnership or limited liability company, the status of the holder of such Equity Interests as a partner , general or limited, or member (as applicable) under the applicable Organizational Documents and/or Applicable Law; and (ix) all certificates evidencing such Equity Interests. 
 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Article X hereof. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities shall mean, with respect to each Borrower and Guarantor, each of its Swap Obligations if, and only to the extent that, all or any portion of this Agreement or any Other Document that relates to such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulation or order of the CFTC, solely by virtue of such Borrower s and/or Guarantor s failure to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing or in any other provision of this Agreement or any Other Document, the foregoing is subject to the 
 
 17 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

18 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

following provisos: (a) if a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, this definition shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulations or order of the CFTC, solely as a result of the failure by such Borrower or Guarantor for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap; (b) if a guarantee of a Swap Obligation would cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability but the grant of a security interest would not cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability, such Swap Obligation shall constitute an Excluded Hedge Liability for purposes of the guaranty but not for purposes of the grant of the security interest; and (c) if there is more than one Borrower or Guarantor executing this Agreement or the Other Documents and a Swap Obligation would be an Excluded Hedge Liability with respect to one or more of such Persons, but not all of them, the definition of Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities with respect to each such Person shall only be deemed applicable to (i) the particular Swap Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities with respect to such Person, and (ii) the particular Person with respect to which such Swap Obligations constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities. 
 
 Excluded Property shall mean (i) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title (other than to the extent a Lien thereon can be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code); (ii) any asset or property to the extent that the grant of a security interest is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or requires a consent not obtained of any Governmental Body pursuant to such applicable law, rule or regulation, in each case after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code and other applicable law and other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition; (iii) any lease, license or other agreement or contract or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, Lien securing a Capitalized Lease Obligation or similar arrangement, in each case permitted to be incurred under the Agreement, to the extent that a grant of a security interest or Lien therein would require a consent not obtained or violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or contract or purchase money arrangement, Capitalized Lease Obligation or similar arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than any Borrower), in each case after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code and other applicable law and other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, provided , however , that the foregoing shall cease to be treated as Excluded Property (and shall constitute Collateral) immediately at such time as the contractual or legal prohibition shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, such security interest shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease, license, contract or other agreement not subject to the prohibitions specified in this clause (iii), provided , further that Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds of any such lease, license, contract or other agreement or any goodwill of Borrowers business associated therewith or attributable thereto; 
 (iv) any United States intent-to-use trademark applications to the extent that, and solely during the period in which, the grant, attachment or enforcement of a security interest therein would, under applicable federal law, impair the registrability of such applications or the validity or enforceability of registrations issuing from such applications; and (v) any bank accounts 

19 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

established by any Borrower used exclusively for payroll, payroll taxes or employee benefits, escrow, customs, insurance, or fiduciary purposes or compliance with legal requirements, to the extent such legal requirements prohibit the granting of a lien thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Property shall not include proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Property unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would independently constitute Excluded Property. 
 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to Agent, any Lender, Participant, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any Obligations, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office or applicable lending office is located or, in the case of any Lender, Participant, Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which any Borrower is located, (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender, any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 3.10(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender or Participant (or its assignor or seller of a participation, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment or sale of a participation), to receive additional amounts from Borrowers with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.10(a), or (d) any Taxes imposed on any withholding payment payable to such recipient as a result of the failure of such recipient to satisfy the requirements set forth in the FATCA after December 31, 2012. 
 
 Facility Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b) hereof. 
 
 Farm Products shall mean all agricultural, livestock, poultry, seafood, milk, dairy, eggs, or other products sold to any Borrower by a Farm Products Seller, and all proceeds and products thereof, including without limitation (1) farm products as such term is defined in the Food Security Act and the UCC, (2) meats , meat food products , livestock , livestock products , poultry and poultry products as such terms are defined in the PSA, and (3) perishable agricultural commodities , as such term is defined in PACA. 
 
 Farm Products Sellers or Farm Products Seller shall mean, collectively, any seller, supplier, or other Person that (a) is, or as determined by Agent in the exercise of its reasonable discretion, could be, afforded the benefit of any Lien or trust upon any agricultural, livestock, poultry, seafood milk, dairy, eggs, or other products sold to any Borrower, directly or indirectly, and/or any proceeds of such products, under any Sellers Lien Laws or (b) sells eggs to any Borrower for re-sale in the Ordinary Course of Business who is not afforded the benefit of any Lien or trust upon the eggs sold to such Borrower, directly or indirectly, and/or any proceeds of such eggs, under any Sellers Lien Laws. 
 
 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not 

20 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof. 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate shall mean for any day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1 announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Federal Funds Effective Rate as of the date of this Agreement; provided, if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the Federal Funds Effective Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. 
 
 Federal Funds Open Rate shall mean for any day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) which is the daily federal funds open rate as quoted by ICAP North America, Inc. (or any successor) as set forth on the Bloomberg Screen BTMM for that day opposite the caption OPEN (or on such other substitute Bloomberg Screen that displays such rate), or as set forth on such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate as selected by PNC (an Alternate Source (or if such rate for such day does not appear on the Bloomberg Screen BTMM (or any substitute screen) or on any Alternate Source, or if there shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Screen BTMM (or any substitute screen) or any Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined by PNC at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error); provided however, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Open Rate for such day shall be the open rate on the immediately preceding Business Day. If and when the Federal Funds Open Rate changes, the rate of interest with respect to any advance to which the Federal Funds Open Rate applies will change automatically without notice to Borrowers, effective on the date of any such change. 
 
 Field Exam Period shall mean the period commencing upon the occurrence of a Field Exam Triggering Event and ending on the date that is one (1) year thereafter. 
 
 Field Exam Triggering Event shall mean Undrawn Availability is less than thirty five percent (35 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount for six (6) consecutive months. 
 
 Financial Covenant Testing Period shall mean the period commencing on the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to Section 9.7 or 
 9.8 hereof (as applicable) and ending on the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event. 
 
 Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event shall mean the earliest date following a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event on which Borrowers have maintained at least 
 20,000,000 in the PNC IAM Account for thirty (30) consecutive days. 

21 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event shall mean, the occurrence of Borrowers failing to maintain at least 20,000,000 in PNC IAM Account on any Business Day. 
 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean, with respect to any fiscal period, the ratio of 
 (a) EBITDA, minus Unfunded Capital Expenditures made during such period, minus distributions (including tax distributions) and dividends made during such period, minus cash taxes paid during such period to (b) all Debt Payments during such period. 
 
 Flood Laws shall mean all Applicable Laws relating to policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and other Applicable Laws related thereto. 
 
 Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean any foreign exchange transaction, including spot and forward foreign currency purchases and sales, listed or over-the-counter options on foreign currencies, non-deliverable forwards and options, foreign currency swap agreements, currency exchange rate price hedging arrangements, and any other similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency entered into by any Borrower, Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
 
 Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities shall have the meaning assigned in the definition of Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge. 
 
 Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which Borrowers are resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of any Person that is not organized or incorporated in the United States, any State or territory thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 
 Formula Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof. 
 
 Funded Debt shall mean, with respect to any Person, without duplication, all Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, or similar evidences of Indebtedness that by its terms matures more than one year from, or is directly or indirectly renewable or extendible at such Person s option under a revolving credit or similar agreement obligating the lender or lenders to extend credit over a period of more than one year from the date of creation thereof, and specifically including Capitalized Lease Obligations, current maturities of long-term debt, revolving credit and short term debt extendible beyond one year at the option of the debtor, and also including, in the case of Borrowers, the Obligations and, without duplication, Indebtedness consisting of guaranties of Funded Debt of other Persons; provided however that for purposes of determining the amount of Funded Debt with respect to the Obligations, the amount of Funded Debt shall be equal to (i) the quotient of (A) the sum of the outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans and the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for each day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, divided by 
 (B) the number of such days in such fiscal quarter. 

22 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time. 
 
 Governmental Acts shall mean any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto Governmental Body. 
 
 Governmental Body shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof or any entity, authority, agency, division or department exercising the executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to a government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 
 Guarantor shall mean any Person who may hereafter guarantee payment or performance of the whole or any part of the Obligations and Guarantors means collectively all such Persons. 
 
 Guarantor Security Agreement shall mean any security agreement executed by any Guarantor in favor of Agent securing the Obligations or the Guaranty of such Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 
 
 Guaranty shall mean any guaranty of the Obligations executed by a Guarantor in favor of Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 
 Hazardous Discharge shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof. Hazardous Materials shall mean, without limitation, any flammable explosives, radon, 
 radioactive materials, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum and petroleum products, methane, hazardous materials, Hazardous Wastes, hazardous or Toxic Substances or related materials as defined in or subject to regulation under Environmental Laws. 
 
 Hazardous Wastes shall mean all waste materials subject to regulation under CERCLA, RCRA or applicable state law, and any other applicable Federal and state laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to hazardous waste disposal. 
 
 Hedge Liabilities shall mean collectively, the Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities and the Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities. 
 
 Indebtedness shall mean, as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of: 
 (a) borrowed money; (b) amounts received under or liabilities in respect of any note purchase or acceptance credit facility, and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (c) all Capitalized Lease Obligations; (d) reimbursement 

23 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit agreement, banker s acceptance agreement or similar arrangement; (e) obligations under any Interest Rate Hedge, Foreign Currency Hedge, or other interest rate management device, foreign currency exchange agreement, currency swap agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement; (f) any other advances of credit made to or on behalf of such Person or other transaction (including forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements including to finance the purchase price of property or services and all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (but not including trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not represented by a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness and which are not more than thirty (30) days past due); (g) all Equity Interests of such Person subject to repurchase or redemption rights or obligations (excluding repurchases or redemptions at the sole option of such Person); (h) all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such indebtedness, obligations or liabilities are otherwise an obligation of such Person; (i) all obligations of such Person for earnouts , purchase price adjustments, profit sharing arrangements, deferred purchase money amounts and similar payment obligations or continuing obligations of any nature of such Person arising out of purchase and sale contracts; (j) off-balance sheet liabilities and/or pension plan liabilities of such Person; 
 (k) obligations arising under bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation or similar arrangements, other than those arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (l) any guaranty of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of a type described in the foregoing clauses 
 (a) through (k), provided that Charge-Back obligations will not be considered Indebtedness for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Indemnified Taxes shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
 
 Insolvency Event shall mean, with respect to any Person, including without limitation any Lender, such Person or such Person s direct or indirect parent company (a) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (including any proceeding under Title 11 of the United States Code), or regulatory restrictions, (b) has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it or has called a meeting of its creditors, (c) admits in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to pay its debts as they become due or ceases operations of its present business, (d) with respect to a Lender, such Lender is unable to perform hereunder due to the application of Applicable Law, or (e) in the good faith determination of Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment of a type described in clauses (a) or (b), provided that an Insolvency Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person or such Person s direct or indirect parent company by a Governmental Body or instrumentality thereof if, and only if, such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Body or 

24 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 
 Intellectual Property shall mean property constituting a patent, copyright, trademark (or any application in respect of the foregoing), service mark, copyright, copyright application, trade name, mask work, trade secrets, design right, assumed name or license or other right to use any of the foregoing under Applicable Law. 
 
 Intellectual Property Claim shall mean the assertion, by any means, by any Person of a claim that any Borrower s ownership, use, marketing, sale or distribution of any Inventory, equipment, Intellectual Property or other property or asset is violative of any ownership of or right to use any Intellectual Property of such Person. 
 
 Interest Expense means, for any period, the aggregate of the interest expense of Borrowers for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Interest Period shall mean the period provided for any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(b) hereof. 
 
 Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor, cross-currency swap or similar agreements entered into by any Borrower, Guarantor and/or their respective Subsidiaries in order to provide protection to, or minimize the impact upon, such Borrower, any Guarantor and/or their respective Subsidiaries of increasing floating rates of interest applicable to Indebtedness. 
 
 Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities shall have the meaning assigned in the definition of Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge. 
 
 Inventory shall mean and include as to each Borrower (a) all of such Borrower s inventory (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code), (b) all of such Borrower s goods, merchandise and other personal property, wherever located, to be furnished under any consignment arrangement, contract of service or held for sale or lease, (c) all raw materials, work in process, finished goods and materials and supplies of any kind, nature or description which are or might be used or consumed in such Borrower s business or used in selling or furnishing such goods, merchandise and other personal property, (d) all Documents and (e) notwithstanding the exclusion of farm products from the definition of inventory under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, all eggs in any Borrower s possession prior to re-sale to any of Borrowers Customers, including without limitation, Nest-Run Eggs. 
 
 Inventory Advance Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(II)(y)(ii) 
 hereof. 
 
 Issuer shall mean (i) Agent in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit under this 
 Agreement and (ii) any other Person which Agent in its discretion shall designate as the issuer of and cause to issue any particular Letter of Credit under this Agreement in place of Agent as issuer. 

25 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Law(s) shall mean any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, issued guidance, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, with any Governmental Body, foreign or domestic. 
 
 Lender and Lenders shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include each Person which becomes a transferee, successor or assign of any Lender. For the purpose of provision of this Agreement or any Other Document which provides for the granting of a security interest or other Lien to the Agent for the benefit of Lenders as security for the Obligations, Lenders shall include any Affiliate of a Lender to which such Obligation (specifically including any Hedge Liabilities and any Cash Management Liabilities) is owed. 
 
 Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean a Foreign Currency Hedge which is provided by any Lender and for which such Lender confirms to Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. The liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge (the Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities by any Borrower, Guarantor, or any of their respective Subsidiaries that is party to such Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all Other Documents be Obligations of such Person and of each other Borrower and Guarantor, be guaranteed obligations under any Guaranty and secured obligations under any Guarantor Security Agreement, as applicable, and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. The Liens securing the Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.5 hereof. 
 
 Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an Interest Rate Hedge which is provided by any Lender and with respect to which such Lender confirms to Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. The liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge (the Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities by any Borrower, Guarantor, or any of their respective Subsidiaries that is party to such Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all Other Documents be Obligations of such Person and of each other Borrower and Guarantor, be guaranteed obligations under any Guaranty and secured obligations under any Guarantor Security Agreement, as applicable, and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. The Liens securing the Hedge Liabilities shall be pari passu with the Liens 

26 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.5 hereof. 
 
 Letter of Credit Application shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(a) hereof. Letter of Credit Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. Letter of Credit Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 hereof 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit shall mean 2,000,000. 
 
 Letters of Credit shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.11 hereof. 
 
 Leverage Ratio shall mean the ratio of (a) Funded Debt of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis as of the date of determination to (b) EBITDA, calculated for the trailing twelve-month period ending on the date of determination. 
 
 LIBOR Alternate Source shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of LIBOR 
 Rate. 
 
 LIBOR Rate shall mean for any LIBOR Rate Loan for the then current Interest Period 
 relating thereto, the interest rate per annum determined by Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 per annum) (a) the rate which appears on the Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or on such other substitute Bloomberg page that displays rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market), or the rate which is quoted by another source reasonably selected by Agent as an authorized information vendor for the purpose of displaying rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market (a LIBOR Alternate Source ), at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period as the London interbank offered rate for U.S. Dollars for an amount comparable to such LIBOR Rate Loan and having a borrowing date and a maturity comparable to such Interest Period (or (x) if there shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or any substitute page) or any LIBOR Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate reasonably determined by Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), (y) if the LIBOR Rate is unascertainable as set forth in Section 3.8.2, a comparable replacement rate determined in accordance with Section 3.8.2), by 
 (b) a number equal to 1.00 minus the Reserve Percentage; provided , however , that if the LIBOR Rate determined as provided above would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to any LIBOR Rate Loan that is outstanding on the effective date of any change in the Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Agent shall give reasonably prompt notice to the Borrowing Agent of the LIBOR Rate as determined or adjusted in accordance herewith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

27 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Rate. 

28 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

LIBOR Rate Loan shall mean any Advance that bears interest based on the LIBOR 
 
 License Agreement shall mean any agreement between any Borrower and a Licensor 

29 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

pursuant to which such Borrower is authorized to use any Intellectual Property in connection with the manufacturing, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory of such Borrower or otherwise in connection with such Borrower s business operations. 
 
 Licensor shall mean any Person from whom any Borrower obtains the right to use (whether on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis) any Intellectual Property in connection with such Borrower s manufacture, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory or otherwise in connection with such Borrower s business operations. 
 
 Licensor/Agent Agreement shall mean an agreement between Agent and a Licensor, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by which Agent is given the unqualified right, vis- -vis such Licensor, to enforce Agent s Liens with respect to and to dispose of any Borrower s Inventory with the benefit of any Intellectual Property applicable thereto, irrespective of such Borrower s default under any License Agreement with such Licensor. 
 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, lien (whether statutory or otherwise), Charge, claim or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement held or asserted in respect of any asset of any kind or nature whatsoever including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction. 
 
 Lien Waiver Agreement shall mean an agreement which is executed in favor of Agent by a Person who owns or occupies premises at which any Collateral may be located from time to time in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 
 
 M E Advance Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(II)(y)(iii) hereof. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, business or properties of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis, (b) Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis ability to duly and punctually pay or perform the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, (c) the value of the Collateral taken as a whole, or Agent s Liens on the Collateral taken as a whole or the priority of any such Lien or (d) the practical realization of the benefits of Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the Other Documents. 
 
 Material Contract shall mean any contract, agreement, instrument, permit, lease or license, written or oral, of any Borrower, which is material to any Borrower s business or which the failure to comply with could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount shall mean 0. 

30 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Maximum Revolving Advance Amount shall mean 20,000,000. 
 
 Maximum Undrawn Amount shall mean, with respect to any outstanding Letter of Credit as of any date, the amount of such Letter of Credit that is or may become available to be drawn, including all automatic increases provided for in such Letter of Credit, whether or not any such automatic increase has become effective. 
 
 Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which contributions are required or, within the preceding five plan years, were required by any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group. 
 
 Multiple Employer Plan shall mean a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA. 
 
 Negotiable Document shall mean a Document that is negotiable within the meaning of Article 7 of the Uniform Commercial Code. 
 
 Nest-Run Eggs shall mean eggs acquired by a Borrower for re-sale, which eggs are packed without having been washed, sized and candled for quality, with the exception that some checks, dirties or other obvious undergrades may have been removed. 
 Ninth Amendment shall mean that certain Ninth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of the Ninth Amendment Date, by and among Borrowers, Lenders and Agent. 
 Ninth Amendment Date shall mean April 2, 2021. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 
 Non-Qualifying Party shall mean any Borrower or any Guarantor that on the Eligibility Date fails for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant. 
 Notes shall mean collectively, the Revolving Credit Note and the Swing Loan Note. Obligations shall mean and include any and all loans (including without limitation, all 
 Advances and Swing Loans), advances, debts, liabilities, obligations (including without limitation all reimbursement obligations and cash collateralization obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued hereunder), covenants and duties owing by any Borrower, any Guarantor, or any Subsidiary of any Borrower or any Guarantor to Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, Lenders or Agent (or to any other direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Agent) of any kind or nature, present or future (including any interest or other amounts accruing thereon, any fees accruing under or in connection therewith, any costs and expenses of any Person payable by any Borrower and any indemnification obligations 

31 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

payable by any Borrower arising or payable after maturity, or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to any Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest, fees or other amounts is allowable or allowed in such proceeding), whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, whether arising under any agreement, instrument or document (including this Agreement, the Other Documents, Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges and any Cash Management Products and Services) whether or not for the payment of money, whether arising by reason of an extension of credit, opening or issuance of a letter of credit, loan, equipment lease, establishment of any commercial card or similar facility or guarantee, under any interest or currency swap, future, option or other similar agreement, or in any other manner, whether arising out of overdrafts or deposit or other accounts or electronic funds transfers (whether through automated clearing houses or otherwise) or out of Agent s or any Lender s non-receipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made whole in connection with depository transfer check or other similar arrangements, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment or participation), absolute or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, regardless of how such indebtedness or liabilities arise or by what agreement or instrument they may be evidenced or whether evidenced by any agreement or instrument, including, but not limited to, (i) any and all of any Borrower s or any Guarantor s Indebtedness and/or liabilities (and any and all indebtedness, obligations and/or liabilities of any Subsidiary of any Borrower or any Guarantor) under this Agreement, the Other Documents or under any other agreement between Issuer, Agent or Lenders and any Borrower and any amendments, extensions, renewals or increases and all costs and expenses of Issuer, Agent and any Lender incurred in the documentation, negotiation, modification, enforcement, collection or otherwise in connection with any of the foregoing, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and all obligations of any Borrower to Issuer, Agent or Lenders to perform acts or refrain from taking any action, (ii) all Hedge Liabilities and (iii) all Cash Management Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Hedge Liabilities. 
 
 Ordinary Course of Business shall mean, with respect to any Borrower, the ordinary course of such Borrower s business as conducted on the Ninth Amendment Date and any business reasonably related or incidental thereto or representing a reasonable expansion thereof. 
 
 Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, any charter, articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization, registration or formation, certificate of partnership or limited partnership, bylaws, operating agreement, limited liability company agreement, or partnership agreement of such Person and any and all other applicable documents relating to such Person s formation, organization or entity governance matters (including any shareholders or equity holders agreement or voting trust agreement) and specifically includes, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity. 
 
 Other Documents shall mean the Notes, the Perfection Certificates, any Guaranty, any Guarantor Security Agreement, any Pledge Agreement, any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge, and any and all other agreements, instruments and documents, including any intercreditor agreements, guaranties, pledges, powers 
 
 32 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

33 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

of attorney, consents, interest or currency swap agreements or other similar agreements and all other writings heretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Borrower or any Guarantor and/or delivered to Agent or any Lender in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case together with all extensions, renewals, amendments, supplements, modifications, substitutions and replacements thereto and thereof. 
 
 Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any Other Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any Other Document. 
 
 Out-of-Formula Loans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(e) hereof. 
 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by such Federal Reserve Bank (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Agent for the purpose of displaying such rate) (an Alternate Source ); provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrower. 
 
 Ovabrite Line of Credit shall mean the line of credit extended by Vital Farms to Ovabrite, Inc., as evidenced by that certain Line of Credit Note dated as of December 23, 2016, issued by Ovabrite, Inc. in favor of Vital Farms in the original principal amount of 50,000. 
 
 Ovabrite Note Receivable shall mean that certain Promissory Note dated as of December 23, 2016, issued by Ovabrite, Inc. in favor of Vital Farms in the original principal amount of 446,000. 
 
 PACA shall mean the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930, as amended, 7 
 U.S.C. Section 499a et. seq ., as the same now exists or may hereafter from time to time be amended, modified, recodified or supplemented, together with all rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Parent of any Person shall mean a corporation or other entity owning, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the Equity Interests issued by such Person having ordinary voting 

34 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

power to elect a majority of the directors of such Person, or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person. 
 
 Participant shall mean each Person who shall be granted the right by any Lender to participate in any of the Advances and who shall have entered into a participation agreement in form and substance satisfactory to such Lender. 
 Participation Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. Participation Commitment shall mean the obligation hereunder of each Lender holding 
 a Revolving Commitment to buy a participation equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any reallocation pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(iii) hereof) in the Swing Loans made by Swing Loan Lender hereunder as provided for in Section 2.4(c) hereof and in the Letters of Credit issued hereunder as provided for in Section 2.14(a) hereof. 
 
 Payment Office shall mean initially Two Tower Center Boulevard, East Brunswick, New Jersey 08816; thereafter, such other office of Agent, if any, which it may designate by notice to Borrowing Agent and to each Lender to be the Payment Office. 
 
 PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any successor. 
 
 Pension Benefit Plan shall mean at any time any employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412, 430 or 436 of the Code and either (i) is maintained or to which contributions are required by Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained or to which contributions have been required by a Borrower or any entity which was at such time a member of the Controlled Group. 
 
 Perfection Certificates shall mean, collectively, the information questionnaires and the responses thereto provided by each Borrower and delivered to Agent. 
 
 Permitted Acquisitions shall mean acquisitions of the assets or Equity Interests of another Person (the target so long as: (a) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such acquisition, Borrowers have Undrawn Availability and Average Undrawn Availability of not less than thirty five percent (35 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount; (b) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, such target shall (i) be added as a Borrower to this Agreement and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (ii) grant to Agent a first priority lien in all assets of such target; (c) Agent shall have received a first-priority security interest in all acquired assets or Equity Interests, subject to documentation satisfactory to Agent; 
 (d) the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of the target shall have duly approved the transaction; (e) Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent (i) to the extent (x) such acquisition is consummated during the period beginning on the date of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event and ending on the date of the corresponding Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event or (y) the total costs and liabilities (including without limitation, all assumed liabilities, all earn-out payments, deferred payments and the value of any other stock or 
 
 35 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

36 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

assets transferred, assigned or encumbered with respect to such acquisition) of such acquisition exceeds 20,000,000 in the aggregate (whether or not a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event has occurred and the corresponding Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event has occurred), a pro forma balance sheet and pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such acquisition on a pro forma basis, Borrowers would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.5 as of the most recent fiscal quarter end and (ii) financial statements of the acquired entity for the two most recent fiscal years then ended; (f) no assets acquired in any such transaction(s) shall be included in the Formula Amount until Agent has received a field examination and/or appraisal of such assets, in form and substance acceptable to Agent; and (g) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or will occur after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition. For the purposes of calculating Undrawn Availability under this definition to the extent applicable, any assets being acquired in the proposed acquisition shall be included in the Formula Amount on the date of closing so long as Agent has received an audit or appraisal of such assets as set forth in clause (f) above and so long as such assets satisfy the applicable eligibility criteria. 
 
 Permitted Encumbrances shall mean: (a) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of Agent and Lenders, including without limitation, Liens securing Hedge Liabilities and Cash Management Products and Services; (b) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not delinquent or being Properly Contested; (c) deposits or pledges to secure obligations under worker s compensation, social security or similar laws, or under unemployment insurance; 
 (d) deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds and other obligations of like nature arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; (e) Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance against any Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any property of any Borrower or any Subsidiary, of any judgment, writ, order, or decree to the extent the rendition, entry, issuance or continued existence of such judgment, writ, order or decree (or any event or circumstance relating thereto) has not resulted in the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 10.6 hereof; (f) carriers , repairmens , mechanics , workers , materialmen s or other like Liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to obligations which are not due or which are being Properly Contested; (g) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under clauses (b) and (d) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and Liens placed upon fixed assets hereafter acquired to secure all or a portion of the purchase price thereof, provided that any such lien shall not encumber any other property of any Borrower; (h) other Liens incidental to the conduct of any Borrower s business or the ownership of its property and assets which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit, and which do not in the aggregate materially detract from Agent s or Lenders rights in and to the Collateral or the value of any Borrower s property or assets or which do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of any Borrower s business; (i) easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other charges or encumbrances, in each case, which do not interfere in any material respect with the Ordinary Course of Business of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries; (j) any exceptions listed on Schedule B of the title insurance policies delivered to, and accepted by, Agent and Lenders under Section 8.1(d); (k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the Ordinary Course of Business; (l) Liens disclosed on Schedule 1.2; provided that such Liens shall secure only those obligations which they secure on 

37 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

the Ninth Amendment Date (and extensions, renewals and refinancing of such obligations permitted by Section 7.8 hereof) and shall not subsequently apply to any other property or assets of any Borrower other than the property and assets to which they apply as of the Ninth Amendment Date; and (m) other Liens securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,000,000 at any time outstanding ; and 
 (n) Liens on cash collateral in an amount not to exceed 5,000,000 to secure Commodity Hedge Liabilities . 
 
 Permitted Indebtedness shall mean: (a) the Obligations; (b) Indebtedness incurred for Capital Expenditures; (c) any guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.3 hereof; (d) Indebtedness incurred in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets in an amount not to exceed 15,000,000 in any fiscal year; 
 (e) Indebtedness (i) resulting from a bank or other financial institution honoring a check, draft or similar instrument in the ordinary course of business or (ii) arising under or in connection with cash management services in the ordinary course of business; and (f) any Indebtedness listed on Schedule 5.8(b)(ii) hereof on the Ninth Amendment Date ; and (g) Indebtedness incurred in connection with Commodity Hedge Liabilities in an amount not to exceed 5,000,000 . 

Person shall mean any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, institution, public benefit corporation, joint venture, entity or Governmental Body (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof). 
 
 Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Benefit Plan and a Multiemployer Plan, as defined herein) maintained by any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group or to which any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group is required to contribute. 
 
 Pledge Agreement shall mean that certain Collateral Pledge Agreement executed by Vital Farms in favor of Agent dated as of the Closing Date and any other pledge agreements executed subsequent to the Closing Date by any other Person to secure the Obligations. 
 
 PNC shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall extend to all of its successors and assigns. 
 
 PNC IAM Account shall mean that certain institutional asset management account of Borrowers maintained with PNC, account # 20-53-002-6942901. 
 Pro Forma Balance Sheet shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a) hereof. Pro Forma Financial Statements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) 
 hereof. 
 
 Projections shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) hereof. 
 
 Properly Contested shall mean, in the case of any Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as 
 applicable, of any Person that are not paid as and when due or payable by reason of such 
 
 38 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

39 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Person s bona fide dispute concerning its liability to pay the same or concerning the amount thereof: (a) such Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, are being properly contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; (b) such Person has established appropriate reserves as shall be required in conformity with GAAP; (c) the non-payment of such Indebtedness or Taxes will not have a Material Adverse Effect or will not result in the forfeiture of any assets of such Person; (d) no Lien is imposed upon any of such Person s assets with respect to such Indebtedness or taxes unless such Lien (x) does not attach to any Receivables or Inventory, (y) is at all times junior and subordinate in priority to the Liens in favor of the Agent (except only with respect to property Taxes that have priority as a matter of applicable state law) and, (z) enforcement of such Lien is stayed during the period prior to the final resolution or disposition of such dispute; and (e) if such Indebtedness or Lien, as applicable, results from, or is determined by the entry, rendition or issuance against a Person or any of its assets of a judgment, writ, order or decree, enforcement of such judgment, writ, order or decree is stayed pending a timely appeal or other judicial review. 
 
 Protective Advances shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(f) hereof. 
 
 PSA shall mean the Packers and Stockyard Act of 1921, 7 U.S.C. Section 181 et. seq., as the same now exists or may from time to time hereafter be amended, modified, recodified or supplemented, together with all rules, regulations and interpretations thereunder or related thereto. 
 
 Published Rate shall mean the rate of interest published each Business Day in the Wall Street Journal Money Rates listing under the caption London Interbank Offered Rates for a one month period (or, if no such rate is published therein for any reason, then the Published Rate shall be the LIBOR Rate for a one month period as published in another publication selected by the Agent). 
 Purchasing CLO shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. Purchasing Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(c) hereof. Qualified ECP Loan Party shall mean each Borrower or Guarantor that on the 
 Eligibility Date is (a) a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity other than a commodity pool as defined in Section 1a(10) of the CEA and CFTC regulations thereunder that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or (b) an Eligible Contract Participant that can cause another person to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA by entering into or otherwise providing a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement for purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 
 
 RCRA shall mean the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., as same may be amended from time to time. 

40 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Real Property shall mean all of the owned and leased premises identified on Schedule 
 4.4 hereto or in and to any other premises or real property that are hereafter owned or leased by any Borrower. 
 
 Receivables shall mean and include, as to each Borrower, all of such Borrower s accounts (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Borrower s contract rights, instruments (including those evidencing indebtedness owed to such Borrower by its Affiliates), documents, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper), general intangibles relating to accounts, contract rights, instruments, documents and chattel paper, and drafts and acceptances, credit card receivables and all other forms of obligations owing to such Borrower arising out of or in connection with the sale or lease of Inventory or the rendition of services, all supporting obligations, guarantees and other security therefor, whether secured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter created, and whether or not specifically sold or assigned to Agent hereunder. 
 
 Receivables Advance Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(II)(y)(i) 
 hereof. 
 
 Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(e) hereof. 
 
 Reimbursement Obligation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. Release shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(c)(i) hereof. 
 Reportable Compliance Event shall mean that any Covered Entity becomes a 
 Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual or probable violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 Reportable ERISA Event shall mean a reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived. 
 
 Required Lenders shall mean Lenders (not including Swing Loan Lender (in its capacity as such Swing Loan Lender) or any Defaulting Lender) holding at least sixty-six and two thirds percent (66 of either (a) the aggregate of the Revolving Commitment Amounts of all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender) or (b) after the termination of all commitments of Lenders hereunder, the sum of (x) the outstanding Revolving Advances and Swing Loans, plus 
 (y) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit; provided, however, if there are fewer than three (3) Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender). 
 
 Reserve Percentage shall mean as of any day the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including supplemental, marginal and 

41 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

emergency reserve requirements) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities . 
 
 Reserves shall mean as of any date of determination, such amounts as Agent may from time to time establish and revise in its reasonable discretion reducing the Formula Amount which would otherwise be available to Borrowers under the lending formula(s) provided for herein: (a) to reflect events, conditions, contingencies or risks which, as determined by Agent in its reasonable discretion, adversely affect, would or could have a reasonable likelihood of adversely affecting, either (1) the Collateral, its value or the amount that might be received by Agent from the sale or other disposition or realization upon such Collateral, (2) the assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of any Borrower, (3) the security interests and other rights of Agent in the Collateral (including the enforceability, perfection and priority thereof), (4) any Borrower s ability to perform hereunder or under the Other Documents or (5) Agent s or Lenders ability to enforce their rights under this Agreement and the Other Documents, (b) to ensure any Borrower s ability to satisfy any payment obligation for which it is liable, (c) to reflect Agent s good faith belief that any collateral report or financial information furnished by or on behalf of any of the Borrowers to Agent is or may have been incomplete, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect, (d) in respect of any state of facts which Agent determines in good faith constitutes or could reasonably be expected to result in a Default or an Event of Default, (e) reserves in respect of any Sellers Liens Laws or (f) reserves in respect to of Borrower s liabilities with respect to any lease of Real Property at a location for which a Lien Waiver Agreement has not been obtained, and any other reserves specifically provided for in this Agreement. The amount of any Reserve established by Agent shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition or other matter which is the basis for such Reserve as determined by Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Revolving Advances shall mean Advances other than Letters of Credit and the Swing 
 Loans. 
 
 Revolving Commitment shall mean, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender (if 
 applicable), to make Revolving Advances and participate in Swing Loans and Letters of Credit, in an aggregate principal and/or face amount not to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount (if any) of such Lender. 
 
 Revolving Commitment Amount shall mean, as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment amount (if any) set forth below such Lender s name on the signature page hereto (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment amount (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement). 
 
 Revolving Commitment Percentage shall mean, as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) set forth below such Lender s name on the signature page hereof (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement). 

42 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Revolving Credit Note shall mean, collectively, the promissory notes referred to in Section 2.1(a) hereof. 
 
 Revolving Interest Rate shall mean (a) with respect to Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans and Swing Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Alternate Base Rate and (b) with respect to Revolving Advances that are LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the LIBOR SOFR Adjustment plus the Term SOFR Rate per annum . 
 
 Sanctioned Country shall mean a country subject to a sanctions program maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 Sanctioned Person shall mean any individual person, group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. Second Amendment Date shall mean February 7, 2019. 
 Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, Agent, Issuer, Swing Loan Lender and Lenders, together with any Affiliates of Agent or any Lender to whom any Hedge Liabilities or Cash Management Liabilities are owed and with each other holder of any of the Obligations, and the respective successors and assigns of each of them. 
 
 Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Sellers Lien Laws means, collectively, all state, federal, and other Applicable Laws applicable to a Borrower s purchase of Farm Products on credit from any selling party that creates a Lien or imposes a trust upon the agricultural, livestock, poultry, seafood, milk, dairy, egg, or other Farm Products sold and/or the proceeds and products thereof, for the benefit of such selling party, or a creditor thereof, to secure payment for such Farm Products, including without limitation, PACA, PSA, the Food Security Act, or any similar state or federal laws or regulations. 
 
 Sellers Lien Law Notices shall have the meaning given in Section 5.29. Settlement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof. Settlement Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof. 
 SOFR shall mean, for any day, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

43 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

SOFR Adjustment shall mean, for Term SOFR, the following: 

SOFR Adjustment 
 Interest Period 

10 basis points (0.10 
 For a 1-month Interest Period 

15 basis points (0.15 
 For a 3-month Interest Period 

25 basis points (0.25 
 For a 6-month Interest Period 

SOFR Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to 0 basis points (0.00 ). SOFR Reserve Percentage shall mean, for any day, the maximum effective 
 
 percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding. 
 Subsidiary shall mean of any Person a corporation or other entity of whose Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation, or other Persons performing similar functions for such entity, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. 
 
 Subsidiary Stock shall mean (a) with respect to the Equity Interests issued to a Borrower by any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary), 100 of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests, and (b) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to a Borrower by any Foreign Subsidiary (i) 100 of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956(c)(2)) and (ii) 66 (or such greater percentage that, due to a change in an Applicable Law after the date hereof, (x) could not reasonably be expected to cause the undistributed earnings of such Foreign Subsidiary as determined for United States federal income tax purposes to be treated as a deemed dividend to such Borrower and (y) could not reasonably be expected to cause any material adverse tax consequences) of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)). 
 
 Swap shall mean any swap as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and regulations thereunder other than (a) a swap entered into on, or subject to the rules of, a board of trade 

44 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

designated as a contract market under Section 5 of the CEA, or (b) a commodity option entered into pursuant to CFTC Regulation 32.3(a). 
 
 Swap Obligation means any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a Swap which is also a Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, or a Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge. 
 Swing Loan Lender shall mean PNC, in its capacity as lender of the Swing Loans. Swing Loan Note shall mean the promissory note described in Section 2.4(a) hereof. Swing Loans shall mean the Advances made pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof. Tangible Net Worth shall mean, at a particular date, (a) the aggregate amount of all 
 assets of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis as may be properly classified as such in accordance with GAAP consistently applied excluding such other assets as are properly classified as intangible assets under GAAP, less (b) the aggregate amount of all liabilities of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis. 
 
 Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Tenth Amendment shall mean that certain Tenth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of the Tenth Amendment Date, by and among Borrowers, Lenders and Agent. 
 
 Tenth Amendment Date shall mean December 29, 2022. 
 
 Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Rate shall mean, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to such Interest Period on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause 
 
 (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long 
 
 45 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

46 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrower on and as of (i) the first day of each Interest Period, and (ii) the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage. 
 
 Term SOFR Rate Loan means an Advance that bears interest based on Term SOFR Rate. 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on 
 
 SOFR. 
 
 Termination Event shall mean: (a) a Reportable ERISA Event with respect to any Plan; 
 (b) the withdrawal of any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group from a Plan during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the providing of notice of intent to terminate a Plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (d) the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Plan; (e) any event or condition (i) which might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or 
 (ii) that may result in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4041A of ERISA; (f) the partial or complete withdrawal, within the meaning of Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, of any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group from a Multiemployer Plan; (g) notice that a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 4245 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group. 
 
 Toxic Substance shall mean and include any material present on the Real Property (including the Leasehold Interests) which is subject to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., applicable state law, or any other applicable Federal or state laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to toxic substances. Toxic Substance includes but is not limited to asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and lead-based paints. 
 
 Transactions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a) hereof. Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. UCP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(b) hereof. 
 Undrawn Availability at a particular date shall mean an amount equal to (a) (I) during a Borrowing Base Period, the lesser of (i) the Formula Amount or (ii) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount minus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (II) at all other times, the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount minus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus (b) the sum of (i) the outstanding amount of Advances, plus (ii) all amounts due and owing to any Borrower s trade creditors 
 
 47 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

48 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

which are outstanding sixty (60) days or more past their due date, plus (iii) fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions for which Borrowers are liable but which have not been paid or charged to Borrowers Account. 
 
 Unfunded Capital Expenditures shall mean, as to any Borrower, without duplication, a Capital Expenditure (other than scheduled principal payments on Capitalized Lease Obligations) funded (a) from such Borrower s internally generated cash flow or (b) with the proceeds of a Revolving Advance or Swing Loan. 
 Uniform Commercial Code shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3 hereof. USA PATRIOT Act shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing 
 Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means, for any day except (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday, or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 1.3. 	Uniform Commercial Code Terms . All terms used herein and defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of New York from time to time (the Uniform Commercial Code shall have the meaning given therein unless otherwise defined herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms accounts , chattel paper (and electronic chattel paper 		and	 tangible	chattel	paper ),		 commercial		tort	claims ,	 deposit		accounts , documents , equipment , financial asset , fixtures , general intangibles , goods , instruments ,		 inventory ,	 investment		property ,	 letter-of-credit		rights ,			 payment intangibles ,		 proceeds ,	 promissory	note 	 securities ,		 software 		and	 supporting obligations as and when used in the description of Collateral shall have the meanings given to such terms in Articles 8 or 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or revision to the Uniform Commercial Code, such expanded definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision. 

1.4. Certain Matters of Construction . The terms herein , hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision. All references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, except where the context clearly requires otherwise. Any pronoun used shall be deemed to cover all genders. Wherever appropriate in the context, terms used herein in the singular also include the plural and vice versa. All references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations. Unless otherwise provided, all references to any instruments or agreements to which Agent is a party, including references to any of the Other Documents, shall include any and all modifications, supplements or amendments thereto, any and all restatements or replacements thereof and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, all references herein to the time of day 

49 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

shall mean the time in New York, New York. Unless 

50 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

otherwise provided, all financial calculations shall be performed with Inventory valued on a first-in, first-out basis. Whenever the words including or include shall be used, such words shall be understood to mean including, without limitation or include, without limitation . A Default or an Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall continue or be continuing until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by Required Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any of the Other Documents as having been created in favor of Agent, any agreement entered into by Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, any payment made by or to or funds received by Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of Agent and Lenders. Wherever the phrase to the best of Borrowers knowledge or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Borrower are used in this Agreement or Other Documents, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Borrower or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if he/she had engaged in a good faith and diligent performance of his/her duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Borrower and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. 
 
 1.5. LIBOR Benchmark Replacement Notification . Section 3.8.2 hereof . of this Agreement provides a mechanism for determining an alternate rate of interest in the event that the London interbank offered Term SOFR Rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of LIBOR Rate or Term SOFR Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 

1.6. Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate. With respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Agent shall provide notice to the Borrowers and the Lenders of each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

51 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS. 

2.1. Revolving Advances. 

(a) Amount of Revolving Advances . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement specifically including Section 2.1(b), each Lender, severally and not jointly, will make Revolving Advances to Borrowers in aggregate amounts outstanding at any time equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of (I) at all times (other than during a Borrowing Base Period) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the outstanding amount of Swing Loans, less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (II) during a Borrowing Base Period, the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the outstanding amount of Swing Loans, less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (y) an amount equal to the sum of: 

52 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Receivables, plus Advance Rate ), plus 
 (i) 

53 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

up to 85 (the Receivables Advance Rate of Eligible 

(ii) up to 50 of the value of the Eligible Inventory (the Inventory 

(iii) up to 40 of the value of the Eligible Machinery and Equipment 

54 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(the M E Advance Rate , together with the Receivables Advance Rate and the Inventory Advance Rate, collectively, the Advance Rates ), minus 
 
 (iv) the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus 

(v) any Reserves. 

The amount derived from the sum of (x) Sections 2.1(a)(II)(y)(i), (ii) and (iii) minus (y) Sections 2.1(a)(II)(y)(iv) and (v) at any time and from time to time shall be referred to as the Formula Amount . The Revolving Advances shall be evidenced by one or more secured promissory notes (collectively, the Revolving Credit Note substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing or otherwise in this Agreement, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Swing Loans and the Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an amount equal to (I) at all times (other than during a Borrowing Base Period), the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (II) during a Borrowing Base Period, the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (ii) the Formula Amount. 
 
 (b) Sublimits for Revolving Advances . 

(i) During a Borrowing Base Period, Revolving Advances made to Borrowers against Eligible Inventory shall not exceed in the aggregate, at any time outstanding, the lesser of (i) 50 of the Formula Amount and (ii) 5,000,000. 

55 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(ii) During a Borrowing Base Period, Revolving Advances made to Borrowers against Eligible Machinery and Equipment shall not exceed in the aggregate, at any time outstanding, the lesser of (i) 25 of the Formula Amount and (ii) 3,500,000. 

2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances . 

(a) Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower may notify Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on a Business Day of a Borrower s request to incur, on that day, a Revolving Advance hereunder. Should any amount required to be paid as interest hereunder, or as fees or other charges under this Agreement or any other agreement with Agent or Lenders, or with respect to any other Obligation under this Agreement, become due, the same shall be deemed a request for a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan as of the date such payment is due, in the amount required to pay in full such interest, fee, charge or Obligation, and such request shall be irrevocable. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) above, in the event any Borrower desires to obtain a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan for any Advance (other than a Swing Loan), Borrowing Agent shall give Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan is to be borrowed, specifying (i) the date of the proposed borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the type of borrowing and the amount of such Advance to be borrowed, which amount shall be in a minimum amount of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 100,000 thereafter, and (iii) the duration of the first Interest Period therefor. Interest Periods for LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be for one, two or three , or six months; provided that, if an Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, it shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month in which case the Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. No LIBOR Any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders, no Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made available to any Borrower during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default . After giving effect to each requested LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, including those which are converted from a Domestic Rate Loan under Section 2.2(e), there shall not be outstanding more than eight (8) LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans, in the aggregate at any time . 

(c) Each Interest Period of a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan shall commence on the date such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan is made and shall end on such date as Borrowing Agent may elect as set forth in subsection (b)(iii) above, provided that the exact length of each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practice of the interbank market for offshore Dollar deposits and no Interest Period shall end after the last day of the Term. 

(d) Borrowing Agent shall elect the initial Interest Period applicable to a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan by its notice of borrowing given to Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(b) or by its notice of conversion given to Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(e), as the case may be. Borrowing 

56 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

57 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Agent shall elect the duration of each succeeding Interest Period by giving irrevocable written notice to Agent of such duration not later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan. If Agent does not receive timely notice of the Interest Period elected by Borrowing Agent, Borrowing Agent shall be deemed to have elected to convert such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan as of the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan subject to Section 2.2(e) below. 
 
 (e) Provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrowing Agent may, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to any outstanding LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, or on any Business Day with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, convert any such loan into a loan of another type in the same aggregate principal amount provided that any conversion of a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made only on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan. If Borrowing Agent desires to convert a loan, Borrowing Agent shall give Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (i) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur with respect to a conversion from a Domestic Rate Loan to a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, or (ii) on the day which is one (1) Business Day prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur (which date shall be the last Business Day of the Interest Period for the applicable LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan) with respect to a conversion from a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan, specifying, in each case, the date of such conversion, the loans to be converted and if the conversion is to a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, the duration of the first Interest Period therefor. In the case of the renewal of a Term SOFR Rate Loan at the end of an Interest Period, the first day of the new Interest Period shall be the last day of the preceding Interest Period, without duplication in payment of interest for such day. 

(f) At its option and upon written notice given prior to 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment, any Borrower may, subject to Section 2.2(g) hereof, prepay the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans in whole at any time or in part from time to time with accrued interest on the principal being prepaid to the date of such repayment. Such Borrower shall specify the date of prepayment of Advances which are LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans and the amount of such prepayment. In the event that any prepayment of a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan is required or permitted on a date other than the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto, such Borrower shall indemnify Agent and Lenders therefor in accordance with Section 2.2(g) hereof. 

(g) Each Borrower shall indemnify Agent and Lenders and hold Agent and Lenders harmless from and against any and all losses or expenses that Agent and Lenders may sustain or incur as a consequence of any prepayment, conversion of or any default by any Borrower in the payment of the principal of or interest on any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan or failure by any Borrower to complete a borrowing of, a prepayment of or conversion of or to a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan after notice thereof has been given, including, but not limited to, any interest payable by Agent or Lenders to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain its LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans hereunder. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the 

58 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

foregoing sentence submitted by Agent or any Lender to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (h) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any Applicable Law, treaty, regulation or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, including without limitation any Change in Law, shall make it unlawful for Lenders or any Lender (for purposes of this subsection (h), the term Lender shall include any Lender and the office or branch where any Lender or any Person controlling such Lender makes or maintains any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans) to make or maintain its LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans, the obligation of Lenders (or such affected Lender) to make LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans hereunder shall forthwith be cancelled and Borrowers shall, if any affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans are then outstanding, promptly upon request from Agent, either pay all such affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans or convert such affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans into Domestic Rate Loans of another type . If any such payment or conversion of any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan is made on a day that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, Borrowers shall pay Agent, upon Agent s request, such amount or amounts set forth in clause (g) above. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence submitted by Lenders to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(i) Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither Agent nor any Lender, nor any of their participants, is required to actually acquire Term SOFR deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues based on the Term SOFR Rate. The provisions set forth herein shall apply as if each Lender or its participants had match funded any Obligation as to which interest is accruing based on the Term SOFR Rate by acquiring SOFR deposits for each Interest Period in the amount of the Term SOFR Rate Loans. 

2.3. [Reserved]. 

2.4. Swing Loans. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in order to minimize the transfer of funds between Lenders and Agent for administrative convenience, Agent, Lenders holding Revolving Commitments and Swing Loan Lender agree that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement, Swing Loan Lender may, at its election and option made in its sole discretion cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever, make swing loan advances Swing Loans available to Borrowers as provided for in this Section 2.4 at any time or from time to time after the date hereof to, but not including, the expiration of the Term, in an aggregate principal amount up to but not in excess of the Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount, provided that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Swing Loans and the Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an amount equal to (I) at all times (other than during a Borrowing Base Period), the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (II) during a Borrowing Base Period, the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (ii) the Formula Amount. All Swing Loans shall be Domestic Rate Loans only. Borrowers may borrow (at the option and 

59 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

election of Swing Loan Lender), repay and re-borrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender) Swing Loans and Swing Loan Lender may make Swing Loans as provided in this Section 2.4 during the period between Settlement Dates. All Swing Loans shall be evidenced by a secured promissory note (the Swing Loan Note substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4(a). Swing Loan Lender s agreement to make Swing Loans under this Agreement is cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever and the making of Swing Loans by Swing Loan Lender from time to time shall not create any duty or obligation, or establish any course of conduct, pursuant to which Swing Loan Lender shall thereafter be obligated to make Swing Loans in the future. 
 
 (b) Upon either (i) any request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance made pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof or (ii) the occurrence of any deemed request by Borrowers for a Revolving Advance pursuant to the provisions of the last sentence of Section 2.2(a) hereof, Swing Loan Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to have such request or deemed request treated as a request for a Swing Loan, and may advance same day funds to Borrowers as a Swing Loan; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided for herein, Swing Loan Lender may not make Swing Loan Advances if Swing Loan Lender has been notified by Agent or by Required Lenders that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 of this Agreement have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason. 

(c) Upon the making of a Swing Loan (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default and regardless of whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such Swing Loan), each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from Swing Loan Lender, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Swing Loan in proportion to its Revolving Commitment Percentage. Swing Loan Lender or Agent may, at any time, require the Lenders holding Revolving Commitments to fund such participations by means of a Settlement as provided for in Section 2.6(d) below. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment is required to fund, and funds, its participation in any Swing Loans purchased hereunder, Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender its Revolving Commitment Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent in respect of such Swing Loan; provided that no Lender holding a Revolving Commitment shall be obligated in any event to make Revolving Advances in an amount in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount minus its Participation Commitment (taking into account any reallocations under Section 2.22) of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. 

2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds. All Advances shall be disbursed from whichever office or other place Agent may designate from time to time and, together with any and all other Obligations of Borrowers to Agent or Lenders, shall be charged to Borrowers Account on Agent s books. The proceeds of each Revolving Advance or Swing Loan requested by Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower or deemed to have been requested by any Borrower under Sections 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof shall, (i) with respect to requested Revolving Advances, to the extent Lenders make such Revolving Advances in accordance with Section 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof, and with respect to Swing Loans made upon any request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance to the extent Swing Loan Lender makes such Swing 

60 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(b) hereof, be made available to the applicable Borrower on the day so requested by way of credit to such Borrower s operating account at PNC, or such other bank as Borrowing Agent may designate following notification to Agent, in immediately available federal funds or other immediately available funds or, (ii) with respect to Revolving Advances deemed to have been requested by any Borrower or Swing Loans made upon any deemed request for a Revolving Advance by any Borrower, be disbursed to Agent to be applied to the outstanding Obligations giving rise to such deemed request. During the Term, Borrowers may use the Revolving Advances and Swing Loans by borrowing, prepaying and re-borrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances. 

(a) Each borrowing of Revolving Advances shall be advanced according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments (subject to any contrary terms of Section 2.22). Each borrowing of Swing Loans shall be advanced by Swing Loan Lender alone. 

(b) Promptly after receipt by Agent of a request or a deemed request for a Revolving Advance pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and, with respect to Revolving Advances, to the extent Agent elects not to provide a Swing Loan or the making of a Swing Loan would result in the aggregate amount of all outstanding Swing Loans exceeding the maximum amount permitted in Section 2.4(a), Agent shall notify Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments of its receipt of such request specifying the information provided by Borrowing Agent and the apportionment among Lenders of the requested Revolving Advance as determined by Agent in accordance with the terms hereof. Each Lender shall remit the principal amount of each Revolving Advance to Agent such that Agent is able to, and Agent shall, to the extent the applicable Lenders have made funds available to it for such purpose and subject to Section 8.2 and 8.3, fund such Revolving Advance to Borrowers in U.S. Dollars and immediately available funds at the Payment Office prior to the close of business, on the applicable borrowing date; provided that if any applicable Lender fails to remit such funds to Agent in a timely manner, Agent may elect in its sole discretion to fund with its own funds the Revolving Advance of such Lender on such borrowing date, and such Lender shall be subject to the repayment obligation in Section 2.6(c) hereof. 

(c) Unless Agent shall have been notified by telephone, confirmed in writing, by any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment that such Lender will not make the amount which would constitute its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Agent, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) assume that such Lender has made such amount available to Agent on such date in accordance with Section 2.6(b) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. Agent will promptly notify Borrowing Agent of its receipt of any such notice from a Lender. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrowers severally agree to pay to Agent on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrowers through but excluding the date of payment to Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (A) (x) the daily average Effective Federal Funds Effective Rate (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days) during such period as quoted by Agent, times (y) 

61 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

62 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

such amount or (B) a rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrower, the Revolving Interest Rate for Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Revolving Advance to Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Advance. Any payment by Borrowers shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrowers may have against a Lender holding a Revolving Commitment that shall have failed to make such payment to Agent. A certificate of Agent submitted to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error. 
 
 (d) Agent, on behalf of Swing Loan Lender, shall demand settlement (a Settlement of all or any Swing Loans with Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments on at least a weekly basis, or on any more frequent date that Agent elects or that Swing Loan Lender at its option exercisable for any reason whatsoever may request, by notifying Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments of such requested Settlement by facsimile, telephonic or electronic transmission no later than 3:00 p.m. on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date ). Subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22, each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment shall transfer the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the outstanding principal amount (plus interest accrued thereon to the extent requested by Agent) of the applicable Swing Loan with respect to which Settlement is requested by Agent, to such account of Agent as Agent may designate not later than 5:00 p.m. on such Settlement Date if requested by Agent by 3:00 p.m., otherwise not later than 5:00 p.m. on the next Business Day. Settlements may occur at any time notwithstanding that the conditions precedent to making Revolving Advances set forth in Section 8.2 have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments shall have otherwise been terminated at such time. All amounts so transferred to Agent shall be applied against the amount of outstanding Swing Loans and, when so applied shall constitute Revolving Advances of such Lenders accruing interest as Domestic Rate Loans. If any such amount is not transferred to Agent by any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment on such Settlement Date, Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon as specified in Section 2.6(c). 

(e) If any Lender or Participant (a Benefited Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Advances, or interest thereon, or receive any Collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by set-off) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and Collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Advances, or interest thereon, and such greater proportionate payment or receipt of Collateral is not expressly permitted hereunder, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participation in such portion of each such other Lender s Advances, or shall provide such other Lender with the benefits of any such Collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such Collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the other Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that each Lender so purchasing a portion of another Lender s Advances may exercise all rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Lender were the direct holder of 

63 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

64 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

such portion, and the obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral, and the obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral. 
 
 2.7. Maximum Advances . The aggregate balance of Revolving Advances plus Swing Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed (I) at all times (other than during a Borrowing Base Period), the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (II) during a Borrowing Base Period, the lesser of (a) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit or (b) the Formula Amount. 

2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances. 

(a) The Revolving Advances and Swing Loans shall be due and payable in full on the last day of the Term subject to earlier prepayment as herein provided.	Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Advances shall be subject to earlier repayment upon (x) acceleration upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement or (y) termination of this Agreement. Each payment (including each prepayment) by any Borrower on account of the principal of and interest on the Advances shall be applied, first to the outstanding Swing Loans and next, pro rata according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders, to the outstanding Revolving Advances (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22). 

(b) Each Borrower recognizes that the amounts evidenced by checks, notes, drafts or any other items of payment relating to and/or proceeds of Collateral may not be collectible by Agent on the date received by Agent. Agent shall conditionally credit Borrowers Account for each item of payment on the next Business Day after the Business Day on which such item of payment is received by Agent (and the Business Day on which each such item of payment is so credited shall be referred to, with respect to such item, as the Application Date ). Agent is not, however, required to credit Borrowers Account for the amount of any item of payment which is unsatisfactory to Agent and Agent may charge Borrowers Account for the amount of any item of payment which is returned, for any reason whatsoever, to Agent unpaid. Subject to the foregoing, Borrowers agree that for purposes of computing the interest charges under this Agreement, each item of payment received by Agent shall be deemed applied by Agent on account of the Obligations on its respective Application Date. 

(c) All payments of principal, interest and other amounts payable hereunder, or under any of the Other Documents shall be made to Agent at the Payment Office not later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on the due date therefor in Dollars in federal funds or other funds immediately available to Agent. Agent shall have the right to effectuate payment of any and all Obligations due and owing hereunder by charging Borrowers Account or by making Advances as provided in Section 2.2 hereof. 

(d) Except as expressly provided herein, all payments (including prepayments) to be made by any Borrower on account of principal, interest, fees and other amounts payable hereunder shall be made without deduction, setoff or counterclaim and shall be made to Agent on behalf of 

65 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

66 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Lenders to the Payment Office, in each case on or prior to 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time , in Dollars and in immediately available funds. 
 
 2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances . If at any time the aggregate balance of outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans, and/or Advances taken as a whole exceeds the maximum amount of such type of Advances and/or Advances taken as a whole (as applicable) permitted hereunder, such excess Advances shall be immediately due and payable without the necessity of any demand, at the Payment Office, whether or not a Default or an Event of Default has occurred. 

2.10. Statement of Account . Agent shall maintain, in accordance with its customary procedures, a loan account Borrowers Account in the name of Borrowers in which shall be recorded the date and amount of each Advance made by Agent or Lenders and the date and amount of each payment in respect thereof; provided, however, the failure by Agent to record the date and amount of any Advance shall not adversely affect Agent or any Lender. Each month, Agent shall send to Borrowing Agent a statement showing the accounting for the Advances made, payments made or credited in respect thereof, and other transactions between Agent, Lenders and Borrowers during such month. The monthly statements shall be deemed correct and binding upon Borrowers in the absence of manifest error and shall constitute an account stated between Lenders and Borrowers unless Agent receives a written statement of Borrowers specific exceptions thereto within thirty (30) days after such statement is received by Borrowing Agent. The records of Agent with respect to Borrowers Account shall be conclusive evidence absent manifest error of the amounts of Advances and other charges thereto and of payments applicable thereto. 

2.11. Letters of Credit . 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Issuer shall issue or cause the issuance of standby letters of credit denominated in Dollars Letters of Credit for the account of any Borrower except to the extent that the issuance thereof would then cause the sum of (i) the outstanding Revolving Advances plus (ii) the outstanding Swing Loans, plus (iii) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (iv) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued to exceed (I) at all times (other than during a Borrowing Base Period), the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount and (II) during a Borrowing Base Period, the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or (y) the Formula Amount (calculated without giving effect to the deductions provided for in Section 2.1(a)(y)((iii)). The Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not exceed in the aggregate at any time the Letter of Credit Sublimit. All disbursements or payments related to Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Domestic Rate Loans consisting of Revolving Advances and shall bear interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans. Letters of Credit that have not been drawn upon shall not bear interest (but fees shall accrue in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit as provided in Section 3.2 hereof). 

(b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Body or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain Issuer from issuing any Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the 

67 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

force of law) from any Governmental Body with jurisdiction over Issuer shall prohibit, or request that Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the date of this Agreement, or shall impose upon Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the date of this Agreement, and which Issuer in good faith deems material to it, or (ii) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 
 2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit. 

(a) Borrowing Agent, on behalf of any Borrower, may request Issuer to issue or cause the issuance of a Letter of Credit by delivering to Issuer, with a copy to Agent at the Payment Office, prior to 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time , at least five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance, such Issuer s form of Letter of Credit Application (the Letter of Credit Application completed to the satisfaction of Agent and Issuer; and, such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as Agent or Issuer may reasonably request. Issuer shall not issue any requested Letter of Credit if such Issuer has received notice from Agent or any Lender that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 of this Agreement have not been satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason. 

(b) Each Letter of Credit shall, among other things, (i) provide for the payment of sight drafts, or other written demands for payment, and (ii) have an expiry date not later than twelve 

(12) months after such Letter of Credit s date of issuance and in no event later than the last day of the Term. Each standby Letter of Credit shall be subject either to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time a Letter of Credit is issued (the UCP or the International Standby Practices (International Chamber of Commerce Publication Number 590), or any subsequent revision thereof at the time a standby Letter of Credit is issued, as determined by Issuer, and each trade Letter of Credit shall be subject to the UCP. 
 
 (c) Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to notify Lenders of the request by Borrowing Agent for a Letter of Credit hereunder. 

2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit . Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct any Issuer to name the applicable Borrower as the Applicant or Account Party of each Letter of Credit. If Agent is not the Issuer of any Letter of Credit, Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct Issuer to deliver to Agent all instruments, documents, and other writings and property received by Issuer pursuant to the Letter of Credit and to accept and rely upon Agent s instructions and agreements with respect to all matters arising in connection with the Letter of Credit, the application therefor. 

2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement. 

(a) Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase 

68 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

69 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

from Issuer a participation in each Letter of Credit and each drawing thereunder in an amount equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of such Letter of Credit (as in effect from time to time) and the amount of such drawing, respectively. 
 
 (b) In the event of any request for a drawing under a Letter of Credit by the beneficiary or transferee thereof, Issuer will promptly notify Agent and Borrowing Agent.	Regardless of whether Borrowing Agent shall have received such notice, Borrowers shall reimburse (such obligation to reimburse Issuer shall sometimes be referred to as a Reimbursement Obligation Issuer prior to 12:00 Noon, on each date that an amount is paid by Issuer under any Letter of Credit (each such date, a Drawing Date in an amount equal to the amount so paid by Issuer. In the event Borrowers fail to reimburse Issuer for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit by 12:00 Noon, on the Drawing Date, Issuer will promptly notify Agent and each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment thereof, and Borrowers shall be automatically deemed to have requested that a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan be made by Lenders to be disbursed on the Drawing Date under such Letter of Credit, and Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments shall be unconditionally obligated to fund such Revolving Advance (all whether or not the conditions specified in Section 8.2 are then satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason) as provided for in Section 2.14(c) immediately below. Any notice given by Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.14(b) may be oral if promptly confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such a confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 

(c) Each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.14(b) make available to Issuer through Agent at the Payment Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22) of the amount of the drawing, whereupon the participating Lenders shall (subject to Section 2.14(d)) each be deemed to have made a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in that amount. If any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment so notified fails to make available to Agent, for the benefit of Issuer, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such amount by 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on the Drawing Date, then interest shall accrue on such Lender s obligation to make such payment, from the Drawing Date to the date on which such Lender makes such payment (i) at a rate per annum equal to the Effective Federal Funds Effective Rate during the first three (3) days following the Drawing Date and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to the rate applicable to Revolving Advances maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan on and after the fourth day following the Drawing Date. Agent and Issuer will promptly give notice of the occurrence of the Drawing Date, but failure of Agent or Issuer to give any such notice on the Drawing Date or in sufficient time to enable any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment to effect such payment on such date shall not relieve such Lender from its obligations under this Section 2.14(c), provided that such Lender shall not be obligated to pay interest as provided in Section 2.14(c)(i) and (ii) until and commencing from the date of receipt of notice from Agent or Issuer of a drawing. 

(d) With respect to any unreimbursed drawing that is not converted into a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in whole or in part as contemplated by Section 2.14(b), because of Borrowers failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 8.2 

70 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

hereof (other than any notice requirements) or for any other reason, Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from Agent a borrowing (each a Letter of Credit Borrowing in the amount of such drawing. Such Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the rate per annum applicable to a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan. Each applicable Lender s payment to Agent pursuant to Section 2.14(c) shall be deemed to be a payment in respect of its participation in such Letter of Credit Borrowing and shall constitute a Participation Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its Participation Commitment in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit under this Section 2.14. 
 
 (e) Each applicable Lender s Participation Commitment in respect of the Letters of Credit shall continue until the last to occur of any of the following events: (x) Issuer ceases to be obligated to issue or cause to be issued Letters of Credit hereunder; (y) no Letter of Credit issued or created hereunder remains outstanding and uncancelled; and (z) all Persons (other than Borrowers) have been fully reimbursed for all payments made under or relating to Letters of Credit. 

2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances. 

(a) Upon (and only upon) receipt by Agent for the account of Issuer of immediately available funds from Borrowers (i) in reimbursement of any payment made by Issuer or Agent under the Letter of Credit with respect to which any Lender has made a Participation Advance to Agent, or 

(ii) in payment of interest on such a payment made by Issuer or Agent under such a Letter of Credit, Agent will pay to each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment, in the same funds as those received by Agent, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds, except Agent shall retain the amount of the Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds of any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment that did not make a Participation Advance in respect of such payment by Agent (and, to the extent that any of the other Lender(s) holding the Revolving Commitment have funded any portion such Defaulting Lender s Participation Advance in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22, Agent will pay over to such Non-Defaulting Lenders a pro rata portion of the funds so withheld from such Defaulting Lender). 
 
 (b) If Issuer or Agent is required at any time to return to any Borrower, or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, or any official in any insolvency proceeding, any portion of the payments made by Borrowers to Issuer or Agent pursuant to Section 2.15(a) in reimbursement of a payment made under the Letter of Credit or interest or fee thereon, each applicable Lender shall, on demand of Agent, forthwith return to Issuer or Agent the amount of its Revolving Commitment Percentage of any amounts so returned by Issuer or Agent plus interest at the Effective Federal Funds Effective Rate. 

2.16. Documentation . Each Borrower agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Credit Application and by Issuer s interpretations of any Letter of Credit issued on behalf of such Borrower and by Issuer s written regulations and customary practices relating to letters of credit, though Issuer s interpretations may be different from such Borrower s own. In the event of a conflict between the Letter of Credit Application and this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. It is understood and agreed that, except in the case of gross negligence or willful 

71 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment), Issuer shall not be liable for any error, negligence and/or mistakes, whether of omission or commission, in following Borrowing Agent s or any Borrower s instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments or supplements thereto. 
 
 2.17. Determination to Honor Drawing Request . In determining whether to honor any request for drawing under any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof, Issuer shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter of Credit and that any other drawing condition appearing on the face of such Letter of Credit has been satisfied in the manner so set forth. 

2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations . The obligation of each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment in accordance with this Agreement to make the Revolving Advances or Participation Advances as a result of a drawing under a Letter of Credit, and the obligations of Borrowers to reimburse Issuer upon a draw under a Letter of Credit, shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.18 under all circumstances, including the following circumstances: 

(i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender or any Borrower, as the case may be, may have against Issuer, Agent, any Borrower or Lender, as the case may be, or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; 

(ii) the failure of any Borrower or any other Person to comply, in connection with a Letter of Credit Borrowing, with the conditions set forth in this Agreement for the making of a Revolving Advance, it being acknowledged that such conditions are not required for the making of a Letter of Credit Borrowing and the obligation of Lenders to make Participation Advances under Section 2.14; 

(iii) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit; 

(iv) any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by any Borrower, Agent, Issuer or any Lender against the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, cross-claim, defense or other right which any Borrower, Agent, Issuer or any Lender may have at any time against a beneficiary, any successor beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit or assignee of the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee or assignee may be acting), Issuer, Agent or any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between any Borrower or any Subsidiaries of such Borrower and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was procured); 

(v) the lack of power or authority of any signer of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) or the form of or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of any draft, demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, or any fraud or alleged 

72 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

fraud in connection with any Letter of Credit, or the transport of any property or provision of services relating to a Letter of Credit, in each case even if Issuer or any of Issuer s Affiliates has been notified thereof; 
 
 (vi) payment by Issuer under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document which is forged or does not fully comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit (provided that the foregoing shall not excuse Issuer from any obligation under the terms of any applicable Letter of Credit to require the presentation of documents that on their face appear to satisfy any applicable requirements for drawing under such Letter of Credit prior to honoring or paying any such draw); 

(vii) the solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit; 

(viii) any failure by Issuer or any of Issuer s Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by Borrowing Agent, unless Agent and Issuer have each received written notice from Borrowing Agent of such failure within three (3) Business Days after Issuer shall have furnished Agent and Borrowing Agent a copy of such Letter of Credit and such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice; 

(ix) the occurrence of any Material Adverse Effect; 

(x) any breach of this Agreement or any Other Document by any party 

thereto; 
 
 (xi) the occurrence or continuance of an insolvency proceeding with 

respect to any Borrower or any Guarantor; 
 
 (xii) the fact that a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred 

and be continuing; 
 
 (xiii) the fact that the Term shall have expired or this Agreement or the 

obligations of Lenders to make Advances have been terminated; and 
 
 (xiv) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 

2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions. 

(a) As between Borrowers and Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, Agent and Lenders, each Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, Issuer shall not be responsible for: (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if Issuer or any of 

73 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

74 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

its Affiliates shall have been notified thereof); (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit or any other claim of any Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between or among any Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee; (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, facsimile, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher; 
 (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit; or (viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuer, including any Governmental Acts, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of Issuer s rights or powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve Issuer from liability for Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment) in connection with actions or omissions described in such clauses 
 (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall Issuer or Issuer s Affiliates be liable to any Borrower for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit. 
 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Issuer and each of its Affiliates: (i) may rely on any oral or other communication believed in good faith by Issuer or such Affiliate to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the applicant for a Letter of Credit; (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the relevant Letter of Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest paid by Issuer or its Affiliates; (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being delivered separately), and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Letter of Credit; (v) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place where such bank is located; and (vi) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on Issuer or its Affiliate in any way related to any order issued at the applicant s request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a steamship agent or carrier or any document or instrument of like import (each an Order and honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit. 

(c) In furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by Issuer under or in connection with the Letters of Credit 

75 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

76 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith and without gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment), shall not put Issuer under any resulting liability to any Borrower, Agent or any Lender. 
 
 2.20. [Reserved]. 

2.21. Use of Proceeds. 

(a) Borrowers shall apply the proceeds of Advances to (i) pay fees and expenses relating to this transaction, and (ii) provide for their working capital needs and general corporate purposes, and reimburse drawings under Letters of Credit. 

(b) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.21(a) above, neither the Borrowers, the Guarantors nor any other Person which may in the future become party to this Agreement or the Other Documents as a Borrower or Guarantor, intends to use nor shall they use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, for any purpose in violation of Applicable Law. 

2.22. Defaulting Lender. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, all rights and obligations hereunder of such Defaulting Lender and of the other parties hereto shall be modified to the extent of the express provisions of this Section 2.22 so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 

(b) except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Section 2.22, Revolving Advances shall be made pro rata from Lenders holding Revolving Commitments which are not Defaulting Lenders based on their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and no Revolving Commitment Percentage of any Lender or any pro rata share of any Revolving Advances required to be advanced by any Lender shall be increased as a result of any Lender being a Defaulting Lender .	Amounts received in respect of principal of any type of Revolving Advances shall be applied to reduce such type of Revolving Advances of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) holding a Revolving Commitment in accordance with their Revolving Commitment Percentages; provided, that, Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments received by Agent for Defaulting Lender s benefit, nor shall a Defaulting Lender be entitled to the sharing of any payments hereunder (including any principal, interest or fees). Amounts payable to a Defaulting Lender shall instead be paid to or retained by Agent. Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to a Borrower the amount of such payments received or retained by it for the account of such Defaulting Lender. 

(ii) fees pursuant to Section 3.3(b) hereof shall cease to accrue in favor of such Defaulting Lender. 

(iii) if any Swing Loans are outstanding or any Letters of Credit (or drawings under any Letter of Credit for which Issuer has not been reimbursed) are outstanding or exist at the time any such Lender holding a Revolving Commitment becomes a Defaulting Lender, then: 

77 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(A) Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans and of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders holding Revolving Commitments in proportion to the respective Revolving Commitment Percentages of such Non-Defaulting Lenders to the extent (but only to the extent) that (x) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate sum of outstanding Revolving Advances made by any such Non-Defaulting Lender holding a Revolving Commitment plus such Lender s reallocated Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans plus such Lender s reallocated Participation Commitment in the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount of any such Non-Defaulting Lender, and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time; 

(B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by Agent (x) first, prepay any outstanding Swing Loans that cannot be reallocated, and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of Issuer, Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with Section 3.2(b) for so long as such Obligations are outstanding; 

(C) if Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit pursuant to clause (B) above, Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.2(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit during the period such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit are cash collateralized; 

(D) if Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated pursuant to clause (A) above, then the fees payable to Lenders holding Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 3.2(a) shall be adjusted and reallocated to Non-Defaulting Lenders holding Revolving Commitments in accordance with such reallocation; and 

(E) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees payable under Section 3.2(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit shall be payable to the Issuer (and not to such Defaulting Lender) until (and then only to the extent that) such Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and 

(F) so long as any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment is a Defaulting Lender, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless such Issuer is 

78 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

satisfied that the related exposure and Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit and all Swing Loans (after giving effect to any such issuance, amendment, increase or funding) will be fully allocated to Non-Defaulting Lenders holding Revolving Commitments and/or cash collateral for such Letters of Credit will be provided by Borrowers in accordance with clause (A) and (B) above, and participating interests in any newly made Swing Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.22(b)(iii)(A) above (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 
 (c) A Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to give instructions to Agent or to approve, disapprove, consent to or vote on any matters relating to this Agreement and the Other Documents, and all amendments, waivers and other modifications of this Agreement and the Other Documents may be made without regard to a Defaulting Lender and, for purposes of the definition of Required Lenders , a Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to be a Lender, to have any outstanding Advances or a Revolving Commitment Percentage; provided, that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 16.2(b). 

(d) Other than as expressly set forth in this Section 2.22, the rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender (including the obligation to indemnify Agent) and the other parties hereto shall remain unchanged. Nothing in this Section 2.22 shall be deemed to release any Defaulting Lender from its obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, shall alter such obligations, shall operate as a waiver of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or shall prejudice any rights which any Borrower, Agent or any Lender may have against any Defaulting Lender as a result of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder. 

(e) In the event that Agent, Borrowers, Swing Loan Lender and Issuer agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then Agent will so notify the parties hereto, and, if such cured Defaulting Lender is a Lender holding a Revolving Commitment, then Participation Commitments of Lenders holding Revolving Commitments (including such cured Defaulting Lender) of the Swing Loans and Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Commitment, and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Advances of the other Lenders as Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Advances in accordance with its Revolving Commitment Percentage. 

(f) If Swing Loan Lender or Issuer has a good faith belief that any Lender holding a Revolving Commitment has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 

2.23. Payment of Obligations . Agent may charge to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance or, at the discretion of Swing Loan Lender, as a Swing Loan (i) all payments with 

79 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

80 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

respect to any of the Obligations required hereunder (including without limitation principal payments, payments of interest, payments of Letter of Credit Fees and all other fees provided for hereunder and payments under Sections 16.5 and 16.9) as and when each such payment shall become due and payable (whether as regularly scheduled, upon or after acceleration, upon maturity or otherwise), (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (i), (a) all amounts expended by Agent or any Lender pursuant to Sections 4.2 or 4.3 hereof and (b) all expenses which Agent incurs in connection with the forwarding of Advance proceeds and the establishment and maintenance of any deposit accounts as provided for under this Agreement, and (iii) any sums expended by Agent or any Lender due to any Borrower s failure to perform or comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any Other Document including any Borrower s obligations under Sections 3.3, 3.4, 4.4, 4.7, 6.4, 6.6, 6.7 and 6.8 hereof, and all amounts so charged shall be added to the Obligations and shall be secured by the Collateral. To the extent Revolving Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders in respect of any such amounts so charged, all such amounts so charged shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. 
 
 III. INTEREST AND FEES. 

3.1. 	Interest . Interest on Advances shall be payable in arrears on the first day of each month with respect to Domestic Rate Loans and, with respect to LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans, at (a) the end of each Interest Period, and (b) for LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans with an Interest Period in excess of three months, at the end of each three month period during such Interest Period, provided further that all accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable at the end of the Term. Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal amount of Advances outstanding during the month at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to Revolving Advances, the applicable Revolving Interest Rate and (ii) with respect to Swing Loans, the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans (as applicable, the Contract Rate ). Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Obligations other than the Advances that are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, subject to the provision of the final sentence of this Section 3.1 regarding the Default Rate. Whenever, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Alternate Base Rate is increased or decreased, the applicable Contract Rate shall be similarly changed without notice or demand of any kind by an amount equal to the amount of such change in the Alternate Base Rate during the time such change or changes remain in effect.	The LIBOR Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans without notice or demand of any kind on the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), (i) the Obligations other than LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Rate for Domestic Rate Loans plus two percent (2 per annum and (ii) LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Revolving Interest Rate for LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans plus two percent 2.00 2 per annum (as applicable, the Default Rate ). 

81 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

82 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

3.2. Letter of Credit Fees. 

(a) Borrowers shall pay (x) to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders holding Revolving Commitments, fees for each Letter of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of same to and including the date of expiration or termination, equal to the average daily face amount of each outstanding Letter of Credit multiplied by the Applicable Margin and SOFR Adjustment for Revolving Advances consisting of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans, such fees to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed and to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term, and (y) to Issuer, a fronting fee of one quarter of one percent (0.25 per annum times the average daily face amount of each outstanding Letter of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of same to and including the date of expiration or termination, to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term. (all of the foregoing fees, the Letter of Credit Fees ). In addition, Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the benefit of Issuer, any and all administrative, issuance, amendment, payment and negotiation charges with respect to Letters of Credit and all fees and expenses as agreed upon by Issuer and the Borrowing Agent in connection with any Letter of Credit, including in connection with the opening, amendment or renewal of any such Letter of Credit and any acceptances created thereunder, all such charges, fees and expenses, if any, to be payable on demand. All such charges shall be deemed earned in full on the date when the same are due and payable hereunder and shall not be subject to rebate or pro-ration upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason. Any such charge in effect at the time of a particular transaction shall be the charge for that transaction, notwithstanding any subsequent change in Issuer s prevailing charges for that type of transaction.	Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Letter of Credit Fees described in clause (x) of this Section 3.2(a) shall be increased by an additional two percent (2.0 per annum. 

(b) At any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of such Event of Default, without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), or upon the expiration of the Term or any other termination of this Agreement, Borrowers will cause cash to be deposited and maintained in an account with Agent, as cash collateral, in an amount equal to one hundred and five percent (105 of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, and each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent, in its discretion, on such Borrower s behalf and in such Borrower s name, to open such an account and to make and maintain deposits therein, or in an account opened by such Borrower, in the amounts required to be made by such Borrower, out of the proceeds of Receivables or other Collateral or out of any other funds of such Borrower coming into any Lender s possession at any time. Agent may, in its discretion, invest such cash collateral (less applicable reserves) in such short-term money-market items as to which Agent and such Borrower mutually agree (or, in the absence of such agreement, as Agent may reasonably select) and the net return on such investments shall be credited to such account and constitute additional cash collateral, or Agent may (notwithstanding the foregoing) establish the account provided for under this Section 3.2(b) as a non-interest bearing account and in such case 

83 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

84 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Agent shall have no obligation (and Borrowers hereby waive any claim) under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code or under any other Applicable Law to pay interest on such cash collateral being held by Agent. No Borrower may withdraw amounts credited to any such account except upon the occurrence of all of the following: (x) payment and performance in full of all Obligations; (y) expiration of all Letters of Credit; and (z) termination of this Agreement. Borrowers hereby assign, pledge and grant to Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of Issuer, Lenders and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on any such cash collateral and any right, title and interest of Borrowers in any deposit account, securities account or investment account into which such cash collateral may be deposited from time to time to secure the Obligations, specifically including all Obligations with respect to any Letters of Credit. Borrowers agree that upon the coming due of any Reimbursement Obligations (or any other Obligations, including Obligations for Letter of Credit Fees) with respect to the Letters of Credit, Agent may use such cash collateral to pay and satisfy such Obligations. 
 
 3.3. Closing Fee and Facility Fee. 

(a) Upon the execution of this Agreement, Borrowers shall pay to Agent for Agent s sole benefit and account a closing fee of 40,500.00 which is fully earned and non-refundable as of the Closing Date less that portion of the deposit heretofore paid by Borrowers to Agent, remaining after application of such fees to out of pocket costs and expenses. 

(b) If, for any calendar quarter during the Term, the average daily unpaid balance of the sum of Revolving Advances plus Swing Loans plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for each day of such calendar quarter does not equal the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, then Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments based on their Revolving Commitment Percentages, a fee at a rate equal to one-tenth of one percent (0.10 per annum on the amount by which the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount exceeds such average daily unpaid balance (the Facility Fee ). Such Facility Fee shall be payable to Agent in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter with respect to the previous calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term with respect to the period ending on the last day of the Term. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

3.4. Collateral Evaluation Fee. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) Subject to Section 4.6, Borrowers shall pay to Agent promptly at the conclusion of any collateral evaluation performed by or for the benefit of Agent - namely any field examination, collateral analysis or other business analysis, the need for which is to be reasonably determined by Agent and which evaluation is undertaken by Agent or for Agent s benefit - a collateral evaluation fee in an amount customarily charged by Agent to its customers, plus all costs and disbursements incurred by Agent in the performance of such examination or analysis, and further provided that if third parties are retained to perform such collateral evaluations, either at the request of another Lender or for extenuating reasons determined by Agent in its reasonable discretion, then such fees charged by such third parties plus all costs and disbursements incurred 

85 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

86 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

by such third party, shall be the responsibility of Borrower and shall not be subject to the foregoing limits, provided that, absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Borrowers shall not be required to pay for more than one (1) collateral evaluation in any calendar year. 
 
 3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees . Interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and for the actual number of days elapsed. If any payment to be made hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the applicable Contract Rate during such extension. 

3.6. Maximum Charges . In no event whatsoever shall interest and other charges charged hereunder exceed the highest rate permissible under Applicable Law. In the event interest and other charges as computed hereunder would otherwise exceed the highest rate permitted under Applicable Law: (i) the interest rates hereunder will be reduced to the maximum rate permitted under Applicable Law; (ii) such excess amount shall be first applied to any unpaid principal balance owed by Borrowers; and (iii) if the then remaining excess amount is greater than the previously unpaid principal balance, Lenders shall promptly refund such excess amount to Borrowers and the provisions hereof shall be deemed amended to provide for such permissible rate. 

3.7. Increased Costs. In the event that any Applicable Law or any Change in Law or compliance by any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.7, the term Lender shall include Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Issuer or Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer and the office or branch where Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer (as so defined) makes or maintains any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other financial, monetary or other authority, shall: 

(a) subject Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, or change the basis of taxation of payments to Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 3.10 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or the Issuer); 

(b) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, any office of Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender, including pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; or 

(c) impose on Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer or the London interbank LIBOR market any other condition, loss or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Other Document or any Advance made by any Lender, or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

87 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer of making, converting to, continuing, renewing or maintaining its Advances hereunder by an amount that Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer deems to be material or to reduce the amount of any payment (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any of the Advances by an amount that Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer deems to be material, then, in any case Borrowers shall promptly pay Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer, upon its demand, such additional amount as will compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer for such additional cost or such reduction, as the case may be, provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to increased costs which are reflected in the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate, as the case may be and (ii) Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuer pursuant to this Section 3.7 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrowing Agent of the event giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the event giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer shall document, certify and provide evidence of the amount of such additional cost or reduced amount to Borrowing Agent, and such certification shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3.7, no Lender or Issuer shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.7, and the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate any such Lender or Issuer, if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, to demand such compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements to which it is a party in amounts that are substantially similar, on a pro rata basis based upon the loan amount under such other credit agreements, to the compensation amounts paid by borrowers under such other credit agreements. 
 
 3.8. 		Alternate Rate of Interest . 

3.7.1. Basis For Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair . In the event that Agent or any Lender shall have determined that: 
 
 (a) reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate applicable pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof for any Interest Period; or 

(b) Dollar deposits in the relevant amount and for the relevant maturity are not available in the London interbank LIBOR market , with respect to an outstanding LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, a proposed LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, or a proposed conversion of a Domestic Rate Loan into a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan; or 

(c) the making, maintenance or funding of any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan has been made impracticable or unlawful by compliance by Agent or such Lender in good faith with any Applicable Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body or with 

88 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

any request or directive of any such Governmental Body (whether or not having the force of law), or 
 
 (d) the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lender of the funding, establishment or maintenance of any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan , during the applicable Interest period, and Lenders have provided notice of such determination to Agent, 

then Agent shall give Borrowing Agent prompt written or telephonic notice of such determination. If such notice is given prior to a Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below), (i) any such requested LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made as a Domestic Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed borrowing, that its request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, (ii) any Domestic Rate Loan or LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan which was to have been converted to an affected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be continued as or converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed conversion, shall be maintained as an unaffected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, and (iii) any outstanding affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time two (2) Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, shall be converted into an unaffected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period for such affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans (or sooner, if any Lender cannot continue to lawfully maintain such affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan). Until such notice has been withdrawn, Lenders shall have no obligation to make an affected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan or maintain outstanding affected LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans and no Borrower shall have the right to convert a Domestic Rate Loan or an unaffected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan into an affected type of LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loan. 
 
 3.8.2. Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document (and any agreement executed in connection with an Interest Rate Hedge shall be deemed not to be an Other Document solely for purposes of this Section 3.8.2 titled Benchmark Replacement Setting ), if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then x A if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1 or (2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document and y B if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 3 2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any 

89 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

90 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Other Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any the Other Document Documents , any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document. 

(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Agent will promptly notify Borrowing Agent the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and iii ii the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent will notify the Borrower of , iv x the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (d) below and v y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.8.2 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8.2 . 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any of the Other Document Documents , at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including or based on a term SOFR or USD LIBOR) rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for of such Benchmark is not or will be no longer not be representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will no longer not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest 

91 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon Borrowing Agent s the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, Borrowing Agent with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for an Advance bearing interest based on USD LIBOR, such rate, or conversion to or continuation of Advances bearing interest based on USD LIBOR such rate to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, Borrowing Agent the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for an Advance of a Domestic Rate Loan or conversion to Advances bearing interest under the Alternate Base a Domestic Rate Loan . During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 

(f) Secondary Term SOFR Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Other Document in respect of such Benchmark setting (the Secondary Term SOFR Conversion Date and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document; and 

(ii) Advances outstanding on the Secondary Term SOFR Conversion Date bearing interest based on the then-current Benchmark shall be deemed to have been converted to Advances bearing interest at the Benchmark Replacement with a tenor approximately the same length as the interest payment period of the then-current Benchmark; provided that, this paragraph (f) shall not be effective unless Agent has delivered to the Lenders and Borrowing Agent a Term SOFR Notice. 
 
 g f Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 3.8.2 : 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable , (x) if the then current if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for of such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting , or (y) if the then current Benchmark is not a term rate nor based on a term rate, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Available Tenor for the Daily LIBOR Rate is one month. . 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, USD LIBOR SOFR and the Term SOFR Reference Rate ; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have has 

92 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

occurred with respect to USD LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event , the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of : (A) Term Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement SOFR Adjustment for a 1-month Interest Period ; or 

(2) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 

(32) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and Borrowing Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor the Borrowers, giving due consideration to i x any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or ii y any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided, further, that, with respect to a Term SOFR Transition Event, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date, the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be determined as set forth in clause (1) of this definition. if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause 1), 2 or (3 above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the Other Documents ; provided further that any Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Agent in its sole discretion . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any	replacement	of	the	then-current	Benchmark	with	an 

93 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: 
 (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement , the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by Agent: 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Available Tenor that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; 

(b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Available Tenor that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and 

(2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment adjustments , (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and Borrowing Agent for the applicable Corresponding Tenor the Borrowers giving due consideration to i A any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or ii B any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities ; at such time. 
 provided that, (x) in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion and (y) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, more than one tenor of such Benchmark is available as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will not be a term rate, the Available Tenor of such Benchmark for purposes of this definition of Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall be deemed to be the Available Tenor that has approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustments) as the payment period for interest 

94 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

calculated with reference to such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate , the definition of Business Day , the definition of Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the date determined by the Agent, which date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein ; . 

(3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is set forth in the Term SOFR Notice provided to the Lenders and Borrowing Agent pursuant to this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting , which date shall be at least 30 days from the date of the Term SOFR Notice; or 

(4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as Agent has not received, by 5:00 

p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the 

95 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or 
 (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by an Official a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or an Official a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Agent announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark 

96 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in accordance with this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in accordance with this Section 3.8.2. titled Benchmark Replacement Setting. 
 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided, that if Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for Agent, then Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Early Opt-in Event means, if the then-current Benchmark is USD LIBOR, the occurrence of: 
 (1) a notification by Agent to (or the request by Borrowing Agent to Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 

(2) the joint election by Agent and Borrowing Agent to trigger a fallback from USD LIBOR and the provision by Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to USD LIBOR the Term SOFR Rate, or, if no floor is specified, zero. 
 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 

97 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Official Body means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 
 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 

98 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Term SOFR Notice means a notification by Agent to the Lenders and Borrowing Agent of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, and is determinable for each Available Tenor, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting that is not Term SOFR. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 USD LIBOR means the London interbank offered rate for U.S. Dollars. 
 3.9. Capital Adequacy. 

(a) In the event that Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender shall have determined that any Applicable Law or guideline regarding capital adequacy, or any Change in Law or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Body, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.9, the term Lender shall include Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender and the office or branch where Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender (as so defined) makes or maintains any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder (including the making of any Swing Loans) to a level below that which Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration Agent s, Swing Loan Lender s and each Lender s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender to be material, then, from time to time, Borrowers shall pay upon demand to Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender for such reduction, provided that Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 3.9 for any reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrowing Agent of the event giving rise to such reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the event giving rise to such reductions is retroactive, then the 180 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). In determining such amount or amounts, Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging or attribution methods. The protection of this Section 3.9 shall be available to Agent, Swing Loan Lender and each Lender regardless of any possible contention of invalidity or inapplicability with respect to the Applicable Law, rule, regulation, guideline or condition. 

99 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(b) Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender will provide documentation, certification and evidence setting forth such amount or amounts as shall be necessary to compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender with respect to Section 3.9(a) hereof, which when delivered to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3.9, no Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.9, and the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate any such Lender, if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender to demand such compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements to which it is a party in amounts that are substantially similar, on a pro rata basis based upon the loan amount under such other credit agreements, to the compensation amounts paid by borrowers under such other credit agreements. 

3.10. Taxes . 

(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligations hereunder or under any Other Document shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if Borrowers shall be required by Applicable Law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from such payments, then 

(i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Lender, Issuer or Participant, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) Borrowers shall make such deductions and (iii) Borrowers shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law. 
 
 (b) Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.10(a) above, Borrowers shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law. 

(c) Each Borrower shall indemnify Agent, Swing Loan Lender, each Lender, Issuer and any Participant, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Issuer, or such Participant, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrowers by any Lender, Swing Loan Lender, Participant, or Issuer (with a copy to Agent), or by Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of Swing Loan Lender, a Lender or Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by any Borrower to a Governmental Body, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

100 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which any Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or under any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any Other Document shall deliver to Borrowers (with a copy to Agent), at the time or times prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by Borrowers or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by Applicable Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. Notwithstanding the submission of such documentation claiming a reduced rate of or exemption from U.S. withholding tax, Agent shall be entitled to withhold United States federal income taxes at the full 30 withholding rate if in its reasonable judgment it is required to do so under the due diligence requirements imposed upon a withholding agent under 1.1441-7(b) of the United States Income Tax Regulations or other Applicable Law. Further, Agent is indemnified under 1.1461-1(e) of the United States Income Tax Regulations against any claims and demands of any Lender, Issuer or assignee or participant of a Lender or Issuer for the amount of any tax it deducts and withholds in accordance with regulations under 1441 of the Code. In addition, any Lender, if requested by Borrowers or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or Agent as will enable Borrowers or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States of America, any Foreign Lender (or other Lender) shall deliver to Borrowers and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender (or other Lender) becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of Borrowers or Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender (or other Lender) is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(i) two (2) duly completed valid originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party, 

(ii) two (2) duly completed valid originals of IRS Form W-8ECI, 

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of Borrowers within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) two duly completed valid originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, 

(iv) any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrowers to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made, or 

101 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(v) To the extent that any Lender is not a Foreign Lender, such Lender shall submit to Agent two (2) originals of an IRS Form W-9 or any other form prescribed by Applicable Law demonstrating that such Lender is not a Foreign Lender. 

(f) If a payment made to a Lender, Swing Loan Lender, Participant, Issuer, or Agent under this Agreement or any Other Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Person fails to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender, Swing Loan Lender, Participant, Issuer, or Agent shall deliver to the Agent (in the case of Swing Loan Lender, a Lender, Participant or Issuer) and Borrowers (A) a certification signed by the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person, and (B) other documentation reasonably requested by Agent or any Borrower sufficient for Agent and Borrowers to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Participant, Issuer, or Agent has complied with such applicable reporting requirements. 

3.11. Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender (an Affected Lender (a) makes demand upon Borrowers for (or if Borrowers are otherwise required to pay) amounts pursuant to Section 3.7 or 

3.9 hereof, (b) is unable to make or maintain LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Loans as a result of a condition described in Section 2.2(h) hereof, (c) is a Defaulting Lender, or (d) denies any consent requested by the Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, Borrowers may, within ninety (90) days of receipt of such demand, notice (or the occurrence of such other event causing Borrowers to be required to pay such compensation or causing Section 2.2(h) hereof to be applicable), or such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender or denial of a request by Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, as the case may be, by notice in writing to the Agent and such Affected Lender (i) request the Affected Lender to cooperate with Borrowers in obtaining a replacement Lender satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers (the Replacement Lender ); (ii) request the non-Affected Lenders to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, as provided herein, but none of such Lenders shall be under any obligation to do so; or (iii) propose a Replacement Lender subject to approval by Agent in its good faith business judgment. If any satisfactory Replacement Lender shall be obtained, and/or if any one or more of the non-Affected Lenders shall agree to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, then such Affected Lender shall assign, in accordance with Section 16.3 hereof, all of its Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, and other rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents to such Replacement Lender or non-Affected Lenders, as the case may be, in exchange for payment of the principal amount so assigned and all interest and fees accrued on the amount so assigned, plus all other Obligations then due and payable to the Affected Lender. 
 
 IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS 

4.1. Security Interest in the Collateral . To secure the prompt payment and performance to Agent, Issuer and each Lender (and each other holder of any Obligations) of the Obligations, each Borrower hereby assigns, pledges and grants to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of each Lender, Issuer and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on all of its Collateral, whether now owned or existing or hereafter created, acquired or arising and wheresoever located. Each Borrower shall mark its books and records as may be 

102 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

103 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

necessary or appropriate to evidence, protect and perfect Agent s security interest and shall cause its financial statements to reflect such security interest. Each Borrower shall provide Agent with written notice of all commercial tort claims claiming damages in excess of 1,000,000 promptly upon the occurrence of any events giving rise to any such claim(s) (regardless of whether legal proceedings have yet been commenced), such notice to contain a brief description of the claim(s), the events out of which such claim(s) arose and the parties against which such claims may be asserted and, if applicable in any case where legal proceedings regarding such claim(s) have been commenced, the case title together with the applicable court and docket number. Upon delivery of each such notice, such Borrower shall be deemed to thereby grant to Agent a security interest and lien in and to such commercial tort claims described therein and all proceeds thereof. Each Borrower shall provide Agent with written notice promptly upon becoming the beneficiary under any letter of credit or otherwise obtaining any right, title or interest in any letter of credit rights, and at Agent s request shall take such actions as Agent may reasonably request for the perfection of Agent s security interest therein. 
 
 4.2. Perfection of Security Interest . Each Borrower shall take all action that Agent requests, so as at all times to maintain the validity, perfection, enforceability and priority of Agent s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral or to enable Agent to protect, exercise or enforce its rights hereunder and in the Collateral, including, but not limited to, (i) immediately discharging all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances, (ii) obtaining Lien Waiver Agreements, (iii) delivering to Agent, endorsed or accompanied by such instruments of assignment as Agent may specify, and stamping or marking, in such manner as Agent may specify, any and all chattel paper, instruments, letters of credits and advices thereof and documents evidencing or forming a part of the Collateral, (iv) entering into warehousing, lockbox, customs and freight agreements and other custodial arrangements satisfactory to Agent, and (v) executing and delivering financing statements, control agreements, instruments of pledge, mortgages, notices and assignments, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, relating to the creation, validity, perfection, maintenance or continuation of Agent s security interest and Lien under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Applicable Law. By its signature hereto, each Borrower hereby authorizes Agent to file against such Borrower, one or more financing, continuation or amendment statements pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code in form and substance satisfactory to Agent (which statements may have a description of collateral which is broader than that set forth herein, including without limitation a description of Collateral as all assets and/or all personal property of any Borrower). All reasonable charges, expenses and fees Agent may incur in doing any of the foregoing, and any local taxes relating thereto, shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance of a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations, or, at Agent s option, shall be paid by Borrowers to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders immediately upon demand. 

4.3. Preservation of Collateral . Following the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, in addition to the rights and remedies set forth in Section 11.1 hereof, Agent: (a) may at any time take such steps as Agent deems necessary to protect Agent s interest in and to preserve the Collateral, including the hiring of security guards or the placing of other security protection measures as Agent may deem appropriate; (b) may employ and maintain at any of any Borrower s premises a custodian who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral; (c) may lease warehouse facilities to which Agent may move all or part of the Collateral; (d) may use any Borrower s owned or leased lifts, hoists, trucks and 

104 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

105 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

other facilities or equipment for handling or removing the Collateral; and (e) shall have, and is hereby granted, a right of ingress and egress to the places where the Collateral is located, and may proceed over and through any of Borrowers owned or leased property. Each Borrower shall cooperate fully with all of Agent s efforts to preserve the Collateral and will take such reasonable actions to preserve the Collateral as Agent may direct. All of Agent s expenses of preserving the Collateral under this Section 4.3, including any expenses relating to the bonding of a custodian, shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations. 
 
 4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral. 

(a) With respect to the Collateral, at the time the Collateral becomes subject to Agent s security interest: (i) each Borrower shall be the sole owner of and fully authorized and able to sell, transfer, pledge and/or grant a first priority security interest in each and every item of its respective Collateral to Agent; and, except for Permitted Encumbrances the Collateral shall be free and clear of all Liens whatsoever; (ii) each document and agreement executed by each Borrower or delivered to Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects; (iii) all signatures and endorsements of each Borrower that appear on such documents and agreements shall be genuine and each Borrower shall have full capacity to execute same; and (iv) each Borrower s equipment and Inventory, as of the Ninth Amendment Date, shall be located as set forth on Schedule 4.4, as such Schedule may be updated from time to time, and shall not be removed from such location(s) without the prior written consent of Agent except with respect to the sale of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business and equipment to the extent permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof. 

(b) (i) As of the Ninth Amendment Date, there is no location at which any Borrower has any Inventory (except for Inventory in transit) or other Collateral other than those locations listed on Schedule 4.4(b)(i); (ii) Schedule 4.4(b)(ii) hereto contains a correct and complete list, as of the Ninth Amendment Date, of the legal names and addresses of each warehouse at which Inventory of any Borrower is stored; none of the receipts received by any Borrower from any warehouse states that the goods covered thereby are to be delivered to bearer or to the order of a named Person or to a named Person and such named Person s assigns; (iii) Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Ninth Amendment Date of (A) each place of business of each Borrower and (B) the chief executive office of each Borrower; and (iv) Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Ninth Amendment Date of the location, by state and street address, of all Real Property owned or leased by each Borrower, identifying which properties are owned and which are leased, together with the names and addresses of any landlords. 

4.5. Defense of Agent s and Lenders Interests . Until (a) payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations and (b) termination of this Agreement, Agent s interests in the Collateral shall continue in full force and effect. During such period no Borrower shall, without Agent s prior written consent, pledge, sell (except for sales or other dispositions otherwise permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof), assign, transfer, create or suffer to exist a Lien upon or encumber or allow or suffer to be encumbered in any way except for Permitted Encumbrances, any part of the Collateral. Each Borrower shall defend Agent s interests in the Collateral against any and all Persons whatsoever. At any time following demand by Agent for payment of all Obligations, 

106 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

107 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Agent shall have the right to take possession of the indicia of the Collateral and the Collateral in whatever physical form contained, including: labels, stationery, documents, instruments and advertising materials. If Agent exercises this right to take possession of the Collateral, Borrowers shall, upon demand, assemble it in the best manner possible and make it available to Agent at a place reasonably convenient to Agent. In addition, with respect to all Collateral, Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to all of the rights and remedies set forth herein and further provided by the Uniform Commercial Code or other Applicable Law. Each Borrower shall, and Agent may, at its option, instruct all suppliers, carriers, forwarders, warehousers or others receiving or holding cash, checks, Inventory, documents or instruments in which Agent holds a security interest to deliver same to Agent and/or subject to Agent s order and if they shall come into any Borrower s possession, they, and each of them, shall be held by such Borrower in trust as Agent s trustee, and such Borrower will immediately deliver them to Agent in their original form together with any necessary endorsement. 
 
 4.6. Inspection of Premises . At all reasonable times and from time to time as often as Agent shall elect in its reasonable discretion during a Field Exam Period, Agent and each Lender shall have full access to and the right to audit, check, inspect and make abstracts and copies from each Borrower s books, records, audits, correspondence and all other papers relating to the Collateral and the operation of each Borrower s business. Agent, any Lender and their agents may enter upon any premises of any Borrower at any time during business hours and at any other reasonable time, and from time to time during a Field Exam Period as often as Agent shall elect in its reasonable discretion, for the purpose of inspecting the Collateral and any and all records pertaining thereto and the operation of such Borrower s business. 

4.7. 		[Reserved]. 

4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts. 

(a) Each of the Receivables shall be a bona fide and valid account representing a bona fide indebtedness incurred by the Customer therein named, for a fixed sum as set forth in the invoice relating thereto (provided immaterial or unintentional invoice errors shall not be deemed to be a breach hereof) with respect to an absolute sale (which may be subject to Charge-Backs) or lease and delivery of goods upon stated terms of a Borrower, or work, labor or services theretofore rendered by a Borrower as of the date each Receivable is created. Same shall be due and owing in accordance with the applicable Borrower s standard terms of sale without dispute, setoff or counterclaim except as may be stated on the accounts receivable schedules delivered by Borrowers to Agent. 

(b) Each Customer, to the best of each Borrower s knowledge, as of the date each Receivable is created, is and will be solvent and able to pay all Receivables on which the Customer is obligated in full when due. With respect to such Customers of any Borrower who are not solvent, such Borrower has set up on its books and in its financial records bad debt reserves adequate to cover such Receivables. 

(c) Each Borrower s chief executive office is located as set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii). Until written notice is given to Agent by Borrowing Agent of any other office at which any 

108 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Borrower keeps its records pertaining to Receivables, all such records shall be kept at such executive office. 
 
 (d) [Reserved]. 

(e) Effective upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to send notice of the assignment of, and Agent s security interest in and Lien on, the Receivables to any and all Customers or any third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Collateral. Thereafter, Agent shall have the sole right to collect the Receivables, take possession of the Collateral, or both. Agent s actual collection expenses, including, but not limited to, stationery and postage, telephone, facsimile, telegraph, secretarial and clerical expenses and the salaries of any collection personnel used for collection, may be charged to Borrowers Account and added to the Obligations. 

(f) Agent shall have the right to receive, endorse, assign and/or deliver in the name of Agent or any Borrower any and all checks, drafts and other instruments for the payment of money relating to the Receivables, and each Borrower hereby waives notice of presentment, protest and non-payment of any instrument so endorsed. Each Borrower hereby constitutes Agent or Agent s designee as such Borrower s attorney with power (i) at any time: (A) to endorse such Borrower s name upon any notes, acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment or Collateral; (B) to sign such Borrower s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Receivables, drafts against Customers, assignments and verifications of Receivables; (C) to send verifications of Receivables to any Customer; and (D) to sign such Borrower s name on all financing statements or any other documents or instruments deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to preserve, protect, or perfect Agent s interest in the Collateral and to file same; and (ii) at any time following the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default: (A) to demand payment of the Receivables; (B) to enforce payment of the Receivables by legal proceedings or otherwise; (C) to exercise all of such Borrower s rights and remedies with respect to the collection of the Receivables and any other Collateral; (D) to sue upon or otherwise collect, extend the time of payment of, settle, adjust, compromise, extend or renew the Receivables; (E) to settle, adjust or compromise any legal proceedings brought to collect Receivables; (F) to prepare, file and sign such Borrower s name on a proof of claim in bankruptcy or similar document against any Customer; (G) to prepare, file and sign such Borrower s name on any notice of Lien, assignment or satisfaction of Lien or similar document in connection with the Receivables; (H) to accept the return of goods represented by any of the Receivables; (I) to change the address for delivery of mail addressed to any Borrower to such address as Agent may designate; (J) to receive, open and dispose of all mail addressed to any Borrower at any post office box/lockbox maintained by Agent for Borrowers or at any other business premises of Agent (other than in connection with maintenance of a lockbox and related cash management services) and (K) to do all other acts and things necessary to carry out this Agreement. All acts of said attorney or designee are hereby ratified and approved, and said attorney or designee shall not be liable for any acts of omission or commission nor for any error of judgment or mistake of fact or of law, unless done maliciously or with gross (not mere) negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment); this power being coupled with an interest is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid. 

109 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(g) Neither Agent nor any Lender shall, under any circumstances or in any event whatsoever, have any liability for any error or omission or delay of any kind occurring in the settlement, collection or payment of any of the Receivables or any instrument received in payment thereof, or for any damage resulting therefrom, unless done with willful misconduct or gross (not mere) negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment). 

(h) Borrowers shall maintain all of their primary deposit accounts, securities accounts and investment accounts with Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers may maintain account numbers 586013031674 and 488031113038 at Bank of America; provided , however , the balance in each account shall not exceed 100,000 at any time. 

(i) No Borrower will, without Agent s consent, compromise or adjust any material amount of the Receivables (or extend the time for payment thereof) or accept any material returns of merchandise or grant any additional discounts, allowances or credits thereon except for those compromises, adjustments, returns, discounts, credits and allowances as have been heretofore customary in the Ordinary Course of Business of such Borrower. 

(j) All deposit accounts, securities accounts and investment accounts of each Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date are set forth on Schedule 4.8(j). 

4.9. Inventory . To the extent Inventory held for sale or lease has been produced by any Borrower, it has been and will be produced by such Borrower in accordance with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, and all rules, regulations and orders thereunder. 

4.10. Maintenance of Equipment . Borrowers equipment shall be maintained in good operating condition and repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and all necessary replacements of and repairs thereto shall be made so that the value and operating efficiency of the equipment shall be maintained and preserved, except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Borrower shall use or operate its equipment in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, code, rule or regulation, except to the extent that any such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.11. Exculpation of Liability . Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute Agent or any Lender as any Borrower s agent for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall Agent or any Lender be responsible or liable for any shortage, discrepancy, damage, loss or destruction of any part of the Collateral wherever the same may be located and regardless of the cause thereof. Neither Agent nor any Lender, whether by anything herein or in any assignment or otherwise, assume any of any Borrower s obligations under any contract or agreement assigned to Agent or such Lender, and neither Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible in any way for the performance by any Borrower of any of the terms and conditions thereof. 

4.12. Financing Statements . Except as respects the financing statements filed by Agent, financing statements described on Schedule 1.2, and financing statements filed in connection with Permitted Encumbrances, no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof is or will be on file in any public office. 

110 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 

Each Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 
 
 5.1. Authority . Each Borrower has full power, authority and legal right to enter into this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party and to perform all its respective Obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by each Borrower, and this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and of the Other Documents to which it is a party (a) are within such Borrower s corporate or company powers, as applicable, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or company action, as applicable, are not in contravention of law or the terms of such Borrower s Organizational Documents or to the conduct of such Borrower s business or of any Material Contract or undertaking to which such Borrower is a party or by which such Borrower is bound, (b) will not conflict with or violate any law or regulation, or any judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Body, (c) will not require the Consent of any Governmental Body, any party to a Material Contract or any other Person, except those Consents set forth on Schedule 5.1 hereto, all of which will have been duly obtained, made or compiled prior to the Closing Date and which are in full force and effect and (d) will not conflict with, nor result in any breach in any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation of any Lien except Permitted Encumbrances upon any asset of such Borrower under the provisions of any agreement, instrument, or other document to which such Borrower is a party or by which it or its property is a party or by which it may be bound. 

5.2. Formation and Qualification. 

(a) Each Borrower is duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and is qualified to do business and is in good standing in the states in which qualification and good standing are necessary for such Borrower to conduct its business and own its property and where the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such Borrower. Each Borrower has delivered to Agent true and complete copies of its Organizational Documents and will promptly notify Agent of any amendment or changes thereto. 

(b) As of the Ninth Amendment Date, the only Subsidiaries of each Borrower are listed on Schedule 5.2(b). 

5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party shall be true at the time of such Borrower s execution of this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party, and shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the parties thereto and the closing of the transactions described therein or related thereto. 

111 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

5.4. Tax Returns . Each Borrower s federal tax identification number is set forth on Schedule 

5.4. Each Borrower has filed all federal tax returns, material state and local tax returns, and other material reports each is required by law to file and has paid all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges that are due and payable except taxes that are being Properly Contested. The provision for taxes on the books of each Borrower is adequate for all years not closed by applicable statutes, and for its current fiscal year, and no Borrower has any knowledge of any deficiency or additional assessment in connection therewith not provided for on its books. 
 
 5.5. Financial Statements. 

(a) The pro forma balance sheet of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis (the Pro Forma Balance Sheet furnished to Agent on the Closing Date reflects the consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement (collectively, the Transactions and is accurate, complete and correct and fairly reflects the financial condition of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions, and has been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. The Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been certified as accurate, complete and correct in all material respects by the President and Chief Financial Officer of Borrowing Agent. All financial statements referred to in this subsection 5.5(a), including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be disclosed in such financial statements. 

(b) The twelve-month cash flow and balance sheet projections of Borrowers on a Consolidated Basis, copies of which are annexed hereto as Exhibit 5.5(b) (the Projections and delivered as of the Closing Date were prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of Vital Farms, are based on underlying assumptions as of the Closing Date which provide a reasonable basis for the projections contained therein and reflect Borrowers judgment based on present circumstances of the most likely set of conditions and course of action for the projected period. The cash flow Projections together with the Pro Forma Balance Sheet are referred to as the Pro Forma Financial Statements . 

(c) The consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Borrowers, and such other Persons described therein, as of December 31, 2016, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder s equity, and changes in cash flow for the period ended on such date, all accompanied by reports thereon containing opinions without qualification by independent certified public accountants, copies of which have been delivered to Agent, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied (except for changes in application to which such accountants concur) and present fairly the financial position of Borrowers at such date and the results of their operations for such period. Since December 31, 2016, there has been no change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of Borrowers as shown on the consolidated balance sheet as of such date and no change in the aggregate value of machinery, equipment and Real Property owned by Borrowers, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business, none of which individually or in the aggregate has had a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.6. Entity Names . No Borrower has been known by any other company or corporate name, as applicable, in the five (5) years preceding the Ninth Amendment Date and, as of the Ninth Amendment Date, does not sell Inventory under any other name except as set forth on Schedule 5.6, nor has any Borrower been the surviving corporation or company, as applicable, of a merger 

112 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

113 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

or consolidation or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any Person during the five (5) years preceding the Ninth Amendment Date. 
 
 5.7. O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance; Flood Insurance. 

(a) Except with respect to any matters that, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Borrower is in compliance with, and its facilities, business, assets, property, leaseholds, Real Property and Equipment are in compliance with the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, and Environmental Laws and there are no outstanding citations, notices or orders of non-compliance issued to any Borrower or relating to its business, assets, property, leaseholds or Equipment under any such laws, rules or regulations. 

(b) Except with respect to any matters that, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Borrower has been issued all required federal, state and local licenses, certificates or permits (collectively, Approvals relating to all applicable Environmental Laws and all such Approvals are current and in full force and effect. 

(c) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 and except with respect to any matters that, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) there have been no releases, spills, discharges, leaks or disposal (collectively referred to as Releases of Hazardous Materials at, upon, under or migrating from or onto any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Borrower, except for those Releases which are in full compliance with Environmental Laws; (ii) there are no underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls on any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Borrower, except for such underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls that are present in compliance with Environmental Laws; (iii) the Real Property including any premises owned, leased or occupied by any Borrower has never been used by any Borrower to dispose of Hazardous Materials, except as authorized by Environmental Laws; and (iv) no Hazardous Materials are managed by any Borrower on any Real Property including any premises owned, leased or occupied by any Borrower, excepting such quantities as are managed in accordance with all applicable manufacturer s instructions and compliance with Environmental Laws and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of any Borrower or of its tenants. 

(d) All Real Property owned by Borrowers is insured pursuant to policies and other bonds which are valid and in full force and effect and which provide adequate coverage from reputable and financially sound insurers in amounts sufficient to insure the assets and risks of each such Borrower in accordance with prudent business practice in the industry of such Borrower. 

5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance. 

(a) (i) After giving effect to the Transactions, each Borrower is solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature, has capital sufficient to carry on its business and all businesses in which it is about to engage, (ii) as of the Closing Date, the fair present saleable value of its assets, calculated on a going concern basis, is in excess of the amount of its liabilities, and (iii) 

114 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

subsequent to the Closing Date, the fair saleable value of its assets (calculated on a going concern basis) will be in excess of the amount of its liabilities. 
 
 (b) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.8(b)(i), no Borrower has any pending or threatened litigation, arbitration, actions or proceedings except any litigation, arbitration, actions or proceedings which, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Borrower has any outstanding Indebtedness other than the Obligations, except for (i) Indebtedness disclosed in Schedule 5.8(b)(ii) and (ii) Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 7.8 hereof. 

(c) No Borrower is in violation of any applicable statute, law, rule, regulation or ordinance in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is any Borrower in violation of any order of any court, Governmental Body or arbitration board or tribunal. 

(d) No Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group maintains or is required to contribute to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan other than those listed on Schedule 5.8(d) hereto. Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Applicable Laws. (i) Each Borrower and each member of the Controlled Group has met all applicable minimum funding requirements under Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code in respect of each Plan, and each Plan is in compliance with Sections 412, 430 and 436 of the Code and Sections 206(g), 302 and 303 of ERISA, without regard to waivers and variances; (ii) each Plan which is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code as currently in effect has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code or an application for such a determination is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Code; (iii) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid; (iv) no Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and there is no occurrence which would cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Plan; (v) the current value of the assets of each Plan exceeds the present value of the accrued benefits and other liabilities of such Plan and neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group knows of any facts or circumstances which would materially change the value of such assets and accrued benefits and other liabilities; (vi) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has breached any of the responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed on it by ERISA with respect to any Plan; (vii) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred any liability for any excise tax arising under Section 4971, 4972 or 4980B of the Code, and no fact exists which could give rise to any such liability; (viii) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group nor any fiduciary of, nor any trustee to, any Plan, has engaged in a prohibited transaction described in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code nor taken any action which would constitute or result in a Termination Event with respect to any such Plan which is subject to ERISA; (ix) no Termination Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (x) there exists no Reportable ERISA Event; (xi) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; (xii) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group 

115 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

maintains or is required to contribute to any Plan which provides health, accident or life insurance benefits to former employees, their spouses or dependents, other than in accordance with Section 4980B of the Code; (xiii) neither any Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn, completely or partially, within the meaning of Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, from any Multiemployer Plan so as to incur liability under the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980 and there exists no fact which would reasonably be expected to result in any such liability; and (xiv) no Plan fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA) has any liability for breach of fiduciary duty or for any failure in connection with the administration or investment of the assets of a Plan. 
 
 5.9. Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses . As of the Ninth Amendment Date, all Intellectual Property owned or utilized by any Borrower: (i) is set forth on Schedule 5.9; (ii) is valid and has been duly registered or filed with all appropriate Governmental Bodies; and (iii) constitutes all of the intellectual property rights which are necessary for the operation of its business. There is no objection to, pending challenge to the validity of, or proceeding by any Governmental Body to suspend, revoke, terminate or adversely modify, any such Intellectual Property and no Borrower is aware of any grounds for any challenge or proceedings, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All Intellectual Property owned or held by any Borrower consists of original material or property developed by such Borrower or was lawfully acquired by such Borrower from the proper and lawful owner thereof. Each of such items has been maintained so as to preserve the value thereof from the date of creation or acquisition thereof. 

5.10. Licenses and Permits . Except as set forth in Schedule 5.10, each Borrower (a) is in compliance with and (b) has procured and is now in possession of, all material licenses or permits required by any applicable federal, state or local law, rule or regulation for the operation of its business in each jurisdiction wherein it is now conducting or proposes to conduct business and where the failure to procure such licenses or permits could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.11. Default of Indebtedness . No Borrower is in default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Indebtedness or under any instrument or agreement under or subject to which any Indebtedness has been issued and no event has occurred under the provisions of any such instrument or agreement which with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitutes or would constitute an event of default thereunder. 

5.12. No Default . No Borrower is in default in the payment or performance of any of its material obligations under its Material Contracts or other contractual obligations where such default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions . No Borrower is party to any contract or agreement the performance of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Borrower has heretofore delivered to Agent true and complete copies of all Material Contracts to which it is a party or to which it or any of its properties is subject as of the Ninth Amendment Date. No Borrower has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening 

116 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien which is not a Permitted Encumbrance. 
 
 5.14. No Labor Disputes . No Borrower is involved in any labor dispute; there are no strikes or walkouts or union organization of any Borrower s employees threatened or in existence and no labor contract is scheduled to expire during the Term other than as set forth on Schedule 5.14 hereto. 

5.15. Margin Regulations . No Borrower is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used for purchasing or carrying margin stock as defined in Regulation U of such Board of Governors. 

5.16. Investment Company Act . No Borrower is an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor is it controlled by such a company. 

5.17. Disclosure . No representation or warranty made by any Borrower in this Agreement or in any financial statement, report, certificate or any other document furnished in connection herewith contains any untrue statement of material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact known to any Borrower or which reasonably should be known to such Borrower which such Borrower has not disclosed to Agent in writing with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.18. Swaps . No Borrower is a party to, nor will it be a party to, any swap agreement whereby such Borrower has agreed or will agree to swap interest rates or currencies unless same provides that damages upon termination following an event of default thereunder are payable on an unlimited two-way basis without regard to fault on the part of either party. 

5.19. Business and Property of Borrowers . Upon and after the Ninth Amendment Date, Borrowers do not propose to engage in any business other than Borrowing Agent s business as of the Ninth Amendment Date and any business reasonably related or incidental thereto or representing a reasonable expansion thereof. On the Ninth Amendment Date, each Borrower will own all the property and possess all of the rights and Consents necessary for the conduct of the business of such Borrower. 

5.20. Ineligible Securities . Borrowers do not intend to use and shall not use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, to purchase during the underwriting period, or for 30 days thereafter, Ineligible Securities being underwritten by a securities Affiliate of Agent or any Lender. 

5.21. Reserved . 

117 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

5.22. Equity Interests . The authorized and outstanding Equity Interests of each Borrower (other than Vital Farms), and each legal and beneficial holder thereof as of the Ninth Amendment Date, are as set forth on Schedule 5.22(a) hereto. All of the Equity Interests of each Borrower have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and have been sold and delivered to the holders hereof in compliance with, or under valid exemption from, all federal and state laws and the rules and regulations of each Governmental Body governing the sale and delivery of securities. 

5.23. Commercial Tort Claims . Except as set forth on Schedule 5.23, no Borrower has any commercial tort claims as of the Closing Date. 

5.24. Letter of Credit Rights . As of the Closing Date, no Borrower has any letter of credit rights. 

5.25. Material Contracts . Schedule 5.25 sets forth all Material Contracts of the Borrowers as of the Ninth Amendment Date. As of the Ninth Amendment Date, all Material Contracts are in full force and effect and no material defaults currently exist thereunder. As of the Ninth Amendment Date, no Borrower has (i) received any notice of termination or non-renewal of any Material Contract, or (ii) exercised any option to terminate or not to renew any Material Contract. 

5.26. Sellers Lien Laws . 

(a) As of the Closing Date, no Borrower has received any written notice pursuant to any Sellers Lien Laws from (i) any Farm Products Seller or (ii) any lender to any Farm Products Seller or any other Person with a security interest in the assets of any Farm Products Seller or 

(iii) the Secretary of State (or equivalent official) or other Governmental Body of any State, Commonwealth or political subdivision thereof in which any Farm Products purchased by such Borrower are produced, in any case advising or notifying such Borrower of the intention of such Farm Products Seller or other Person to preserve the benefits of any trust applicable to any assets of any Borrower established in favor of such Farm Products Seller or other Person under the provisions of any Seller s Lien Law or claiming a Lien upon or other claim or encumbrance with respect to any Farm Products which may be, or have been, purchased by a Borrower or any related or other assets of such Borrower (all of the foregoing, together with any such notices as any Borrower may at any time hereafter receive, collectively, the Sellers Lien Law Notices ). 
 
 (b) As of the Closing Date, no Borrower has knowledge of any credible claim by any Farm Products Seller against any Borrower under any Sellers Lien Laws. 

(c) As of the Closing Date, (i) no Borrower is a live poultry dealer (as such term is defined in the PSA) or otherwise purchases or deals in live poultry of any type whatsoever, (ii) the Borrowers do not purchase livestock pursuant to cash sales as such term is defined in the PSA and (iii) no Borrower is engaged in raising, cultivating, propagating, fattening, grazing or any other farming, livestock or agricultural operations. 

5.27. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership . The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to Agent and Lenders for each Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer 

118 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation on or prior to the Ninth Amendment Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate, complete and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Certificate of Beneficial Ownership is one of the Other Documents. 
 
 VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 

Each Borrower shall, until payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement: 
 
 6.1. Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof or to the operation of such Borrower s business the non-compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent any separate provision of this Agreement shall expressly require compliance with any particular Applicable Law(s) pursuant to another standard). Each Borrower may, however, contest or dispute any Applicable Laws in any reasonable manner, provided that any related Lien is inchoate or stayed and sufficient reserves are established to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent to protect Agent s Lien on or security interest in the Collateral. 

6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets . (a) Conduct continuously and operate actively its business according to good business practices and maintain all of its properties useful or necessary in its business in good working order and condition (reasonable wear and tear excepted and except as may be disposed of in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), including all Intellectual Property and take all actions necessary to enforce and protect the validity of any intellectual property right or other right included in the Collateral where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) keep in full force and effect its existence and comply in all material respects with the laws and regulations governing the conduct of its business where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) make all such reports and pay all such franchise and other taxes and license fees and do all such other acts and things as may be lawfully required to maintain its rights, licenses, leases, powers and franchises under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.3. Books and Records . Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries will be made of all dealings or transactions of or in relation to its business and affairs (including without limitation accruals for taxes, assessments, Charges, levies and claims, allowances against doubtful Receivables and accruals for depreciation, obsolescence or amortization of assets), all in accordance with, or as required by, GAAP consistently applied in the opinion of such independent public accountant as shall then be regularly engaged by Borrowers. 

6.4. Payment of Taxes . Pay, when due, all taxes, assessments and other material Charges lawfully levied or assessed upon such Borrower or any of the Collateral, including real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges and all franchise, income, employment, social security benefits, withholding, and sales taxes, unless the same are being Properly Contested or do not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate. If any tax by any Governmental Body is or may be 

119 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

120 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

imposed on or as a result of any transaction between any Borrower and Agent or any Lender which Agent or any Lender may be required to withhold or pay or if any taxes, assessments, or other Charges remain unpaid after the date fixed for their payment, or if any claim shall be made which, in Agent s or any Lender s reasonable opinion, may possibly create a valid Lien on the Collateral, Agent may without notice to Borrowers pay the taxes, assessments or other Charges and each Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds Agent and each Lender harmless in respect thereof. Agent will not pay any taxes, assessments or Charges to the extent that any applicable Borrower has Properly Contested those taxes, assessments or Charges. The amount of any payment by Agent under this Section 6.4 shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations and, until Borrowers shall furnish Agent with an indemnity therefor (or supply Agent with evidence satisfactory to Agent that due provision for the payment thereof has been made), Agent may hold without interest any balance standing to Borrowers credit and Agent shall retain its security interest in and Lien on any and all Collateral held by Agent. 
 
 6.5. Financial Covenants. 

(a) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . During a Financial Covenant Testing Period, maintain as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.20 to 1.00, in each case on a trailing twelve (12) month basis. 

(b) Leverage Ratio . During a Financial Covenant Testing Period, maintain as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a Leverage Ratio not greater than 3.00 to 1.00. 

(c) Minimum Tangible Net Worth . During a Financial Covenant Testing Period, cause to be maintained Tangible Net Worth of not less than (i) 118,000,000 for the year to date period ending December 31, 2021 and (ii) for each year end thereafter, 118,000,000, plus fifty percent (50 of net income of Borrowers on Consolidated Basis for each year thereafter. 

(d) Financial Covenant Testing Period . For the avoidance of doubt, upon the commencement of a Financial Covenant Testing Period, (i) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Leverage Ratio shall be tested as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending (for the trailing twelve month period then ending) immediately prior to the Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event that gave rise to the Financial Covenant Testing Period for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to Section 9.7 or 9.8 hereof (as applicable) and (ii) Minimum Tangible Net Worth shall be tested as of the last day of the year ending immediately prior to the Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event that gave rise to the Financial Covenant Testing Period for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to Section 9.7 or 9.8 hereof (as applicable). 

6.6. 		Insurance . 

(a) (i) Keep all its insurable properties and properties in which such Borrower has an interest insured against the hazards of fire, flood, sprinkler leakage, those hazards covered by extended coverage insurance and such other hazards, and for such amounts, as is customary in the case of companies engaged in businesses similar to such Borrower s including business interruption insurance; (ii) maintain a bond in such amounts as is customary in the case of companies 

121 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

engaged in businesses similar to such Borrower insuring against larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation of insured s officers and employees who may either singly or jointly with others at any time have access to the assets or funds of such Borrower either directly or through authority to draw upon such funds or to direct generally the disposition of such assets; 
 (iii) maintain public and product liability insurance against claims for personal injury, death or property damage suffered by others; (iv) maintain all such worker s compensation or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which such Borrower is engaged in business; (v) furnish Agent with (A) copies of all policies and evidence of the maintenance of such policies by the renewal thereof at least thirty (30) days before any expiration date, and (B) appropriate loss payable endorsements in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, naming Agent as an additional insured and mortgagee and/or lender loss payee (as applicable) as its interests may appear with respect to all insurance coverage referred to in clauses (i), and (iii) above, and providing (I) that all proceeds thereunder payable to any Borrower shall be payable to Agent, (II) no such insurance shall be affected by any act or neglect of the insured or owner of the property described in such policy, and (III) that such policy and loss payable clauses may not be cancelled, amended or terminated unless at least thirty (30) days prior written notice is given to Agent (or in the case of non-payment, at least ten (10) days prior written notice). In the event of any loss thereunder resulting in proceeds payable to any Borrower, the carriers named therein hereby are directed by Agent and the applicable Borrower to make payment for such loss to Agent and not to such Borrower and Agent jointly. If any insurance losses are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to any Borrower and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse such Borrower s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash. 
 
 (b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Agent is hereby authorized to adjust and compromise claims payable to any Borrower under insurance coverage referred to in Sections 6.6(a)(i), and (iii) and 6.6(b) above. All loss recoveries received by Agent under any such insurance may be applied to the Obligations, in such order as Agent in its reasonable discretion shall determine. Any surplus shall be paid by Agent to Borrowers or applied as may be otherwise required by law. Any deficiency thereon shall be paid by Borrowers to Agent, on demand. If any Borrower fails to obtain insurance as hereinabove provided, or to keep the same in force, Agent, if Agent so elects, may obtain such insurance and pay the premium therefor on behalf of such Borrower, which payments shall be charged to Borrowers Account and constitute part of the Obligations. 

6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold Obligations . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy 

(i) at or before maturity (subject, where applicable, to specified grace periods) all its Indebtedness, except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or when the amount or validity thereof is currently being Properly Contested, subject at all times to any applicable subordination arrangement in favor of Lenders and (ii) when due its rental obligations under all leases under which it is a tenant except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or when the amount or validity thereof is currently being Properly Contested, and shall otherwise comply, in all material respects, with all other terms of such leases and keep them in full force and effect. 

122 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

6.8. Environmental Matters. 

(a) Except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, ensure that the Real Property and all operations and businesses conducted thereon are in compliance and remain in compliance with all Environmental Laws and it shall manage any and all Hazardous Materials on any Real Property in compliance with Environmental Laws. 

(b) Establish and maintain an environmental management and compliance system to assure and monitor continued compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws which system shall include periodic environmental compliance audits to be conducted by knowledgeable environmental professionals. All potential violations and violations of Environmental Laws shall be reviewed with legal counsel to determine any required reporting to applicable Governmental Bodies and any required corrective actions to address such potential violations or violations. 

(c) Respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint and take all necessary action in order to safeguard the health of any Person and to avoid subjecting the Collateral or Real Property to any Lien. If any Borrower shall fail to respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint or any Borrower shall fail to comply with any of the requirements of any Environmental Laws, Agent on behalf of Lenders may, but without the obligation to do so, for the sole purpose of protecting Agent s interest in the Collateral: (i) give such notices or (ii) enter onto the Real Property (or authorize third parties to enter onto the Real Property) and take such actions as Agent (or such third parties as directed by Agent) deem reasonably necessary or advisable, to remediate, remove, mitigate or otherwise manage with any such Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Agent and Lenders (or such third parties) in the exercise of any such rights, including any sums paid in connection with any judicial or administrative investigation or proceedings, fines and penalties, together with interest thereon from the date expended at the Default Rate for Domestic Rate Loans constituting Revolving Advances shall be paid upon demand by Borrowers, and until paid shall be added to and become a part of the Obligations secured by the Liens created by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between Agent, any Lender and any Borrower. 

(d) Promptly upon the written request of Agent from time to time, but in the absence of the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, in no event more than one (1) time per calendar year, Borrowers shall provide Agent, at Borrowers expense, with an environmental site assessment or environmental compliance audit report prepared by an environmental engineering firm acceptable in the reasonable opinion of Agent, to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the existence of a Hazardous Discharge and the potential costs in connection with abatement, remediation and removal of any Hazardous Materials found on, under, at or within the Real Property. Any report or investigation of such Hazardous Discharge proposed and acceptable to the responsible Governmental Body shall be acceptable to Agent. If such estimates, individually or in the aggregate, exceed 100,000, Agent shall have the right to require Borrowers to post a bond, letter of credit or other security reasonably satisfactory to Agent to secure payment of these costs and expenses. 

123 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

6.9. Standards of Financial Statements . Cause all financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7, 9.8, 9.10, and 9.11 as to which GAAP is applicable to fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Borrowers on a consolidated and consolidating basis (subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments) and to be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as disclosed therein and agreed to by such reporting accountants or officer, as applicable). 

6.10. Reserved . 

6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments . Execute and deliver to Agent from time to time, upon demand, such supplemental agreements, statements, assignments and transfers, or instructions or documents relating to the Collateral, and such other instruments as Agent may reasonably request, in order that the full intent of this Agreement may be carried into effect. 

6.12. Government Receivables . Take all steps necessary to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act, the Uniform Commercial Code and all other applicable state or local statutes or ordinances and deliver to Agent appropriately endorsed, any instrument or chattel paper connected with any Receivable arising out of any contract between any Borrower and the United States, any state or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them. 

6.13. Keepwell . If it is a Qualified ECP Loan Party, then jointly and severally, together with each other Qualified ECP Loan Party, hereby absolutely unconditionally and irrevocably (a) guarantees the prompt payment and performance of all Swap Obligations owing by each Non-Qualifying Party (it being understood and agreed that this guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection), and (b) undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by any Non-Qualifying Party to honor all of such Non-Qualifying Party s obligations under this Agreement or any Other Document in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Loan Party shall only be liable under this Section 

6.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 6.13, or otherwise under this Agreement or any Other Document, voidable under applicable law, including applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Loan Party under this Section 6.13 shall remain in full force and effect until payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Qualified ECP Loan Party intends that this Section 6.13 constitute, and this Section 6.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Borrower and Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 
 
 6.14. Farm Products . 

(a) Each Borrower shall at all times comply in all material respects with all existing and future Sellers Lien Law Notices during their periods of effectiveness under the applicable Sellers Lien Laws, including, without limitation, directions to make payments to the Farm Products Seller by issuing payment instruments directly to the secured party with respect to any 

124 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

125 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

assets of the Farm Products Seller or jointly payable to the Farm Products Seller and any secured party with respect to the assets of such Farm Products Seller, as specified in the Sellers Lien Law Notice, so as to terminate or release the security interest in any Farm Products maintained by such Farm Products Seller or any secured party with respect to the assets of such Farm Products Seller under the applicable Sellers Lien Laws. 
 
 (b) Each Borrower shall take all other actions as may be reasonably required, if any, to ensure that any Farm Products are purchased free and clear of any Lien arising under any Sellers Lien Law. 

(c) Each Borrower shall promptly notify Agent in writing after (i) obtaining knowledge of any credible claim by any Farm Product Seller against any Borrower under any Seller Lien Laws and (ii) receipt by or on behalf of such Borrower of any Sellers Lien Law Notice or amendment to a previous Sellers Lien Law Notice, and including any notice from any Farm Products Seller of the intention of such Farm Products Seller to preserve the benefits of any trust applicable to any assets of any Borrower or any Guarantor under the provisions of the Sellers Lien Laws or any other Applicable Law and upon the request of the Agent, such Borrower shall promptly provide Agent with a true, correct and complete copy of such Sellers Lien Law Notice or amendment, as the case may be, and other information delivered to or on behalf of such Borrower pursuant to the Sellers Lien Laws. 

(d) To the extent that a Borrower purchases any Farm Products from a Person who produces such Farm Products in a state with a central filing system certified by the United States Secretary of Agriculture, such Borrower shall immediately register, as a buyer, with the Secretary of State of such state (or the designated system operator). Each Borrower shall forward promptly to Agent upon its request a copy of such registration as well as a copy of all relevant portions of the master list periodically distributed by any such Secretary of State (or the designated system operator). Each Borrower shall comply with any payment of obligations in connection with the purchase of any Farm Products imposed by a secured party as a condition of the waiver or release of a security interest effective under the Food Security Act or other applicable law whether or not as a result of direct notice or the filing under any applicable central filing system. Each Borrower shall also provide to Agent from time to time upon its request true and correct copies of all state filings recorded in any such central filing system in respect of a Person from whom a Borrower has purchased Farm Products within the preceding twelve (12) months. 

6.15. Reserved . 

6.16. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information . Provide to Agent and the Lenders, upon the request of Agent, with respect to any Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation: (i) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to the Agent and Lenders; (ii) a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to Agent and each Lenders, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed; and (iii) such other information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance by Agent or such Lender with applicable laws (including without limitation the USA Patriot Act 

126 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by Agent or such Lender to comply therewith. 
 
 VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 

No Borrower shall, until satisfaction in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement: 
 
 7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets. 

(a) Enter into any merger, consolidation or other reorganization with or into any other Person or acquire all or substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of any Person or permit any other Person to consolidate with or merge with it, except (i) any Borrower may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another Borrower or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Borrower so long as such Borrower provides Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or reorganization and delivers all of the relevant documents evidencing such merger, consolidation or reorganization and (ii) Permitted Acquisitions. 

(b) Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets, except (i) (a) the transfer or disposition of cash or cash equivalents for the purpose of funding an investment to be held by Borrower or for the purpose of funding cash expenditures in the Ordinary Course of Business, (b) the sale of Inventory and investments in the Ordinary Course of Business, (c) the disposition or transfer of obsolete and worn-out equipment in the Ordinary Course of Business, 

(d) the disposition or transfer of equipment or real property to the extent that such equipment or property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of replacement equipment or real property or the proceeds of any such disposition are used to acquire replacement equipment or real property and which, in the case of equipment only, is subject to Agent s first priority security interest, (e) the sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition of property or assets to another Borrower, (f) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted in the Ordinary Course of Business and on ordinary commercial terms that do not interfere in any material respect with the business of Borrowers, (g) any sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition of property permitted by Section 7.1(a), (h) the sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition of Intellectual Property that is no longer used or useful in the business of Borrowers, (i) any transfer or disposition of cash, securities, or other property or assets as a dividend or distribution to the holders of Equity Interests in any Borrower, and (j) the sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition by a Borrower not otherwise permitted under this Section so long as (i) no Event of Default exists at the time of any such sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition or would arise after giving effect thereto, (ii) the cash consideration from such sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition is not less than 75 of the total consideration received in connection with such sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition, 
 (iii) such sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition is made at fair market value and (iv) the aggregate fair market value of all such assets so sold, leased, transferred or disposed of by the Borrowers does not exceed, in the aggregate for all such sales, leases, transfers, or other dispositions during any fiscal year, 10,000,000, and (ii) any other sales or dispositions expressly permitted by this Agreement. Agent s Lien on any properties or assets that are permitted to be sold or otherwise disposed of under this Section 7.1(b) shall be deemed to be released automatically upon the consummation of such sale or other disposition. Upon the Borrowers reasonable request, and at the sole cost of Borrowers, Agent shall deliver to Borrowers any 
 
 127 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

128 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

terminations, releases, documents and/or evidence as may be reasonably required to enable Borrowers to terminate or release any Lien granted to Agent with respect to the properties or assets sold or otherwise disposed of under this Section 7.1(b). 
 
 7.2. Creation of Liens . Create or suffer to exist any Lien upon or against any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter created or acquired, except Permitted Encumbrances. 

7.3. Guarantees . Become liable upon the obligations or liabilities of any Person (other than of another Borrower) by assumption, endorsement or guaranty thereof or otherwise (other than to Lenders) except (i) the endorsement of checks in the Ordinary Course of Business and (ii) guarantees in respect of Permitted Indebtedness. 

7.4. 		[Reserved] . 

7.5. 		[Reserved] . 

7.6. 		[Reserved] . 

7.7. 		[Reserved] . 

7.8. Indebtedness .	Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 

7.9. Nature of Business . Substantially change the nature of the business in which it is engaged as of the Ninth Amendment Date other than into any business reasonably related or incidental thereto or representing a reasonable expansion thereof. 

7.10. [Reserved] . 7.11. [Reserved] . 

7.12. [Reserved]. 

7.13. Fiscal Year . Change its fiscal year from a 52-53-week fiscal year ending on December 31. 

7.14. [Reserved] . 

7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents . (i) Change its legal name, (ii) change its form of legal entity (e.g., converting from a corporation to a limited liability company or vice versa), or (iii) change its jurisdiction of organization or become (or attempt or purport to become) organized in more than one jurisdiction, in any such case without (x) giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such intended change to Agent, and (y) having received from Agent confirmation that Agent has taken all steps necessary for Agent to continue the perfection of and protect the enforceability and priority of its Liens in the Collateral belonging to such Borrower and in the Equity Interests of such Borrower. 

129 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

130 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

7.16. Compliance with ERISA . (i) (x) Maintain, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to maintain, or (y) become obligated to contribute, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to become obligated to contribute, to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, other than those disclosed on Schedule 5.8(d), (ii) engage, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to engage, in any non-exempt prohibited transaction , as that term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) terminate, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to terminate, any Plan where such event could result in any liability of any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group or the imposition of a lien on the property of any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA, (iv) incur, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to incur, any withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan; (v) fail promptly to notify Agent of the occurrence of any Termination Event, (vi) fail to comply, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to comply, with the requirements of ERISA or the Code or other Applicable Laws in respect of any Plan, (vii) fail to meet, permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to meet, or permit any Plan to fail to meet all minimum funding requirements under ERISA and the Code, without regard to any waivers or variances, or postpone or delay or allow any member of the Controlled Group to postpone or delay any funding requirement with respect to any Plan, or (viii) cause, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to cause, a representation or warranty in Section 5.8(d) to cease to be true and correct. 

7.17. [Reserved] . 

7.18. Membership / Partnership Interests . Designate or permit any of their Subsidiaries to (a) treat their limited liability company membership interests or partnership interests, as the case may be, as securities as contemplated by the definition of security in Section 8-102(15) and by Section 8-103 of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code or (b) certificate their limited liability membership interests or partnership interests, as applicable. 

VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 

8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances . The agreement of Lenders to make the initial Advances requested to be made on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Agent, immediately prior to or concurrently with the making of such Advances, of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Notes . Agent shall have received the Notes duly executed and delivered by an authorized officer of each Borrower; 

(b) Other Documents . Agent shall have received each of the executed Other Documents, as applicable; 

(c) Mortgage and Surveys . Agent shall have received in form and substance satisfactory to Lenders (i) an executed Mortgage and (ii) surveys; 

(d) Title Insurance . Agent shall have received fully paid mortgagee title insurance policies (or binding commitments to issue title insurance policies, marked to Agent s satisfaction to evidence the form of such policies to be delivered with respect to the Mortgage), in standard 

131 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

ALTA form, issued by a title insurance company satisfactory to Agent, each in an amount equal to not less than the fair market value of the Real Property subject to the Mortgage, insuring the Mortgage to create a valid Lien on the Real Property with no exceptions which Agent shall not have approved in writing and no survey exceptions; 
 
 (e) Environmental Reports . Agent shall have received all environmental studies and reports prepared by independent environmental engineering firms with respect to all Real Property owned or leased by any Borrower; 

(f) Ovabrite Note Receivable . Agent shall have received (a) the original executed Ovabrite Note Receivable and (b) an executed collateral assignment of the Ovabrite Note Receivable in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; 

(g) Financial Condition Certificates . Agent shall have received an executed Financial Condition Certificate in the form of Exhibit 8.1(g). 

(h) Closing Certificate . Agent shall have received a closing certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer of each Borrower dated as of the date hereof, stating that (i) all representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, and (ii) on such date no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing; 

(i) Borrowing Base . Agent shall have received evidence from Borrowers that the aggregate amount of Eligible Receivables and Eligible Inventory is sufficient in value and amount to support Advances in the amount requested by Borrowers on the Closing Date; 

(j) Undrawn Availability . After giving effect to the initial Advances hereunder, Borrowers shall have Undrawn Availability of at least 3,000,000; 

(k) Blocked Accounts . Borrowers shall have opened the Depository Accounts with Agent or Agent shall have received duly executed agreements establishing the Blocked Accounts with financial institutions acceptable to Agent for the collection or servicing of the Receivables and proceeds of the Collateral and Agent shall have entered into control agreements with the applicable financial institutions in form and substance satisfactory to Agent with respect to such Blocked Accounts; 

(l) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by this Agreement, any related agreement or under law or reasonably requested by Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create, in favor of Agent, a perfected security interest in or lien upon the Collateral shall have been properly filed, registered or recorded in each jurisdiction in which the filing, registration or recordation thereof is so required or requested, and Agent shall have received an acknowledgment copy, or other evidence satisfactory to it, of each such filing, registration or recordation and satisfactory evidence of the payment of any necessary fee, tax or expense relating thereto; 

132 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(m) Lien Waiver Agreements . Agent shall have received Lien Waiver Agreements with respect to all locations or places at which Inventory, Equipment and books and records are located; 

(n) Secretary s Certificates, Authorizing Resolutions and Good Standings of Borrowers . Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other equivalent officer, partner or manager) of each Borrower in form and substance satisfactory to Agent dated as of the Closing Date which shall certify (i) copies of resolutions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, of the board of directors (or other equivalent governing body, member or partner) of such Borrower authorizing (x) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Notes and each Other Document to which such Borrower is a party (including authorization of the incurrence of indebtedness, borrowing of Revolving Advances, Swing Loans, Term Loan and Equipment Loans and requesting of Letters of Credit, on a joint and several basis with all Borrowers as provided for herein), and (y) the granting by such Borrower of the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral to secure all of the joint and several Obligations of Borrowers (and such certificate shall state that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date of such certificate), (ii) the incumbency and signature of the officers of such Borrower authorized to execute this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iii) copies of the Organizational Documents of such Borrower as in effect on such date, complete with all amendments thereto, and (iv) the good standing (or equivalent status) of such Borrower in its jurisdiction of organization and each applicable jurisdiction where the conduct of such Borrower s business activities or the ownership of its properties necessitates qualification, as evidenced by good standing certificate(s) (or the equivalent thereof issued by any applicable jurisdiction) dated not more than 30 days prior to the Closing Date, issued by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each such jurisdiction; 

(o) Secretary s Certificates, Authorizing Resolutions and Good Standings of Guarantors . Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other equivalent officer, partner or manager) of each Guarantor in form and substance satisfactory to Agent dated as of the Closing Date which shall certify (i) copies of resolutions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, of the board of directors (or other equivalent governing body, member or partner) of each Guarantor authorizing (x) the execution, delivery and performance of such Guarantor s Guaranty and each Other Document to which such Guarantor is a party and (y) the granting by such Guarantor of the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral to secure its obligations under its Guaranty (and such certificate shall state that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date of such certificate), (ii) the incumbency and signature of the officers of such Guarantor authorized to execute this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iii) copies of the Organizational Documents of such Guarantor as in effect on such date, complete with all amendments thereto, and (iv) the good standing (or equivalent status) of such Guarantor in its jurisdiction of organization and each applicable jurisdiction where the conduct of such Guarantor s business activities or the ownership of its properties necessitates qualification, as evidenced by good standing certificate(s) (or the equivalent thereof issued by any applicable jurisdiction) dated not more than 30 days prior to the Closing Date, issued by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each such jurisdiction; 

133 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(p) Legal Opinion . Agent shall have received the executed legal opinion of Integral Business Counsel, PLLC in form and substance satisfactory to Agent which shall cover such matters incident to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Notes, the Other Documents, and related agreements as Agent may reasonably require and each Borrower hereby authorizes and directs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Agent and Lenders; 

(q) No Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding before or by any arbitrator or Governmental Body shall be continuing or threatened against any Borrower or against the officers or directors of any Borrower (A) in connection with this Agreement, the Other Documents, or any of the transactions contemplated thereby and which, in the reasonable opinion of Agent, is deemed material or (B) which could, in the reasonable opinion of Agent, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) no injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature materially adverse to any Borrower or the conduct of its business or inconsistent with the due consummation of the Transactions shall have been issued by any Governmental Body; 

(r) Collateral Examination . Agent shall have completed Collateral examinations and received appraisals, the results of which shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent, of the Receivables, Inventory, General Intangibles, Real Property, and equipment of each Borrower and all books and records in connection therewith, including without limitation, an appraisal obtained after receipt of the certificate of occupancy, determining the fair market value of the Real Property securing the Obligations; 

(s) Fees . Agent shall have received all fees payable to Agent and Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date hereunder, including pursuant to Article III hereof; 

(t) Pro Forma Financial Statements . Agent shall have received a copy of the Pro Forma Financial Statements which shall be satisfactory in all respects to Agent; 

(u) Insurance . Agent shall have received in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, (i) evidence that adequate insurance, including without limitation, casualty and liability insurance, required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, (ii) insurance certificates issued by Borrowers insurance broker containing such information regarding Borrowers casualty and liability insurance policies as Agent shall request and naming Agent as an additional insured, lenders loss payee and/or mortgagee, as applicable, and (iii) loss payable endorsements issued by Borrowers insurer naming Agent as lenders loss payee and mortgagee, as applicable; 

(v) Flood Insurance . Evidence that adequate flood insurance required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, with additional insured, mortgagee and lender loss payable special endorsements attached thereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its counsel naming Agent as additional insured, mortgagee and lender loss payee, as applicable, and evidence that Borrowers have taken all actions requested by Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure on any Real Property that will be subject to a Mortgage in favor of Agent, for the 

134 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

benefit of Lenders, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral. 
 
 (w) Payment Instructions . Agent shall have received written instructions from Borrowing Agent directing the application of proceeds of the initial Advances made pursuant to this Agreement; 

(x) Consents . Agent shall have received any and all Consents necessary to permit the effectuation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Other Documents; and, Agent shall have received such Consents and waivers of such third parties as might assert claims with respect to the Collateral, as Agent and its counsel shall reasonably deem necessary; 

(y) No Adverse Material Change . (i) Since December 31, 2016, there shall not have occurred any event, condition or state of facts which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) no representations made or information supplied to Agent or Lenders shall have been proven to be inaccurate or misleading in any material respect; 

(z) Contract Review . Agent shall have received and reviewed all Material Contracts of Borrowers including leases, union contracts, labor contracts, vendor supply contracts, license agreements and distributorship agreements and such contracts and agreements shall be satisfactory in all respects to Agent; 

(aa) Compliance with Laws . Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that each Borrower is in compliance with all pertinent federal, state, local or territorial regulations, including those with respect to the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, 
 ERISA and the Anti-Terrorism Laws; and 
 
 (bb) Other . All corporate and other proceedings, and all documents, instruments and other legal matters in connection with the Transactions shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent and its counsel. 
 
 8.2. Conditions to Each Advance . The agreement of Lenders to make any Advance requested to be made on any date (including the initial Advance), is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent as of the date such Advance is made: 

(a) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Borrower in or pursuant to this Agreement, the Other Documents and any related agreements to which it is a party, and each of the representations and warranties contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished at any time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Other Documents or any related agreement shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and/or specified date); 

(b) No Default . No Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date, or would exist after giving effect to the Advances requested to be made, on such date; provided, however that Agent, in its sole discretion, may continue to make Advances 

135 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default or Default and that any Advances so made shall not be deemed a waiver of any such Event of Default or Default; and 
 
 (c) Maximum Advances . In the case of any type of Advance requested to be made, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such type of Advance shall not exceed the maximum amount of such type of Advance permitted under this Agreement. 

Each request for an Advance by any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Borrower as of the date of such Advance that the conditions contained in this subsection shall have been satisfied. 
 
 8.3. 		[Reserved]. 

IX. INFORMATION AS TO BORROWERS. 

Each Borrower shall, or (except with respect to Section 9.11) shall cause Borrowing Agent on its behalf to, until satisfaction in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement: 
 
 9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters . Promptly upon learning thereof, report to Agent (a) all matters materially affecting the value, enforceability or collectability of a material portion of the Collateral, including any Borrower s recall, reclamation or repossession of, or the return to any Borrower of, a material amount of goods or claims or disputes asserted by any Customer or other obligor other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (b) any investigation, hearing, proceeding or other inquest into any Borrower, any Guarantor, or any Affiliate of any Borrower or any Guarantor by any Governmental Body with respect to Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

9.2. 	Schedules .	During a Borrowing Base Period, deliver to Agent (i) on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of each month as and for the prior month (a) accounts receivable ageings inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (b) accounts payable schedules inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (c) a Borrowing Base Certificate in form and substance satisfactory to Agent (which shall be calculated as of the last day of the prior month and which shall not be binding upon Agent or restrictive of Agent s rights under this Agreement), and (d) an Inventory report, and (ii) if Undrawn Availability is less than 5,000,000 at any time, on or before Tuesday of each week, a sales report / roll forward for the prior week. In addition, during a Borrowing Base Period, each Borrower will deliver to Agent at such intervals as Agent may require: (i) confirmatory assignment schedules; (ii) copies of Customer s invoices; (iii) evidence of shipment or delivery; and (iv) such further schedules, documents and/or information regarding the Collateral as Agent may reasonably request including trial balances and test verifications. Agent shall have the right to confirm and verify all Receivables by any manner and through any medium it considers advisable and do whatever it may deem reasonably necessary to protect its interests hereunder, provided that, absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Agent will not contact any obligor under any Receivable without providing Borrowing Agent at least one (1) Business Days advance notice. The items to be provided under this Section are to be in form satisfactory to Agent and executed by each Borrower and delivered to Agent from time to time solely for Agent s convenience in maintaining records of the Collateral, and any Borrower s failure to deliver any of such items to Agent shall not affect, terminate, modify or 

136 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

137 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

otherwise limit Agent s Lien with respect to the Collateral. Unless otherwise agreed to by Agent, the items to be provided under this Section 9.2 shall be delivered to Agent by the specific method of Approved Electronic Communication designated by Agent. 
 
 9.3. Environmental Reports . 

(a) Furnish Agent, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7 and 9.8, with a certificate signed by the President or Chief Financial Officer of Borrowing Agent stating, to the best of his knowledge, that each Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws. To the extent any Borrower is not in compliance with the foregoing laws, the certificate shall set forth with specificity all areas of non-compliance and the proposed action such Borrower will implement in order to achieve full compliance. 

(b) In the event any Borrower obtains, gives or receives notice of any Release or threat of Release of a reportable quantity of any Hazardous Materials at the Real Property (any such event being hereinafter referred to as a Hazardous Discharge or receives any notice of violation, request for information or notification that it is potentially responsible for investigation or cleanup of environmental conditions at the Real Property, demand letter or complaint, order, citation, or other written notice with regard to any Hazardous Discharge or violation of Environmental Laws affecting the Real Property or any Borrower s interest therein or the operations or the business (any of the foregoing is referred to herein as an Environmental Complaint from any Person, including any Governmental Body, then Borrowing Agent shall, within five (5) Business Days, give written notice of same to Agent detailing facts and circumstances of which any Borrower is aware giving rise to the Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. Such information is to be provided to allow Agent to protect its security interest in and Lien on the Collateral and is not intended to create nor shall it create any obligation upon Agent or any Lender with respect thereto. 

(c) Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Agent copies of any request for information, notification of potential liability, demand letter relating to potential responsibility with respect to the investigation or cleanup of Hazardous Materials at any other site owned, operated or used by any Borrower to manage of Hazardous Materials and shall continue to forward copies of correspondence between any Borrower and the Governmental Body regarding such claims to Agent until the claim is settled. Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Agent copies of all documents and reports concerning a Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint at the Real Property, operations or business that any Borrower is required to file under any Environmental Laws. Such information is to be provided solely to allow Agent to protect Agent s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral. 

9.4. Litigation . Promptly notify Agent in writing of any claim, litigation, suit or administrative proceeding affecting any Borrower or any Guarantor, whether or not the claim is covered by insurance, and of any litigation, suit or administrative proceeding, which in any such case affects the Collateral or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

138 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

9.5. Material Occurrences . Promptly notify Agent in writing upon the occurrence of: (a) any Event of Default or Default (provided that if such Default is subsequently cured within the time periods set forth herein, the failure to provide notice of such Default shall not itself result in an Event of Default hereunder); (b) any event, development or circumstance whereby any financial statements or other reports furnished to Agent fail in any material respect to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, the financial condition or operating results of any Borrower as of the date of such statements; (c) any funding deficiency which, if not corrected as provided in Section 4971 of the Code, could subject any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group to a tax imposed by Section 4971 of the Code; (d) each and every default by any Borrower which might result in the acceleration of the maturity of any Indebtedness, including the names and addresses of the holders of such Indebtedness with respect to which there is a default existing or with respect to which the maturity has been or could be accelerated, and the amount of such Indebtedness; and (e) any other development in the business or affairs of any Borrower or any Guarantor, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; in each case describing the nature thereof and the action Borrowers propose to take with respect thereto. 

9.6. Government Receivables . Notify Agent immediately if any of its Receivables arise out of contracts between any Borrower and the United States, any state, or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them. 

9.7. Annual Financial Statements . Furnish Agent no later than the earlier to occur of (x) the date by which Vital Farms is required to file its annual report on form 10-K with the SEC after the close of each fiscal year of Borrowers or (y) the one hundred twentieth (120 th day after the end of each fiscal year of Borrowers, financial statements of Borrowers on a consolidating and consolidated basis including, but not limited to, statements of income and stockholders equity and cash flow from the beginning of the current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal year and the balance sheet as at the end of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior practices, and in reasonable detail and reported upon without qualification by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by Borrowers and satisfactory to Agent (the Accountants ); provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 

9.7 may be fulfilled by furnishing to Agent the report filed by Vital Farms with the SEC on Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year; and provided further that the foregoing Form 10-K shall be deemed to have been furnished to Agent on the date on which such information is available via the EDGAR system of the SEC on the Internet. In addition, during the period beginning on the date of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event and ending on the date of the corresponding Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event, the reports shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate; provided , however , that upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event, Borrowers shall deliver a Compliance Certificate to Agent corresponding to the fiscal quarter ended immediately prior to such Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to this Section or Section 9.8 hereof (as applicable). 
 
 9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements . Furnish Agent no later than the earlier to occur of (x) the date by which Vital Farms is required to file its quarterly report on form 10-Q with the SEC after the close of each of the first three fiscal quarters of Borrowers or (y) the forty-fifth (45 th day after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of Borrowers, an unaudited balance sheet of 

139 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

140 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Borrowers on a consolidated and consolidating basis and unaudited statements of income and stockholders equity and cash flow of Borrowers on a consolidated and consolidating basis reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such quarter and for such quarter, fairly presenting in all material respects financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of Borrowers on a consolidated and consolidating basis, subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that individually and in the aggregate are not material to Borrowers business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year; provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 9.8 may be fulfilled by furnishing to Agent the report filed by Vital Farms with the SEC on Form 10-Q for the applicable quarterly period; and provided further that the foregoing Form 10-Q shall be deemed to have been furnished to Agent on the date on which such information is available via the EDGAR system of the SEC on the Internet. During the period beginning on the date of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event and ending on the date of the corresponding Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event, the reports shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate; provided , however , that upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event, Borrowers shall deliver a Compliance Certificate to Agent corresponding to the fiscal quarter ended immediately prior to such Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to this Section or Section 9.7 hereof (as applicable). 
 
 9.9. 		[Reserved] . 

9.10. Other Reports . Furnish Agent as soon as available, but in any event within ten (10) days after the issuance thereof, with copies of such financial statements, reports and returns as each Borrower shall send to the holders of its Equity Interests other than such financial statements, reports and returns already provided to Agent under Sections 9.7 and 9.8. 

9.11. Additional Information . Furnish Agent with such additional information as Agent shall reasonably request in order to enable Agent to determine whether the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and the Notes have been complied with by Borrowers including, without the necessity of any request by Agent, (a) copies of all environmental audits and reviews, (b) at least thirty (30) days prior thereto, notice of any Borrower s opening of any new office or place of business or any Borrower s closing of any existing office or place of business, and (c) promptly upon any Borrower s learning thereof, notice of any labor dispute to which any Borrower may become a party, any strikes or walkouts relating to any of its plants or other facilities, and the expiration of any labor contract to which any Borrower is a party or by which any Borrower is bound. 

9.12. [Reserved] . 9.13. [Reserved] . 

9.14. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events . Furnish Agent with prompt written notice of (i) any lapse or other termination of any Consent issued to any Borrower by any Governmental Body or any other Person that is material to the operation of any Borrower s business, (ii) any refusal by 

141 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

any Governmental Body or any other Person to renew or extend any such Consent; and (iii) 

142 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

copies of any periodic or special reports filed by any Borrower or any Guarantor with any Governmental Body or Person, if such reports indicate any material change in the business, operations, affairs or condition of any Borrower or any Guarantor, or if copies thereof are requested by Lender, and (iv) copies of any material notices and other communications from any Governmental Body or Person which specifically relate to any Borrower or any Guarantor. 
 
 9.15. ERISA Notices and Requests . Furnish Agent with prompt written notice in the event that 

(i) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group knows or has reason to know that a Termination Event has occurred, together with a written statement describing such Termination Event and the action, if any, which such Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, Department of Labor or PBGC with respect thereto, 
 (ii) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group knows or has reason to know that a prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Code) has occurred together with a written statement describing such transaction and the action which such Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, (iii) a funding waiver request has been filed with respect to any Plan together with all communications received by any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group with respect to such request, (iv) any increase in the benefits of any existing Plan or the establishment of any new Plan or the commencement of contributions to any Plan to which any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group was not previously contributing shall occur, (v) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive from the PBGC a notice of intention to terminate a Plan or to have a trustee appointed to administer a Plan, together with copies of each such notice, (vi) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive any favorable or unfavorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualification of a Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code, together with copies of each such letter; (vii) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive a notice regarding the imposition of withdrawal liability, together with copies of each such notice; 
 (viii) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall fail to make a required installment or any other required payment under the Code or ERISA on or before the due date for such installment or payment; or (ix) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group knows that (a) a Multiemployer Plan has been terminated, (b) the administrator or plan sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan intends to terminate a Multiemployer Plan, (c) the PBGC has instituted or will institute proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA to terminate a Multiemployer Plan or 
 (d) a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA. 

9.16. Additional Documents . Execute and deliver to Agent, upon request, such documents and agreements as Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the purposes, terms or conditions of this Agreement. 

9.17. [Reserved] . 

9.18. Financial Disclosure . Each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs all accountants and auditors employed by such Borrower at any time during the Term to exhibit and deliver to Agent and each Lender copies of any of such Borrower s financial statements, trial balances or other accounting records of any sort in the accountant s or auditor s possession, and to disclose to Agent and each Lender any information such accountants may have concerning 

143 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

144 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

such Borrower s financial status and business operations. Each Borrower hereby authorizes all Governmental Bodies to furnish to Agent and each Lender copies of reports or examinations relating to such Borrower, whether made by such Borrower or otherwise; however, Agent and each Lender will attempt to obtain such information or materials directly from such Borrower prior to obtaining such information or materials from such accountants or Governmental Bodies. 
 
 9.19. SEC Reports . Furnish Agent, promptly upon becoming available to Borrowers, any reports, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, registration statements and prospectuses and other shareholder communications, filed by any Borrower with the SEC and not posted to the EDGAR website; provided that Borrowing Agent shall promptly notify Agent of the posting of any such documents to the EDGAR website that are material and not filed in the ordinary course of the Borrowers business. 

9.20. Notice of Material Changes to Accounting . Promptly notify Agent of any material change (i) in accounting treatment and reporting practices (except for changes required by GAAP) or (ii) in tax reporting treatment (except for changes required by law). 

X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : 
 
 10.1. Nonpayment . Failure by any Borrower to pay (a) any principal on the Obligations when due (including without limitation pursuant to Section 2.9), (b) any interest on the Obligations when and as the same shall become due and payable, and any such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) or more Business Days, or (c) any other fee, charge, amount or liability provided for herein or in any Other Document when due, in each case whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, by notice of intention to prepay or by required prepayment. 

10.2. Breach of Representation . Except as provided in Section 10.17, any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Borrower or any Guarantor in this Agreement, any Other Document or any related agreement or in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished at any time in connection herewith or therewith shall prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect on the date when made or deemed to have been made; 

10.3. [Reserved] ; 

10.4. Judicial Actions . Issuance of a notice of Lien, levy, assessment, injunction or attachment 

(a) against any Borrower s Inventory or Receivables or (b) against a material portion of any Borrower s other property which, in either case, is not stayed or lifted within sixty (60) days; 
 
 10.5. Noncompliance . Except as otherwise provided for in Sections 10.1, 10.5(ii), 10.5(iii), and 10.17, (i) failure or neglect of any Borrower or any Guarantor to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition or covenant contained in Sections 4.2, 4.3 or 4.6, Sections 6.5, 6.6 or 6.14, Article VII or Sections 9.2 or 9.5(a) hereof, (ii) failure or neglect of any Borrower or any 

145 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Guarantor to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition or covenant contained in Sections 9.7 or 9.8 hereof, which is not cured within three (3) days after the date when due, or 
 (iii) failure or neglect of any Borrower or any Guarantor or any Person to perform, keep or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant herein contained, or contained in any Other Document or any other agreement or arrangement, now or hereafter entered into between any Borrower or any Guarantor or such Person, and Agent or any Lender, which is not cured within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (x) Agent s delivery of written notice thereof to the Borrowing Agent and (y) any Borrower having obtained knowledge thereof; 
 
 10.6. Judgments . Any (a) judgment or judgments, writ(s), order(s) or decree(s) for the payment of money are rendered against any Borrower or any Guarantor for an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000 or against all Borrowers or Guarantors for an aggregate amount in excess of 

5,000,000 and (b) (i) action shall be legally taken by any judgment creditor to levy upon assets or properties of any Borrower or any Guarantor to enforce any such judgment, (ii) such judgment shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect, or (iii) any Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance of such judgment upon assets or properties of any Borrower or any Guarantor shall be senior to any Liens in favor of Agent on such assets or properties; 
 
 10.7. Bankruptcy . Any Borrower, any Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Borrower shall (i) apply for, consent to or suffer the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar fiduciary of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) admit in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to pay its debts as they become due or cease operations of its present business, (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) commence a voluntary case under any state or federal bankruptcy or receivership laws (as now or hereafter in effect), (v) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent (including by entry of any order for relief in any involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding commenced against it), (vi) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law providing for the relief of debtors, (vii) acquiesce to, or fail to have dismissed, within sixty (60) days, any petition filed against it in any involuntary case under such bankruptcy laws, or (viii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

10.8. Material Adverse Effect . The occurrence of any event or development which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

10.9. Lien Priorit y. Any Lien created hereunder or provided for hereby or under any related agreement, for any reason other than as a result of the action or inaction of Agent or any Lender or Issuer or the release of any Lien in accordance with Section 7.1(b) hereof, ceases to be or is not a valid and perfected Lien having a first priority interest (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances that have priority as a matter of Applicable Law to the extent such Liens only attach to Collateral other than Receivables or Inventory) with respect to Collateral having a value of 5,000,000 or more and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (x) Agent s delivery of written notice thereof to the Borrowing Agent and (y) any Borrower having obtained knowledge thereof; 

146 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

10.10. Cross Default . Either (x) any specified event of default under any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of any Borrower with a then-outstanding principal balance (or, in the case of any Indebtedness not so denominated, with a then-outstanding total obligation amount) of 

5,000,000 or more, or any other event or circumstance which would permit the holder of any such Indebtedness of any Borrower to accelerate such Indebtedness (and/or the obligations of Borrower thereunder) prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, shall occur (regardless of whether the holder of such Indebtedness shall actually accelerate, terminate or otherwise exercise any rights or remedies with respect to such Indebtedness) or (y) a default of the obligations of any Borrower under any other agreement to which it is a party shall occur which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, in each case, unless waived by the holder or counterparty, as applicable; 
 
 10.11. Breach of Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement or Pledge Agreement . Termination or breach of any Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement executed and delivered to Agent in connection with the Obligations of any Borrower, or if any Guarantor or pledgor attempts to terminate, challenges the validity of, or its liability under, any such Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement; 

10.12. Change of Control . Any Change of Control shall occur; 

10.13. Invalidity . Any material provision of this Agreement or any Other Document shall, for any reason, cease to be valid and binding on any Borrower or any Guarantor, or any Borrower or any Guarantor shall so claim in writing to Agent or any Lender or any Borrower challenges the validity of or its liability under this Agreement or any Other Document; 

10.14. Seizures . Any portion of the Collateral having a value of 2,500,000 or more shall be seized, subject to garnishment or taken by a Governmental Body and such seizure shall remain unremedied or undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days; 

10.15. [Reserved] ; 

10.16. Pension Plans . An event or condition specified in Section 7.16 or 9.15 hereof shall occur or exist with respect to any Plan and, as a result of such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall incur, or in the opinion of Agent be reasonably likely to incur, a liability to a Plan or the PBGC (or both) which, in the reasonable judgment of Agent, would have a Material Adverse Effect; or the occurrence of any Termination Event, or any Borrower s failure to immediately report a Termination Event in accordance with Section 9.15 hereof; or 

10.17. Anti-Terrorism Laws . If (i) any representation or warranty contained in (x) Section 16.18 hereof or (y) any corresponding section of any Guaranty is or becomes false or misleading at any time, (ii) any Borrower shall fail to comply with its obligations under Section 16.18 hereof, or 

(iii) any Guarantor shall fail to comply with its obligations under any section of any Guaranty containing provisions comparable to those set forth in Section 16.18 hereof. 

147 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

XI. LENDERS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT. 

11.1. Rights and Remedies. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of: (i) an Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.7 (other than Section 10.7(vii)), all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and this Agreement and the obligation of Lenders to make Advances shall be deemed terminated, (ii) any of the other Events of Default and at any time thereafter, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders all Obligations, by and upon notice to Borrowing Agent, shall be immediately due and payable and Agent or Required Lenders shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and to terminate the obligation of Lenders to make Advances; and (iii) without limiting Section 8.2 hereof, any Default under Sections 10.7(vii) hereof, the obligation of Lenders to make Advances hereunder shall be suspended until such time as such involuntary petition shall be dismissed. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to exercise any and all rights and remedies provided for herein, under the Other Documents, under the Uniform Commercial Code and at law or equity generally, including the right to foreclose the security interests granted herein and to realize upon any Collateral by any available judicial procedure and/or to take possession of and sell any or all of the Collateral with or without judicial process. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Agent may enter any of any Borrower s premises or other premises without legal process and without incurring liability to any Borrower therefor, and Agent may thereupon, or at any time thereafter, in its discretion without notice or demand, take the Collateral and remove the same to such place as Agent may deem advisable and Agent may require Borrowers to make the Collateral available to Agent at a convenient place. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, with or without having the Collateral at the time or place of sale, Agent may sell the Collateral, or any part thereof, at public or private sale, at any time or place, in one or more sales, at such price or prices, and upon such terms, either for cash, credit or future delivery, as Agent may elect. Except as to that part of the Collateral which is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Agent shall give Borrowers reasonable notification of such sale or sales, it being agreed that in all events written notice mailed to Borrowing Agent at least ten (10) days prior to such sale or sales is reasonable notification. At any public sale Agent or any Lender may bid (including credit bid) for and become the purchaser, and Agent, any Lender or any other purchaser at any such sale thereafter shall hold the Collateral sold absolutely free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any equity of redemption and all such claims, rights and equities are hereby expressly waived and released by each Borrower. In connection with the exercise of the foregoing remedies, including the sale of Inventory, Agent is granted a perpetual nonrevocable, royalty free, nonexclusive license and Agent is granted permission to use all of each Borrower s (a) Intellectual Property which is used or useful in connection with Inventory for the purpose of marketing, advertising for sale and selling or otherwise disposing of such Inventory and (b) equipment for the purpose of completing the manufacture of unfinished goods. The cash proceeds realized from the sale of any Collateral shall be applied to the Obligations in the order set forth in Section 11.5 hereof. Noncash proceeds will only be applied to the Obligations as they are converted into cash. If any deficiency shall arise, Borrowers shall remain liable to Agent and Lenders therefor. 

(b) To the extent that Applicable Law imposes duties on Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it is not 

148 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

commercially unreasonable for Agent: (i) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by Agent to prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition; (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of; (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against Customers or other Persons obligated on Collateral or to remove Liens on or any adverse claims against Collateral; (iv) to exercise collection remedies against Customers and other Persons obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists; (v) to advertise dispositions of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (vi) to contact other Persons, whether or not in the same business as any Borrower, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of such Collateral; (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (viii) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capacity of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets; (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets; (x) to disclaim disposition warranties, such as title, possession or quiet enjoyment, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral or to provide to Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Collateral; or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by the Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. Each Borrower acknowledges that the purpose of this Section 11.1(b) is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by Agent would not be commercially unreasonable in Agent s exercise of remedies against the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by Agent shall not be deemed commercially unreasonable solely on account of not being indicated in this Section 11.1(b). Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 11.1(b) shall be construed to grant any rights to any Borrower or to impose any duties on Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by Applicable Law in the absence of this Section 11.1(b). 
 
 11.2. Agent s Discretion . Agent shall have the right in its sole discretion to determine which rights, Liens, security interests or remedies Agent may at any time pursue, relinquish, subordinate, or modify, which procedures, timing and methodologies to employ, and what any other action to take with respect to any or all of the Collateral and in what order, thereto and such determination will not in any way modify or affect any of Agent s or Lenders rights hereunder as against Borrowers or each other. 

11.3. Setoff . Subject to Section 14.13, in addition to any other rights which Agent or any Lender may have under Applicable Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Agent and such Lender shall have a right, immediately and without notice of any kind, to apply any Borrower s property held by Agent and such Lender or any of their Affiliates to reduce the Obligations and to exercise any and all rights of setoff which may be available to Agent and such Lender with respect to any deposits held by Agent or such Lender. 

11.4. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive . The enumeration of the foregoing rights and remedies is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise of any rights or remedy shall not 

149 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

150 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

preclude the exercise of any other right or remedies provided for herein or otherwise provided by law, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
 
 11.5. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all amounts collected or received by Agent on account of the Obligations (including without limitation any amounts on account of any of Cash Management Liabilities or Hedge Liabilities), or in respect of the Collateral may, at Agent s discretion, be paid over or delivered as follows: 

FIRST, to the payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) of Agent in connection with enforcing its rights and the rights of Lenders under this Agreement and the Other Documents, and any Out-of-Formula Loans and Protective Advances funded by Agent with respect to the Collateral under or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 
 
 SECOND, to payment of any fees owed to Agent; 
 
 THIRD, to the payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) of each of the Lenders to the extent owing to such Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 
 
 FOURTH, to the payment of all of the Obligations consisting of accrued interest on account of the Swing Loans; 
 
 FIFTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations consisting of Swing Loans; 
 
 SIXTH, to the payment of all Obligations arising under this Agreement and the Other Documents consisting of accrued fees and interest (other than interest in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FOURTH above); 
 
 SEVENTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations (other than principal in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FIFTH above) arising under this Agreement (including Cash Management Liabilities and Hedge Liabilities) (including the payment or cash collateralization of any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof). 
 
 EIGHTH, to all other Obligations arising under this Agreement which shall have become due and payable (hereunder, under the Other Documents or otherwise) and not repaid pursuant to clauses FIRST through SEVENTH above; 
 
 NINTH, to all other Obligations which shall have become due and payable and not repaid pursuant to clauses FIRST through EIGHTH and 
 
 TENTH, to the payment of the surplus, if any, to whoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. 

151 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

In carrying out the foregoing, (i) amounts received shall be applied in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to application to the next succeeding category; (ii) each of the Lenders shall receive (so long as it is not a Defaulting Lender) an amount equal to its pro rata share (based on the proportion that the then outstanding Advances, Cash Management Liabilities and Hedge Liabilities held by such Lender bears to the aggregate then outstanding Advances, Cash Management Liabilities and Hedge Liabilities) of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses SIXTH , SEVENTH , EIGHTH and TENTH above; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11.5, no Swap Obligations of any Non-Qualifying Party shall be paid with amounts received from such Non-Qualifying Party under its Guaranty (including sums received as a result of the exercise of remedies with respect to such Guaranty) or from the proceeds of such Non-Qualifying Party s Collateral if such Swap Obligations would constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities, provided, however, that to the extent possible appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments and/or the proceeds of Collateral from other Borrowers and/or Guarantors that are Eligible Contract Participants with respect to such Swap Obligations to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 
 11.5; and (iv) to the extent that any amounts available for distribution pursuant to clause SEVENTH above are attributable to the issued but undrawn amount of outstanding Letters of Credit, such amounts shall be held by Agent as cash collateral for the Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3.2(b) hereof and applied (A) first, to reimburse Issuer from time to time for any drawings under such Letters of Credit and (B) then, following the expiration of all Letters of Credit, to all other obligations of the types described in clauses SEVENTH, EIGHTH , NINTH , and TENTH above in the manner provided in this Section 11.5. 
 
 XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS. 

12.1. Waiver of Notice . Each Borrower hereby waives notice of non-payment of any of the Receivables, demand, presentment, protest and notice thereof with respect to any and all instruments, notice of acceptance hereof, notice of loans or advances made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered, or any other action taken in reliance hereon, and all other demands and notices of any description, except such as are expressly provided for herein. 

12.2. Delay . No delay or omission on Agent s or any Lender s part in exercising any right, remedy or option shall operate as a waiver of such or any other right, remedy or option or of any Default or Event of Default. 

12.3. Jury Waiver . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR (B) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH 

152 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

153 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 
 XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION. 

13.1. Term . This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of each Borrower, Agent and each Lender, shall become effective on the date hereof and shall continue in full force and effect until April 2, 2024 (the Term unless sooner terminated as herein provided. Borrowers may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Agent upon payment in full of the Obligations other than in connection with a Change of Control. 

13.2. Termination . The termination of the Agreement shall not affect Agent s or any Lender s rights, or any of the Obligations having their inception prior to the effective date of such termination or any Obligations which pursuant to the terms hereof continue to accrue after such date, and the provisions hereof shall continue to be fully operative until (a) all transactions entered into, rights or interests created and Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid, disposed of, concluded or liquidated, and (b) all Borrowers and all Guarantors have released Secured Parties from and against any and all claims of any nature whatsoever that any Borrower or any Guarantor may have against Secured Parties as of such date, to the extent included in a payoff letter. The security interests, Liens and rights granted to Agent and Lenders hereunder and the financing statements filed hereunder shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the fact that Borrowers Account may from time to time be temporarily in a zero or credit position, until all of the Obligations of each Borrower have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full after the termination of this Agreement or each Borrower has furnished Agent and Lenders with an indemnification satisfactory to Agent and Lenders with respect thereto. Accordingly, each Borrower waives any rights which it may have under the Uniform Commercial Code to demand the filing of termination statements with respect to the Collateral, and Agent shall not be required to send such termination statements to each Borrower, or to file them with any filing office, unless and until this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms and all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in immediately available funds. All representations, warranties, covenants, waivers and agreements contained herein shall survive termination hereof until all Obligations are indefeasibly paid and performed in full. 

XIV. REGARDING AGENT. 

14.1. Appointment . Each Lender hereby designates PNC to act as Agent for such Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the Other Documents and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and Agent shall hold all Collateral, payments of principal and interest, fees (except the fees set forth in Sections 2.8(b), 3.3(a) and 3.4), charges 

154 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

and collections received pursuant to this Agreement, for the ratable benefit of Lenders. Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its agents or employees. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement (including collection of the Notes) Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of Required Lenders, and such instructions shall be binding; provided, however, that Agent shall not be required to take any action which, in Agent s discretion, exposes Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or the Other Documents or Applicable Law unless Agent is furnished with an indemnification reasonably satisfactory to Agent with respect thereto. 
 
 14.2. Nature of Duties . Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents. Neither Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted by them as such hereunder or in connection herewith, unless caused by their gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment), or (ii) responsible in any manner for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement, or in any of the Other Documents or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, due execution, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement, or any of the Other Documents or for any failure of any Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder. Agent shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Borrower. The duties of Agent as respects the Advances to Borrowers shall be mechanical and administrative in nature; Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender; and nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement or the transactions described herein except as expressly set forth herein. 

14.3. Lack of Reliance on Agent . Independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, each Lender has made and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of each Borrower and each Guarantor in connection with the making and the continuance of the Advances hereunder and the taking or not taking of any action in connection herewith, and (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Borrower and each Guarantor. Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before making of the Advances or at any time or times thereafter except as shall be provided by any Borrower pursuant to the terms hereof. Agent shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any agreement, document, certificate or a statement delivered in connection with or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any Other Document, or of the financial condition of any Borrower or any Guarantor, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement, the Notes, the Other Documents 

155 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

or the financial condition or prospects of any Borrower, or the existence of any Event of Default or any Default. 
 
 14.4. Resignation of Agent; Successor Agent . Agent may resign on sixty (60) days written notice to each Lender and Borrowing Agent and upon such resignation, Required Lenders will promptly designate a successor Agent reasonably satisfactory to Borrowers (provided that no such approval by Borrowers shall be required (i) in any case where the successor Agent is one of the Lenders or (ii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default). Any such successor Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Agent, and shall in particular succeed to all of Agent s right, title and interest in and to all of the Liens in the Collateral securing the Obligations created hereunder or any Other Document (including the Pledge Agreement and all account control agreements), and the term Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Agent s rights, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of the effectiveness of the new Agent s appointment, any further actions need to be taken in order to provide for the legally binding and valid transfer of any Liens in the Collateral from former Agent to new Agent and/or for the perfection of any Liens in the Collateral as held by new Agent or it is otherwise not then possible for new Agent to become the holder of a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien as to any of the Collateral, former Agent shall continue to hold such Liens solely as agent for perfection of such Liens on behalf of new Agent until such time as new Agent can obtain a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien on all Collateral, provided that Agent shall not be required to or have any liability or responsibility to take any further actions after such date as such agent for perfection to continue the perfection of any such Liens (other than to forego from taking any affirmative action to release any such Liens). After any Agent s resignation as Agent, the provisions of this Article XIV, and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement (and in the event resigning Agent continues to hold any Liens pursuant to the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, the provisions of this Article XIV and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such Liens). 

14.5. Certain Rights of Agent . If Agent shall request instructions from Lenders with respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any Other Document, Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until Agent shall have received instructions from Required Lenders; and Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, Lenders shall not have any right of action whatsoever against Agent as a result of its acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of Required Lenders. 

14.6. Reliance . Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, email, facsimile, telex, teletype or telecopier message, cablegram, order or other document or telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person or entity, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to this Agreement and the Other Documents and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. Agent may employ agents and 

156 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

157 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

attorneys-in-fact and shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by Agent with reasonable care. 
 
 14.7. Notice of Default . Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder or under the Other Documents, unless Agent has received notice from a Lender or Borrowing Agent referring to this Agreement or the Other Documents, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that Agent receives such a notice, Agent shall give notice thereof to Lenders. Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by Required Lenders; provided, that, unless and until Agent shall have received such directions, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of Lenders. 

14.8. Indemnification . To the extent Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by Borrowers, each Lender will reimburse and indemnify Agent in proportion to its respective portion of the outstanding Advances and its respective Participation Commitments in the outstanding Letters of Credit and outstanding Swing Loans (or, if no Advances are outstanding, pro rata according to the percentage that its Revolving Commitment Amount constitutes the total aggregate Revolving Commitment Amounts), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent in performing its duties hereunder, or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from Agent s gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment). 

14.9. Agent in its Individual Capacity . With respect to the obligation of Agent to lend under this Agreement, the Advances made by it shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Lender and as if it were not performing the duties as Agent specified herein; and the term Lender or any similar term shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender. Agent may engage in business with any Borrower as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from any Borrower for services in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having to account for the same to Lenders. 

14.10. Delivery of Documents . To the extent Agent receives financial statements required under Sections 9.7 and 9.8 or Borrowing Base Certificates from any Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement which any Borrower is not obligated to deliver to each Lender, Agent will promptly furnish such documents and information to Lenders. 

14.11. Borrowers Undertaking to Agent . Without prejudice to their respective obligations to Lenders under the other provisions of this Agreement, each Borrower hereby undertakes with Agent to pay to Agent from time to time on demand all amounts from time to time due and payable by it for the account of Agent or Lenders or any of them pursuant to this Agreement to the extent not already paid. Any payment made pursuant to any such demand shall pro tanto 

158 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

159 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

satisfy the relevant Borrower s obligations to make payments for the account of Lenders or the relevant one or more of them pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 14.12. No Reliance on Agent s Customer Identification Program . To the extent the Advances or this Agreement is, or becomes, syndicated in cooperation with other Lenders, each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on Agent to carry out such Lender's, Affiliate's, participant's or assignee's customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended or replaced, the CIP Regulations ), or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of Borrowers, their Affiliates or their agents, the Other Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby: (i) any identity verification procedures, (ii) any recordkeeping, (iii) comparisons with government lists, (iv) customer notices or (v) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

14.13. Other Agreements . Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is lawfully entitled to do so, upon the request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Borrower or any deposit accounts of any Borrower now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, each of the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so by Agent, take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or the Other Documents, it being the intent of Lenders that any such action to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement and the Other Documents shall be taken in concert and at the direction or with the consent of Agent or Required Lenders. 

XV. BORROWING AGENCY. 

15.1. Borrowing Agency Provisions. 

(a) Each Borrower hereby irrevocably designates Borrowing Agent to be its attorney and agent and in such capacity to (i) borrow, (ii) request advances, (iii) request the issuance of Letters of Credit, (iv) sign and endorse notes, (v) execute and deliver all instruments, documents, applications, security agreements, reimbursement agreements and letter of credit agreements for Letters of Credit and all other certificates, notice, writings and further assurances now or hereafter required hereunder, (vi) make elections regarding interest rates, (vii) give instructions regarding Letters of Credit and agree with Issuer upon any amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit and (viii) otherwise take action under and in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, all on behalf of and in the name such Borrower or Borrowers, and hereby authorizes Agent to pay over or credit all loan proceeds hereunder in accordance with the request of Borrowing Agent. 

(b) The handling of this credit facility as a co-borrowing facility with a borrowing agent in the manner set forth in this Agreement is solely as an accommodation to Borrowers and at their request. Neither Agent nor any Lender shall incur liability to Borrowers as a result thereof. To induce Agent and Lenders to do so and in consideration thereof, each Borrower hereby indemnifies Agent and each Lender and holds Agent and each Lender harmless from and against 

160 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

161 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

any and all liabilities, expenses, losses, damages and claims of damage or injury asserted against Agent or any Lender by any Person arising from or incurred by reason of the handling of the financing arrangements of Borrowers as provided herein, reliance by Agent or any Lender on any request or instruction from Borrowing Agent or any other action taken by Agent or any Lender with respect to this Section 15.1 except due to willful misconduct or gross (not mere) negligence by the indemnified party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment). 
 
 (c) All Obligations shall be joint and several, and each Borrower shall make payment upon the maturity of the Obligations by acceleration or otherwise, and such obligation and liability on the part of each Borrower shall in no way be affected by any extensions, renewals and forbearance granted by Agent or any Lender to any Borrower, failure of Agent or any Lender to give any Borrower notice of borrowing or any other notice, any failure of Agent or any Lender to pursue or preserve its rights against any Borrower, the release by Agent or any Lender of any Collateral now or thereafter acquired from any Borrower, and such agreement by each Borrower to pay upon any notice issued pursuant thereto is unconditional and unaffected by prior recourse by Agent or any Lender to the other Borrowers or any Collateral for such Borrower s Obligations or the lack thereof. Each Borrower waives all suretyship defenses. 

15.2. Waiver of Subrogation . Each Borrower expressly waives any and all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution of any other claim which such Borrower may now or hereafter have against the other Borrowers or any other Person directly or contingently liable for the Obligations hereunder, or against or with respect to any other Borrowers property (including, without limitation, any property which is Collateral for the Obligations), arising from the existence or performance of this Agreement, until termination of this Agreement and repayment in full of the Obligations. 

XVI. MISCELLANEOUS. 

16.1. Governing Law . This Agreement and each Other Document (unless and except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in any such Other Document), and all matters relating hereto or thereto or arising herefrom or therefrom (whether arising under contract law, tort law or otherwise) shall, in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Any judicial proceeding brought by or against any Borrower with respect to any of the Obligations, this Agreement, the Other Documents or any related agreement may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York, United States of America, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Borrower accepts for itself and in connection with its properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, and irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of Agent or any Lender to bring proceedings against any Borrower in the courts of any other jurisdiction where any of the Collateral is located. Each Borrower waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder in the State of New York or any state in which any of the Collateral is located and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens in any such state. Any judicial proceeding by any Borrower against Agent or any Lender involving, directly or 

162 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

163 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

indirectly, any matter or claim in any way arising out of, related to or connected with this Agreement or any related agreement, shall be brought only in a federal or state court located in the County of New York, State of New York. 
 
 16.2. Entire Understanding . 

(a) This Agreement and the documents executed concurrently herewith contain the entire understanding between each Borrower, Agent and each Lender and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. Any promises, representations, warranties or guarantees not herein contained and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless in writing, signed by each Borrower s, Agent s and each Lender s respective officers. Neither this Agreement nor any portion or provisions hereof may be changed, modified, amended, waived, supplemented, discharged, cancelled or terminated orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing, signed by the party to be charged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent may modify this Agreement or any of the Other Documents for the purposes of completing missing content of a non-material, administrative nature or correcting erroneous content of a non-material, administrative nature, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Agent shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrowers and each Lender (which copy may be provided by electronic mail). Each Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in connection with the execution of this Agreement and Other Documents and is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 

(b) Required Lenders, Agent with the consent in writing of Required Lenders, and Borrowers may, subject to the provisions of this Section 16.2(b), from time to time enter into written supplemental agreements to this Agreement or the Other Documents executed by Borrowers, for the purpose of adding or deleting any provisions or otherwise changing, varying or waiving in any manner the rights of Lenders, Agent or Borrowers thereunder or the conditions, provisions or terms thereof or waiving any Event of Default thereunder, but only to the extent specified in such written agreements; provided, however, that no such supplemental agreement shall: 

(i) increase the Revolving Commitment Percentage, or the maximum dollar amount of the Revolving Commitment Amount of any Lender without the consent of such Lender directly affected thereby; 

(ii) whether or not any Advances are outstanding, extend the time for payment of principal or interest of any Advance (excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of an Advance), or any fee payable to any Lender, or reduce the principal amount of or the rate of interest borne by any Advances or reduce any fee payable to any Lender, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that Required Lenders may elect to waive or rescind any imposition of the Default Rate under Section 3.1 or of default rates of Letter of Credit fees under Section 3.2 (unless imposed by Agent)); 

(iii) increase the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount without the consent of all Lenders holding a Revolving Commitment; 

164 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(iv) alter the definition of the term Required Lenders or alter, amend or modify this Section 16.2(b) without the consent of all Lenders; 

(v) alter, amend or modify the provisions of Section 11.5 without the 

consent of all Lenders; 
 
 (vi) release any Collateral during any calendar year (other than in 

accordance with the provisions of this Agreement) having an aggregate value in excess of 
 3,000,000 without the consent of all Lenders; 
 
 (vii) change the rights and duties of Agent without the consent of all 

Lenders; 
 
 (viii) subject to clause (e) below, permit any Revolving Advance to be 

made if after giving effect thereto the total of Revolving Advances outstanding hereunder would exceed, if applicable, the Formula Amount for more than sixty (60) consecutive Business Days or exceed one hundred and ten percent (110 of, if applicable, the Formula Amount without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
 
 (ix) increase the Advance Rates above the Advance Rates in effect on the Closing Date without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; or 

(x) release any Guarantor or Borrower without the consent of all 

Lenders. 
 
 (c) Any such supplemental agreement shall apply equally to each Lender and shall be binding upon Borrowers, Lenders and Agent and all future holders of the Obligations. In the case of any waiver, Borrowers, Agent and Lenders shall be restored to their former positions and rights, and any Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, but no waiver of a specific Event of Default shall extend to any subsequent Event of Default (whether or not the subsequent Event of Default is the same as the Event of Default which was waived), or impair any right consequent thereon. 

(d) In the event that Agent requests the consent of a Lender pursuant to this Section 16.2 and such consent is denied, then Agent may, at its option, require such Lender to assign its interest in the Advances to Agent or to another Lender or to any other Person designated by Agent (the Designated Lender ), for a price equal to (i) the then outstanding principal amount thereof plus 

(ii) accrued and unpaid interest and fees due such Lender, which interest and fees shall be paid when collected from Borrowers. In the event Agent elects to require any Lender to assign its interest to Agent or to the Designated Lender, Agent will so notify such Lender in writing within forty five (45) days following such Lender s denial, and such Lender will assign its interest to Agent or the Designated Lender no later than five (5) days following receipt of such notice pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement executed by such Lender, Agent or the Designated Lender, as appropriate, and Agent. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or 

165 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, Agent may at its discretion and without the consent of any Lender, voluntarily permit the outstanding Revolving Advances at any time to exceed an amount equal to, if applicable, the Formula Amount by up to ten percent (10 of the Formula Amount for up to sixty (60) consecutive Business Days (the Out-of-Formula Loans ). If Agent is willing in its sole and absolute discretion to permit such Out-of-Formula Loans, Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments shall be obligated to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and such Out-of-Formula Loans shall be payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Default Rate for Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans; provided that, if Agent does permit Out-of-Formula Loans, neither Agent nor Lenders shall be deemed thereby to have changed the limits of Section 2.1(a) nor shall any Lender be obligated to fund Revolving Advances in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount. For purposes of this paragraph, the discretion granted to Agent hereunder shall not preclude involuntary overadvances that may result from time to time due to the fact that the Formula Amount was unintentionally exceeded for any reason, including, but not limited to, Collateral previously deemed to be either Eligible Receivables , Eligible Insured Foreign Receivables , Eligible Inventory , or Eligible Machinery and Equipment , as applicable, becomes ineligible, collections of Receivables applied to reduce outstanding Revolving Advances are thereafter returned for insufficient funds or overadvances are made to protect or preserve the Collateral. In the event Agent involuntarily permits the outstanding Revolving Advances to exceed, if applicable, the Formula Amount by more than ten percent (10 ), Agent shall use its efforts to have Borrowers decrease such excess in as expeditious a manner as is practicable under the circumstances and not inconsistent with the reason for such excess. Revolving Advances made after Agent has determined the existence of involuntary overadvances shall be deemed to be involuntary overadvances and shall be decreased in accordance with the preceding sentence. To the extent any Out-of-Formula Loans are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(e), Agent may elect in its discretion to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans and any such Out-of-Formula Loans so funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender holding a Revolving Commitment under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 16.2(e) shall only apply to Revolving Advances extended during a Borrowing Base Period. 
 
 (f) In addition to (and not in substitution of) the discretionary Revolving Advances permitted above in this Section 16.2, Agent is hereby authorized by Borrowers and Lenders, at any time in Agent s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make Revolving Advances to Borrowers on behalf of Lenders which Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (a) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (b) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Advances and other Obligations, or (c) to pay any other amount chargeable to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (the Protective Advances ). Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments shall be obligated to fund such Protective Advances and effect a settlement with 

166 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(f), any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender holding a Revolving Commitment under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. 
 
 16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders. 

(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrowers, Agent, each Lender, all future holders of the Obligations and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Borrower may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Agent and each Lender. 

(b) Each Borrower acknowledges that in the regular course of commercial banking business one or more Lenders may at any time and from time to time sell participating interests in the Advances to other Persons (each such transferee or purchaser of a participating interest, a Participant ). Each Participant may exercise all rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to the portion of such Advances held by it or other Obligations payable hereunder as fully as if such Participant were the direct holder thereof provided that (i) Borrowers shall not be required to pay to any Participant more than the amount which it would have been required to pay to Lender which granted an interest in its Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to such Participant had such Lender retained such interest in the Advances hereunder or other Obligations payable hereunder unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Borrower s prior written consent, and (ii) in no event shall Borrowers be required to pay any such amount arising from the same circumstances and with respect to the same Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to both such Lender and such Participant. Each Borrower hereby grants to any Participant a continuing security interest in any deposits, moneys or other property actually or constructively held by such Participant as security for the Participant s interest in the Advances. 

(c) Any Lender, with the consent of Agent, may sell, assign or transfer all or any part of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances under this Agreement and the Other Documents to one or more additional Persons and one or more additional Persons may commit to make Advances hereunder (each a Purchasing Lender ), in minimum amounts of not less than 5,000,000, pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement, executed by a Purchasing Lender, the transferor Lender, and Agent and delivered to Agent for recording, provided, however, that each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to each of the Revolving Advances under this Agreement in which such Lender has an interest. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing Lender thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder with a Revolving Commitment Percentage as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations 

167 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

under this Agreement, the Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Borrower hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentage arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Borrowers shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing. 
 
 (d) Any Lender, with the consent of Agent which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, may directly or indirectly sell, assign or transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances under this Agreement and the Other Documents to an entity, whether a corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity that (i) is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) is administered, serviced or managed by the assigning Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender (a Purchasing CLO and together with each Participant and Purchasing Lender, each a Transferee and collectively the Transferees ), pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement modified as appropriate to reflect the interest being assigned Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement ), executed by any intermediate purchaser, the Purchasing CLO, the transferor Lender, and Agent as appropriate and delivered to Agent for recording. Upon such execution and delivery, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing CLO thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement, the Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing CLO.	Each Borrower hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing CLO.	Borrowers shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing. 

(e) Agent, acting as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrowers, shall maintain at its address a copy of each Commitment Transfer Supplement and Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other fees due hereunder. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and each Borrower, Agent and Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Advance recorded therein for the purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrowing Agent or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Agent shall receive a fee in the amount of 3,500 payable by the applicable Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO upon the 

168 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

effective date of each transfer or assignment (other than to an intermediate purchaser) to such Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO. 
 
 (f) Each Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lender s possession concerning such Borrower which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of such Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of such Borrower. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may at any time and from time to time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

16.4. Application of Payments . Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply or reverse and re-apply any payment and any and all proceeds of Collateral to any portion of the Obligations. To the extent that any Borrower makes a payment or Agent or any Lender receives any payment or proceeds of the Collateral for any Borrower s benefit, which are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy law, common law or equitable cause, then, to such extent, the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Agent or such Lender. 

16.5. Indemnity . Each Borrower shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless Agent, Issuer, each Lender and each of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, attorneys, employees and agents (each an Indemnified Party for and from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, fines, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of counsel (including allocated costs of internal counsel)) (collectively, Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party in arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of: (i) this Agreement, the Other Documents, the Advances and other Obligations and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (ii) any action or failure to act or action taken only after delay or the satisfaction of any conditions by any Indemnified Party in connection with and/or relating to the negotiation, execution, delivery or administration of the Agreement and the Other Documents, the credit facilities established hereunder and thereunder and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (iii) any Borrower s or any Guarantor s failure to observe, perform or discharge any of its covenants, obligations, agreements or duties under or breach of any of the representations or warranties made in this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iv) the enforcement of any of the rights and remedies of Agent, Issuer or any Lender under the Agreement and the Other Documents, (v) any threatened or actual imposition of fines or penalties, or disgorgement of benefits, for violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law by any Borrower, any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Borrowers, or any Guarantor, and (vi) any claim, litigation, proceeding or investigation instituted or conducted by any Governmental Body or instrumentality or any other Person with respect to any aspect of, or any transaction 

169 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

170 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

contemplated by, or referred to in, or any matter related to, this Agreement or the Other Documents, whether or not Agent or any Lender is a party thereto.	Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing, each Borrower shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless each Indemnified Party from (x) any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder and (y) any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party under any Environmental Laws with respect to or in connection with the Real Property, any Hazardous Discharge, the presence of any Hazardous Materials affecting the Real Property (whether or not the same originates or emerges from the Real Property or any contiguous real estate), including any Claims consisting of or relating to the imposition or assertion of any Lien on any of the Real Property under any Environmental Laws and any loss of value of the Real Property as a result of the foregoing except to the extent such loss, liability, damage and expense is attributable to any Hazardous Discharge resulting from actions on the part of Agent or any Lender. Borrowers obligations under this Section 16.5 shall arise upon the discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Materials at the Real Property, whether or not any federal, state, or local environmental agency has taken or threatened any action in connection with the presence of any Hazardous Materials.	Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this indemnity shall extend to any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of counsel) asserted against or incurred by any of the Indemnified Parties by any Person under any Environmental Laws or similar laws by reason of any Borrower s or any other Person s failure to comply with laws applicable to solid or hazardous waste materials, including Hazardous Materials and Hazardous Waste, or other Toxic Substances. Additionally, if any taxes (excluding taxes imposed upon or measured solely by the net income of Agent and Lenders, but including any intangibles taxes, stamp tax, recording tax or franchise tax) shall be payable by Agent, Lenders or Borrowers on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement, or the execution, delivery, issuance or recording of any of the Other Documents, or the creation or repayment of any of the Obligations hereunder, by reason of any Applicable Law now or hereafter in effect, Borrowers will pay (or will promptly reimburse Agent and Lenders for payment of) all such taxes, including interest and penalties thereon, and will indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against all liability in connection therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers will have no obligations to any Indemnified Party under this Section 16.5 to the extent that any Claim arises out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment). 
 
 16.6. Notice . Any notice or request hereunder may be given to Borrowing Agent or any Borrower or to Agent or any Lender at their respective addresses set forth below or at such other address as may hereafter be specified in a notice designated as a notice of change of address under this Section. Any notice, request, demand, direction or other communication (for purposes of this Section 16.6 only, a Notice to be given to or made upon any party hereto under any provision of this Agreement shall be given or made by telephone or in writing (which includes by means of electronic transmission (i.e., e-mail or facsimile transmission or by setting forth such Notice on a website to which Borrowers are directed (an Internet Posting if Notice of such Internet Posting (including the information necessary to access such site) has previously 

171 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

been delivered to the applicable parties hereto by another means set forth in this Section 16.6) in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any such Notice must be delivered to the applicable parties hereto at the addresses and numbers set forth under their respective names on Section 16.6 hereof or in accordance with any subsequent unrevoked Notice from any such party that is given in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any Notice shall be effective: 
 
 (a) In the case of hand-delivery, when delivered; 

(b) If given by mail, four (4) days after such Notice is deposited with the United States Postal Service, with first-class postage prepaid, return receipt requested; 

(c) In the case of a telephonic Notice, when a party is contacted by telephone, if delivery of such telephonic Notice is confirmed no later than the next Business Day by hand delivery, a facsimile or electronic transmission, an Internet Posting or an overnight courier delivery of a confirmatory Notice (received at or before noon on such next Business Day); 

(d) In the case of a facsimile transmission, when sent to the applicable party s facsimile machine s telephone number, if the party sending such Notice receives confirmation of the delivery thereof from its own facsimile machine; 

(e) In the case of electronic transmission, when actually received; 

(f) In the case of an Internet Posting, upon delivery of a Notice of such posting (including the information necessary to access such site) by another means set forth in this Section 16.6; and 

(g) If given by any other means (including by overnight courier), when actually received. 

Any Lender giving a Notice to Borrowing Agent or any Borrower shall concurrently send a copy thereof to Agent, and Agent shall promptly notify the other Lenders of its receipt of such Notice. 
 
 (A) If to Agent or PNC at: 

PNC Bank, National Association 609 Main Street, Suite 2700 
 Houston, Texas 77002 Attention:	 Andrea Kinnik Telephone:	(713) 658-3954 
 
 with a copy to: 
 
 Blank Rome LLP 130 North 18 th Street 
 Philadelphia, PA 19103 
 Attention: Heather Sonnenberg, Esquire Telephone: (215) 569-5701 
 Facsimile: (215) 832-5701 

172 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

(B) If to a Lender other than Agent, as specified on the signature pages hereof 

(C) If to Borrowing Agent or any Borrower: Vital Farms, Inc. 

3601 S. Congress Avenue, Suite C-100 Austin, Texas 78704 
 Attention: Bo Meissner Telephone: (512) 969-6948 
 
 with a copy to: 
 
 Integral Business Counsel, PLLC 3826 Delashmutt Drive 
 Haymarket, VA 20169 Attention: Michael W. Kardash Telephone: 703-244-2514 
 Facsimile: 866-612-3037 
 
 16.7. Survival . The obligations of Borrowers under Sections 2.2(f), 2.2(g), 2.2(h), 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 16.5 and 16.9 and the obligations of Lenders under Sections 2.2, 2.15(b), 2.16, 2.18, 2.19, 

14.8 and 16.5, shall survive termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents and payment in full of the Obligations. 
 
 16.8. Severability . If any part of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. 

16.9. Expenses . Borrowers shall pay (i) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for Agent), in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof, (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent, any Lender or Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for Agent, any Lender or Issuer) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, including its rights under this Sections 3.4(b) and 4.7, or 

(B) in connection with the Advances made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit, and (iv) subject to the limitations set forth in Sections 3.4(b) and 4.7, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Agent s regular employees and agents engaged periodically to perform audits of any Borrower s or any Subsidiary s books, records and business properties. 

173 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

16.10. Injunctive Relief . Each Borrower recognizes that, in the event any Borrower fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or liabilities under this Agreement, or threatens to fail to perform, observe or discharge such obligations or liabilities, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to Lenders; therefore, Agent, if Agent so requests, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving that actual damages are not an adequate remedy. 

16.11. Consequential Damages . Neither Agent nor any Lender, nor any agent or attorney for any of them, shall be liable to any Borrower, or any Guarantor (or any Affiliate of any such Person) for indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages arising from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong relating to the establishment, administration or collection of the Obligations or as a result of any transaction contemplated under this Agreement or any Other Document. Neither Borrowing Agent nor any Borrower, nor any agent or attorney for any of them, shall be liable to Agent, any Lender or any Issuer (or any Affiliate of such Person) for indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages arising from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong relating to or as a result of any transaction contemplated under this Agreement or any Other Document. 

16.12. Captions . The captions at various places in this Agreement are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be interpreted as part of this Agreement. 

16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. 

16.14. Construction . The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel have reviewed this Agreement and that the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any amendments, schedules or exhibits thereto. 

16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information . Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall hold all non-public information obtained by Agent, such Lender or such Transferee pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement in accordance with Agent s, such Lender s and such Transferee s customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided, however, Agent, each Lender and each Transferee may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, Affiliates, outside auditors, counsel and other professional advisors, (b) to Agent, any Lender or to any prospective Transferees, (c) in connection with an exercise of secured creditor rights hereunder, (d) as required or requested by any Governmental Body or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided, further that (i) unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law, Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall use its reasonable best efforts prior to disclosure thereof, to notify the applicable Borrower of the applicable request for disclosure of such non-public information (A) by a Governmental Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of a Lender or a Transferee by such Governmental Body) or (B) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall Agent, any Lender or any Transferee be obligated to return 

174 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

175 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

any materials furnished by any Borrower other than those documents and instruments in possession of Agent or any Lender in order to perfect its Lien on the Collateral once the Obligations have been paid in full and this Agreement has been terminated. Each Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to such Borrower or one or more of its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more Subsidiaries or Affiliates of such Lender and each Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by such Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender, it being understood that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Lender receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 16.15 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any non-disclosure agreement or similar document executed by Agent in favor of any Borrower or any of any Borrower s affiliates, the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede such agreements. 
 
 16.16. Publicity . Each Borrower and each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement entered into among Borrowers, Agent and Lenders, including announcements which are commonly known as tombstones, in such publications and to such selected parties as Borrowers shall approve in advance. 

16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act. 

(a) Each Lender or assignee or participant of a Lender that is not incorporated under the Laws of the United States of America or a state thereof (and is not excepted from the certification requirement contained in Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations because it is both (i) an affiliate of a depository institution or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United States or foreign country, and (ii) subject to supervision by a banking authority regulating such affiliated depository institution or foreign bank) shall deliver to the Agent the certification, or, if applicable, recertification, certifying that such Lender is not a shell and certifying to other matters as required by Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations: (1) within ten (10) days after the Closing Date, and (2) as such other times as are required under the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(b) The USA PATRIOT Act requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record certain information that identifies individuals or business entities which open an account with such financial institution. Consequently, Lender may from time to time request, and each Borrower shall provide to Lender, such Borrower's name, address, tax identification number and/or such other identifying information as shall be necessary for Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and any other Anti-Terrorism Law. 

16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws . 

(a) Each Borrower represents and warrants that (i) no Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person and (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, (A) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) does business in or with, or derives any of its income 

176 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

177 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; or (C) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 (b) Each Borrower covenants and agrees that (i) no Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person, (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, will (A) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (C) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (D) use the Advances to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (iii) the funds used to repay the Obligations will not be derived from any unlawful activity, (iv) each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws and (v) the Borrowers shall promptly notify the Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event. 

130 
 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

Each of the parties has signed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 VITAL FARMS, INC. 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

VITAL FARMS OF MISSOURI, LLC 
 
 By its Member: Vital Farms, Inc. 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

VITAL FARMS, LLC 
 
 By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

SAGEBRUSH FOODSERVICE, LLC 
 
 By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

BARN DOOR FARMS, LLC 
 
 By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Signature Page to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement] 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

BACKYARD EGGS, LLC 
 
 By its Manager: Vital Farms, Inc. 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Signature Page to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement] 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 As Lender and as Agent 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Revolving Commitment Percentage: 100 Revolving Commitment Amount 20,000,000 
 
 [Signature Page to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement] 
 074658.17075/130087235v.1 074658.17075/130087235v.8 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 vitl-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Vital Farms of Missouri, LLC 
 Missouri 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 vitl-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-264690, No. 333-254643 and No. 333-240258) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 9, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and related notes of Vital Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Austin, Texas 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 vitl-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Russell Diez-Canseco, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vital Farms, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Russell Diez-Canseco 

Russell Diez-Canseco 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 vitl-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bo Meissner, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vital Farms, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Bo Meissner 

Bo Meissner 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 vitl-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Russell Diez-Canseco, President and Chief Executive Officer of Vital Farms, Inc. (the Company ), and Bo Meissner, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 9, 2023 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 9th day of March, 2023. 

/s/ Russell Diez-Canseco 
 
 /s/ Bo Meissner 

Russell Diez-Canseco 
 
 Bo Meissner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Vital Farms, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 vitl-20221225.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 vitl-20221225_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 vitl-20221225_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 vitl-20221225_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 24
 vitl-20221225_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

