<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1043337_0001043337-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15324863</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336883</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2506458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5179827</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3711913</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3332437</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001043337-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302140321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001043337-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STONERIDGE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001043337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				341598949
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13337
		FILM NUMBER:		23697952

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39675 MACKENZIE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NOVI
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48377
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2484899300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39675 MACKENZIE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NOVI
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48377

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001043337-23-000013.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 sri-20221231.htm
 10-K

sri-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______. 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o o o 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million. The closing price of the Common Shares on June 30, 2021 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was 17.15 per share. As of June 30, 2022, the number of Common Shares outstanding was 27,317,604. 
 The number of Common Shares outstanding as of February 24, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Information about our Executive Officers of the Company 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 14 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 73 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 73 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 75 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 75 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 75 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 76 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 
 76 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 79 
 Signatures 
 80 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Portions of this report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements appear in a number of places in this report and may include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, with respect to, among other things, our (i) future product and facility expansion, (ii) acquisition strategy, (iii) investments and new product development, (iv) growth opportunities related to awarded business and (v) operational expectations. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the words will, may, should, designed to, believes, plans, projects, intends, expects, estimates, anticipates, continue, and similar words and expressions. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors: 
 the ability of our suppliers to supply us with parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis, including the impact of potential tariffs and trade considerations on their operations and output; 
 fluctuations in the cost and availability of key materials (including semiconductors, printed circuit boards, resin, aluminum, steel and copper) and components and our ability to offset cost increases through negotiated price increases with our customers or other cost reduction actions, as necessary; 
 global economic trends, competition and geopolitical risks, including impacts from the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions and other measures, or an escalation of sanctions, tariffs or other trade tensions between the U.S. and China or other countries; 
 our ability to achieve cost reductions that offset or exceed customer-mandated selling price reductions; 
 the impact of COVID-19, or other future pandemics, on the global economy, and on our customers, suppliers, employees, business and cash flows; 
 the reduced purchases, loss or bankruptcy of a major customer or supplier; 
 the costs and timing of business realignment, facility closures or similar actions; 
 a significant change in automotive, commercial, off-highway or agricultural vehicle production; 
 competitive market conditions and resulting effects on sales and pricing; 
 foreign currency fluctuations and our ability to mange those impacts; 
 customer acceptance of new products; 
 our ability to successfully launch/produce products for awarded business; 
 adverse changes in laws, government regulations or market conditions, including tariffs, affecting our products or our customers products; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and successfully defend against assertions made against us; 
 liabilities arising from warranty claims, product recall or field actions, product liability and legal proceedings to which we are or may become a party, or the impact of product recall or field actions on our customers; 
 labor disruptions at our facilities or at any of our significant customers or suppliers; 
 business disruptions due to natural disasters or other disasters outside of our control; 
 the amount of our indebtedness and the restrictive covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, including our revolving Credit Facility; 
 capital availability or costs, including changes in interest rates or market perceptions; 
 the failure to achieve the successful integration of any acquired company or business; 
 risks related to a failure of our information technology systems and networks, and risks associated with current and emerging technology threats and damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, cyber-attack and other similar disruptions; and 
 the items described in Part I, Item IA Risk Factors ). 
 The forward-looking statements contained herein represent our estimates only as of the date of this filing and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, whether to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions, changes in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements or otherwise. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Founded in 1965, Stoneridge, Inc. (the Company is a global designer and manufacturer of highly engineered electrical and electronic systems, components and modules for the automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets. Our products and systems are critical elements in the management of systems to improve overall vehicle performance, convenience and monitoring in areas such as safety and security, intelligence, efficiency and emissions. Our worldwide footprint is primarily comprised of 21 locations in 11 countries and enables us to supply global automotive, commercial, off-highway, agricultural and other vehicle markets. 
 Our custom-engineered products and systems are used to activate equipment and accessories, monitor and display vehicle performance and control, distribute electrical power and signals and provide vehicle safety, security and convenience. Our product offerings consist of actuators, sensors, switches and connectors, driver information systems, vision and safety systems, connectivity and compliance products, electronic control units, vehicle tracking devices and monitoring services, vehicle security alarms and convenience accessories, in-vehicle audio and infotainment devices and telematics solutions. We supply the majority of our products, predominantly on a sole-source basis, to many of the world s leading automotive and commercial vehicle original equipment manufacturers OEMs and select non-vehicle OEMs, as well as certain automotive and commercial vehicle Tier 1 suppliers. Our customers are increasingly utilizing electronic technology to comply with more stringent regulations (particularly emissions and safety) and to meet end-user demand for improved vehicle performance and greater convenience. As a result of this trend, per-vehicle electronic content has been increasing. Our technology and our partnership-oriented approach to product design and development enables us to develop next-generation products and systems aligned with these trends. 
 Beginning with the divestiture of our wiring business in 2014, we accelerated a shift in our product portfolio towards smart products, or those products that contain embedded electronics or logic. While the wiring business was our largest single business, based on revenues and employees, and the business that the Company was founded on, its products were largely commodities that did not provide a technology platform to drive our expected future growth. In addition to the divestiture of the wiring business, we deployed capital in 2017 to make strategic investments including the acquisition of Orlaco, our partner on the development of MirrorEye, our camera-based vision system, and the acquisition of 100 percent of our Stoneridge Brazil business. In 2019, the Company s Control Devices segment sold its non-core switches and connectors business (the Non-core Products and in 2020 announced the strategic exit of our PM sensor business to further align with our strategic plan. These activities have acted as a catalyst for the advancement of our smart product portfolio, increasing our smart content from just over 50 of our sales in 2014 to almost 78 of our sales in 2022. Our product portfolio shift focuses on the megatrends driving the transportation industry. 
 In January 2019, the Company committed to a restructuring plan that resulted in the closure of the Canton, Massachusetts facility Canton Facility as of March 31, 2020 and the consolidation of manufacturing operations at that site into other Company locations Canton Restructuring ). During the third quarter of 2020, we leased the Canton facility to a third party. On June 17, 2021, we sold the Canton facility. See Note 7 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the third-party lease and sale, respectively, of the Canton Facility. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the Canton Restructuring . 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company committed to the strategic exit of its Control Devices particulate matter PM sensor product line PM Sensor Exit ). The decision to exit the PM sensor product line was made after the consideration of the decline in the market outlook for diesel passenger vehicles, the current and expected profitability of the product line and the Company s strategic focus on aligning resources with the greatest opportunities. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the PM Sensor Exit. 
 On March 8, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and sold the PM sensor product line and assets. The PM sensor product line and assets were located in Lexington, Ohio and Tallinn, Estonia. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the sale of the PM sensor business. 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Minda Corporation Limited Minda ), as the buyer, and Minda Stoneridge Instruments Ltd. MSIL ). On December 30, 2021, pursuant to the SPA, the Company closed the sale of MSIL to Minda. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the sale of MSIL. 
 We have positioned each of our segments for continued long-term success. Our Control Devices segment is increasingly well positioned with a focus on continued development and commercialization of actuation and electrified powertrain applications that will drive future growth for the segment. Our Electronics segment is expected to drive strong revenue growth through previously awarded new program launches including launches for our MirrorEye camera-based vision system in the OEM market, our digital driver information systems and our connectivity products globally. Our Stoneridge 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Brazil segment continues to integrate into our global Electronics strategy as we leverage our global engineering footprint and prepare for continued expansion of our local OEM presence. Overall, we will continue to focus our resources on the areas of largest opportunity for the Company to drive long-term value creation for our shareholders. 
 Segments and Products 
 We conduct our business in three reportable business segments, which are the same as our operating segments: Control Devices, Electronics and Stoneridge Brazil. 
 Control Devices. Our Control Devices segment designs and manufactures products that monitor, measure or activate specific functions within a vehicle. This segment includes product lines such as actuators, sensors, switches and connectors. Actuator products enable OEMs to deploy power functions in a vehicle and can be designed to integrate switching and control functions including our park lock, front-axle disconnect and shift by wire products. Sensor products are employed in major vehicle systems such as the emissions, safety, powertrain, braking, climate control, steering and suspension systems and are now being applied to electric vehicle thermal management systems. Switches and connectors transmit signals that activate specific functions. Our switch and connector technology is principally used in two capacities, user-activated and hidden. User-activated switches are used by a vehicle s operator or passengers to manually activate in-vehicle accessories. Hidden switches are not typically visible to vehicle operators or passengers and are engaged to activate or deactivate selected functions as part of normal vehicle operations. We sell these products principally to the automotive market. To a lesser extent, we also sell these products to the commercial vehicle and agricultural markets. 
 Electronics. Our Electronics segment designs and manufactures driver information systems, vision and safety systems, connectivity and compliance products and electronic control units. Driver information systems and connectivity and compliance products collect, store and display vehicle information such as speed, pressure, maintenance data, trip information, operator performance, temperature, distance traveled, and driver messages related to vehicle performance. Vision and safety products provide enhanced vehicle visibility and safety to drivers. Electronic control units regulate, coordinate, monitor and direct the operation of the electrical system within a vehicle. These products are sold principally to the commercial vehicle market through both the OEM and aftermarket channels. In addition, vision and safety systems are sold to the off-highway and commercial vehicle markets. 
 Stoneridge Brazil. Our Stoneridge Brazil SRB segment primarily serves the South American market and specializes in the design, manufacture and sale of vehicle tracking devices and monitoring services, vehicle security alarms and convenience accessories, in-vehicle audio and infotainment devices, driver information systems and telematics solutions primarily for the automotive market. This segment includes product lines such as vehicle monitoring and tracking devices, security alarms, convenience applications such as parking sensors and rearview cameras, audio and infotainment systems and telematics products used for fleet management. These products improve the performance, safety and convenience features of our customers vehicles. Stoneridge Brazil sells its products through the aftermarket distribution channel, to factory authorized dealer installers, also referred to as original equipment services, direct to OEMs and through mass merchandisers. In addition, monitoring services and tracking devices are sold directly to corporate and individual customers. 
 Our products and systems are sold to numerous OEM and Tier 1 customers, as well as aftermarket distributors and mass merchandisers, for use on many different vehicle platforms. We supply multiple parts to many of our principal OEM and Tier 1 customers under requirements contracts for a particular vehicle model. These contracts range in duration from one year to the production life of the model, which commonly extends for three to seven years. 
 The following table sets forth for the periods indicated, the percentage of net sales derived from our principal end markets: Principal End Markets 2022 2021 2020 Commercial vehicle 48 39 36 Automotive 34 41 45 Off-highway and other 12 12 12 Aftermarket distributors, mass merchandisers and monitoring services 6 8 7 
 For further information related to our reportable segments and financial information about geographic areas, see Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Production Materials 
 The principal production materials used in the Company s manufacturing process are molded plastic components and resins, copper, steel, precious metals and certain electrical components such as printed circuit boards, semiconductors, microprocessors, memory devices, resistors, capacitors, fuses, relays, monitors and cameras. We purchase production materials pursuant to both annual contract and spot purchasing methods. Such materials are available from multiple sources, but we generally establish collaborative relationships with a qualified supplier for each of our key production materials in order to lower costs and enhance service and quality. As global demand for our production materials increases, we may have difficulties obtaining adequate production materials from our suppliers to satisfy our customers. Refer to the 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors for risks related to the current supply chain disruption related to semiconductors and other production materials. Any extended period for which we cannot obtain adequate production material or which we experience an increase in the price of production material would materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Patents, Trademarks and Intellectual Property 
 We maintain and have pending various U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks, and other rights to intellectual property relating to the reportable segments of our business, which we believe are appropriate to protect the Company s interests in existing products, new inventions, manufacturing processes and product developments. We do not believe any single patent is material to our overall business success, nor would the expiration or invalidity of any patent have a material adverse effect on our business or ability to compete. 
 Industry Cyclicality and Seasonality 
 The markets for products in each of our reportable segments have been cyclical. Because these products are used principally in the production of vehicles for the automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets, revenues and therefore results of operations, are significantly dependent on the general state of the economy and other factors, like the impact of environmental regulations on our customers and end market consumers, which affect these markets. A significant decline in automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle production of our principal customers could adversely affect the Company. Our Control Devices and Electronics segments are moderately seasonal, impacted by mid-year and year-end shutdowns and the ramp-up of new model production at key customers. In addition, the demand for our Stoneridge Brazil segment consumer products is typically higher in the second half of the year. 
 Customers 
 We have several customers that account for a significant percentage of our sales. The loss of any significant portion of our sales to these customers, or the loss of a significant customer, would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We supply numerous different products to each of our principal customers. Contracts with several of our customers provide for supplying their requirements for a particular model, rather than for manufacturing a specific quantity of products. Such contracts range from one year to the life of the model, which is generally three to seven years. These contracts are subject to potential renegotiation from time to time, which may affect product pricing and generally may be terminated by our customers at any time. Therefore, the loss of a contract for a major model or a significant decrease in demand for certain key models or group of related models sold by any of our major customers would have a material adverse impact on the Company. We may enter into contracts to supply products, the introduction of which may then be delayed or cancelled. We also compete to supply products for successor models, and are therefore subject to the risk that the customer will not select the Company to produce products on any such model, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Due to the competitive nature of the markets we serve, we face pricing pressures from our customers in the ordinary course of business. In response to these pricing pressures we have been able to effectively manage our production costs by the combination of lowering certain costs and limiting the increase of others, the net impact of which has not been material. However, if we are unable to effectively manage production costs in the future to mitigate future pricing pressures, our results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Competition 
 The markets for our products in our reportable segments are highly competitive. We compete based on technological innovation, price, quality, performance, service and delivery. We compete for new business both at the beginning of the development of new models and upon the redesign of existing models for OEM customers. New model development generally begins two to five years before the marketing of such models to the public. Once a supplier has been selected to provide parts for a new program, an OEM customer will usually continue to purchase those parts from the selected supplier for the life of the program, although not necessarily for any model redesigns. We compete for aftermarket and mass merchandiser sales based on price, product functionality, quality and service. 
 Our diversity in products creates a wide range of competitors, which vary depending on both market and geographic location. We compete based on strong customer relations and a fast and flexible organization that develops technically effective solutions at a competitive price. 
 Product Development 
 Our research and development efforts for our reportable segments are largely product design and development oriented and consist primarily of applying known technologies to customer requests or developing new, innovative technologies aligned with industry megatrends or customer requests. A large portion of our development expenses are related to customer-sponsored programs where we are involved in designing custom-engineered solutions for specific applications or for next generation technology. To further our vehicle platform penetration, we have also developed collaborative relationships with 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 the design and engineering departments of key customers. These collaborative efforts have resulted in the development of new and complimentary products and the enhancement of existing products. 
 While our engineering and product development departments are organized by market, our segments interact and collaborate on new products. The product development operations are executed by technology groups in Barneveld, Netherlands; Campinas, Brazil; Juarez, Mexico; Lexington, Ohio; Novi, Michigan; Stockholm, Sweden; Suzhou, China and Tallinn, Estonia. 
 We have invested, and will continue to invest heavily in technology to develop new products for our customers. Product development costs, other than capitalized software development costs, incurred in connection with the development of new products and manufacturing methods, to the extent not recoverable from the customer, are expensed as incurred. 
 We will continue to prioritize investment spending toward the design and development of new products over sustaining existing product programs for specific customers, which allows us to sell our products to multiple customers. The typical product development process takes three to seven years to show tangible results. As part of our effort to evaluate our investment spending, we review our current product portfolio and adjust our spending to either accelerate or eliminate our investment in these products based on our position in the market and the potential of the market and product. 
 Environmental and Other Regulations 
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharge to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. We believe that our business, operations and facilities have been and are being operated in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, many of which provide for substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, Stoneridge employed approximately 5,250 full time and temporary employees in 14 countries, with about 88 located outside of the United States. Although we have no collective bargaining agreements covering U.S. employees, a significant number of employees located in Brazil, China, Estonia, Mexico, Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom either (i) are represented by a union and are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, or (ii) are covered by a works council or other employment arrangements required by law. We work to ensure positive relations with our employees. 
 We strive to create a work environment that enhances employee engagement, fosters productivity, and is aligned with our values of Integrity, Accountability, Teamwork, Adaptability, Customer Orientation, and Social Responsibility. We know that our success is dependent on our employees engagement, performance, skills, and development. To that end, we have established talent management programs at Stoneridge, which include but are not limited to the following: 
 Periodic global employee engagement surveys and subsequent action planning 
 Regular talent reviews for employee development and succession planning 
 Feedback and coaching to ensure performance is aligned with our goals and strategic direction 
 Delivery of Code of Conduct and global policy training 
 New employee orientation with globally consistent and locally flexible messaging 
 Frequent global town hall meetings and other communications 
 Employee wellness programs 
 Opportunities for community and charitable involvement 
 Employee mentoring program 
 Internship programs 
 When we hire new employees, we focus not just on the skills required for current positions, but the ever-changing complex skills and competencies that will be required as we move forward on our path to being the mobility industry s integrated technology partner. We seek diverse sources for candidates and we offer wages and benefits that are competitive in the markets where employees are located. 
 Stoneridge is committed to creating diverse, equitable and inclusive workplaces that align with our core values and deliver sustainable business success. It is our mission to attract, advance and advocate for a diverse workforce that represents the communities around us. To this end, Stoneridge created a steering committee to drive DEI initiatives across its various sites and functions and report on progress to our executive leadership team and Board of Directors. Additionally, we are challenging and responding to bias and eliminating barriers through fair policies and practices. We are building an inclusive Stoneridge where all employees can grow, excel, and contribute to our success in a meaningful way. 
 The Human Resources function at Stoneridge is an active and visible partner to the business at all levels. Our Chief Human Resources Officer reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and interacts frequently with the Company s Board of Directors. Our Human Capital focus will continue to be on employee engagement, employee and leadership development, communications, and employee health and safety. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Each executive officer of the Company serves the Board of Directors at its pleasure. The Board of Directors appoints corporate officers annually. The following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of the executive officers of the Company: Name Age Position James Zizelman 62 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Matthew R. Horvath 37 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Susan C. Benedict 56 Chief Human Resources Officer and Assistant General Counsel Laurent P. Borne 48 Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Technology Officer Caetano R. Ferraiolo 55 President of the Stoneridge Brazil Division Robert J. Hartman Jr. 56 Chief Accounting Officer Salvatore Orsini 53 Chief Procurement Officer Peter sterberg 54 President of the Electronics Division Rajaey Kased 43 President of the Control Devices Division 
 James Zizelman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Zizelman was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer and elected as Director in January 2023. Previously he served as President of the Control Devices Division since April 2020. Prior to joining Stoneridge, Mr. Zizelman served as the Vice President of Engineering and Program Management for Aptiv from December 2017 to March 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Zizelman was employed at Delphi for more than 20 years, where he was last a Vice President of Engineering from 2016 to 2017. 
 Matthew R. Horvath, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Horvath was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in August 2021. He previously served as Stoneridge s Executive Director of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations, and prior to that as Director of Investor Relations. Prior to joining Stoneridge, Mr. Horvath spent six years at EY, formerly known as Ernst Young, in the Transaction Advisory practice, primarily focused on business and asset valuation with a focus on the automotive and transportation industry. 
 Susan C. Benedict, Chief Human Resources Officer and Assistant General Counsel. Ms. Benedict was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer and Assistant General Counsel Labor and Employment in June 2019. Ms. Benedict previously served as Stoneridge s Director of Legal since November 2017. Prior to Stoneridge, Ms. Benedict served as Senior Counsel for Koch Industries in October 2017 and Corporate Counsel for Guardian Industries from December 2012 to September 2017. 
 Laurent P. Borne, Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Borne was appointed Chief Strategy Officer in March 2022. Prior to that he was the President of the Electronics Division from January 2019. Mr. Borne joined the Company in August 2018 as the Company s Chief Technology Officer and has continued to serve in that role. Prior to joining Stoneridge, Mr. Borne served as Vice President of Product Development at Whirlpool Corporation from 2014 until August 2018. 
 Caetano R. Ferraiolo, President of the PST Electronics Division. Mr. Ferraiolo was appointed to President of the Stoneridge Brazil Electronics Division in June 2017. Mr. Ferraiolo joined the Company in 2015 and previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of Stoneridge Brazil. From 2010 to 2015 he served as Vice President of Operations for Cannondale Sports Group in Brazil. Prior to that, Mr. Ferraiolo served as Director of European Commercial and Development, Autocam Corporation from 2005 to 2010. 
 Robert J. Hartman Jr., Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Hartman was appointed as Chief Accounting Officer and to the role of principal accounting officer in July 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Hartman served as Corporate Controller of the Company since 2006 and prior to that as Stoneridge s Director of Internal Audit from 2003. 
 Salvatore Orsini, Chief Procurement Officer. Mr. Orsini was appointed Chief Procurement Officer in July 2022. Prior to that Mr. Orsini had been employed at Nexteer Automotive as Vice President, Global Chief Supply Management Officer from 2020 until June 2022. From 2019 to 2020 Mr. Orsini served as Supply Chain Director at Aptiv and from 2013 to 2019 Mr. Orsini held various leadership roles at General Motors, most recently Global Commodity Director. Prior to that Mr. Orsini held various positions at Rolls-Royce Aerospace and Delphi. 
 Peter sterberg, President of the Electronics Division. Mr. sterberg was appointed as president of the Electronics Division in March 2022. Before joining Stoneridge, Peter served as vice president of Supplier Quality and Development at Volvo Group from 2017 to 2022. Before that, he served in a variety of roles at Volvo including vice president of engineering at Volvo CE, global director Volvo Powertrain, and other positions with increasing responsibility over time. Prior to that, he worked at Volvo Cars, both within product development and quality. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Rajaey Kased, President of the Control Devices Division. Mr. Kased was appointed as President of the Control Devices Division in January 2023. He previously was the Vice President of Sales, Strategy, and Product Line Management for the Control Devices Division in 2019. Prior to joining Stoneridge, Mr. Kased served as Head of Business Development, ADAS and Powertrain, North America, at Henkel from 2017 to 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Kased was employed at Delphi from 2005 to 2017 where he served in roles of increasing responsibility. 
 Available Information 
 We make available, free of charge through our website (www.stoneridge.com), our Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, Whistleblower Policy and Procedures and the charters of the Board of Director s Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Compliance and Ethics Committees are posted on our website as well. Copies of these documents will be available to any shareholder upon request. Requests should be directed in writing to Investor Relations at Stoneridge, Inc., 39675 MacKenzie Drive, Suite 400, Novi, Michigan 48377. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risks Related to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt our business, which could adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the global economy. In late 2019, a novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) was reported to have been detected in Wuhan, China and on March 11, 2020 it was declared by the World Health Organization to be a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy, disrupting the financial markets and increasing volatility, and has impeded global supply chains, restricted manufacturing operations and resulted in significantly reduced economic activity and higher unemployment rates. It has disrupted, and may continue to disrupt for an indefinite period of time, the global vehicle industry and customer sales, production volumes and purchases of automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicles by end-consumers. International, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities have taken and may continue to take actions to contain the outbreak and spread of COVID-19 throughout most regions of the world, including travel bans, quarantines, "work-from-home" orders and similar mandates that have caused many businesses to modify normal operations. Beginning in 2020 we took actions to enhance our financial flexibility and minimize the impact on our business, such as the ramping down of certain production facilities in response to customer plant closures and changes in vehicle production schedules, imposing certain travel restrictions, amending our existing Credit Facility three times providing covenant relief through September 2023 and actively managing costs, capital spending and working capital to further strengthen our liquidity. Despite these measures, the ultimate impact to our business continues to remain highly uncertain and we have experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in the production and distribution of our products, supply chain disruptions affecting the availability of production materials and the loss or delay of customers sales. 
 Uncertain Economic and Market Conditions 
 Our business is cyclical and a downturn in the automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets as well as overall economic conditions could reduce our sales and profitability. 
 The demand for products is largely dependent on the domestic and foreign production of automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicles. The markets for our products have been cyclical, because new vehicle demand is dependent on, among other things, consumer spending and is tied closely to the overall strength of the economy. Because the majority of our products are used principally in the production of vehicles for the automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets, our net sales, and therefore our results of operations, are significantly dependent on the general state of the economy and other factors which affect these markets. 
 In 2022, approximately 94 of our net sales were derived from automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets while approximately 6 were derived from aftermarket distributors, mass merchandisers and monitoring services markets. 
 Due to the overall global economic conditions in 2022 and 2021, largely as a result of supply chain issues and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting supply chain issues, the automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets experienced volatility in global customer sales and production volumes. As a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience reductions in orders from our customers in certain regions. An economic downturn or other adverse industry conditions that result in a decline in automotive, commercial, off-highway or agricultural vehicle production, or a 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 material decline in market share by our significant customers, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The loss or insolvency of any of our principal customers would adversely affect our future results. 
 We are dependent on several principal customers for a significant percentage of our net sales. In 2022, our top five customers were PACCAR, Volvo, VW Group, Ford Motor Company and Daimler AG, which comprised 15 , 11 , 9 , 7 and 7 of our net sales, respectively. In 2022, our top ten customers accounted for 63 of our net sales. The loss of any significant portion of our sales to these customers would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we have significant receivable balances related to these customers and other major customers that would be at risk in the event of their insolvency. 
 The Company s estimated sourced future sales from awarded programs may not be realized. 
 The Company typically enters into customer agreements at the beginning of a vehicle life cycle with the intent to fulfill customer-purchasing requirements for the entire vehicle production life cycle. The vehicle life cycle typically included the two to four year pre-production period and production for a term covering the life of such vehicle model or platform, generally between three to seven years, although there is no guarantee that this will occur. The Company s customers make no firm commitments regarding volume and may terminate these agreements or orders at any time. Therefore, these arrangements do not represent firm orders. The Company s estimated sourced future sales from awarded programs, also referred to as backlog, is the estimated remaining cumulative awarded life-of-program sales for up to a five year period. Several factors may change forecasted revenue from awarded programs; namely, new business wins, vehicle production volume changes, customer price reductions, foreign currency exchange rates, component take rates by customers and short cycled or cancelled models or platforms. 
 We must implement and sustain a competitive technological advantage in producing our products to compete effectively. 
 Our products are subject to changing technology, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to alternative products introduced by competitors. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to meet customers changing specifications with respect to technological innovation, price, quality, performance, service and delivery by implementing and sustaining competitive technological advances. Our business may, therefore, require significant recurring additional capital expenditures and investment in product development, manufacturing and management information systems. We cannot assure that we will be able to achieve technological advances or introduce new products that may be necessary to remain competitive. Our inability to continuously improve existing products, develop new products and achieve technological advances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The discontinuation of, loss of business or lack of commercial success, with respect to a particular vehicle model for which the Company is a significant supplier could reduce the Company s sales and harm its profitability. 
 Although the Company has purchase orders from many of its customers, these purchase orders generally provide for the supply of a customer s annual requirements for a particular vehicle model and assembly plant, or in some cases, for the supply of a customer s requirements for the life of a particular vehicle model, rather than for the purchase of a specific quantity of products. In addition, it is possible that our customers could elect to manufacture components internally that are currently produced by outside suppliers, such as our Company. The discontinuation of, the loss of business with respect to or a lack of commercial success of a particular vehicle model for which the Company is a significant supplier, could reduce the Company s sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Financial Risks 
 We have foreign currency translation and transaction risks that may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 The financial position and results of operations of our international subsidiaries are initially recorded in various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies ordinarily has a negative effect on our reported sales and operating margin (and conversely, the weakening of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies has a positive impact). The volatility of currency exchange rates may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our debt obligations could limit our flexibility in managing our business and expose us to risks. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was 167.8 million in borrowings outstanding on our Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended, (the Credit Facility ). In addition, we are permitted under our Credit Facility to incur additional 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 debt, subject to specified limitations. Our leverage and the terms of our indebtedness may have important consequences including the following: 
 we may have difficulty satisfying our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and if we fail to comply with these requirements, an event of default could result; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to required payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate activities; 
 covenants relating to our debt may limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate activities; 
 covenants relating to our debt may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage against less leveraged competitors. 
 These and other consequences of our leverage and the terms of our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Covenants in our Credit Facility may limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. 
 Our Credit Facility limits our ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional debt and guarantees; 
 pay dividends and repurchase our shares; 
 make other restricted payments, including investments; 
 create liens; 
 sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital shares of subsidiaries; 
 enter into agreements that restrict dividends from subsidiaries; 
 consolidate, merge or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and 
 substantially change the nature of our business. 
 On March 1, 2023, we amended the Credit Facility. As amended the Credit Facility provides for certain financial covenant relief and additional covenant restrictions during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period (the period from March 1, 2023 until the date that the Company delivers a compliance certificate for the quarter ending September 30, 2023 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). During the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was changed to 4.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 and 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ended June 30, 2023; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.50 was reduced to 3.00 for the quarters ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023; 
 drawing on the Credit Facility continues to be restricted if the Company's total of 100 of domestic and 65 of foreign cash and cash equivalents exceeds 70.0 million; 
 there continue to be certain additional restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 consistent with Amendment No. 3, a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) may not be consummated unless the net leverage ratio is below 3.50 to 1.00 during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period. 
 Our ability to comply with these covenants as well as the negative covenants under the terms of our indebtedness may be affected by events beyond our control. 
 A breach of any of the negative covenants under our indebtedness or our inability to comply with the leverage and interest ratio requirements in the Credit Facility could result in an event of default. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Facility could elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable and terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings, and the Credit Facility lenders could pursue foreclosure and other remedies against us and our assets. 
 Our annual effective tax rate could be volatile and materially change as a result of changes in the mix of earnings and other factors including changes in the recognition and/or release of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. 
 Our overall effective tax rate is computed by dividing our total tax expense (benefit) by our total earnings (loss) before tax. However, tax expense and benefits are not recognized on a global basis, but rather on a jurisdictional or legal entity basis. Losses in certain jurisdictions may not provide a current financial statement tax benefit as a result of the need to maintain a valuation allowance against the associated deferred tax asset. Also, management periodically evaluates the realizability of our deferred tax assets which may result in the recognition and/or release of valuation allowances. As a result, changes in the mix of earnings between jurisdictions and changes in the recognition and/or release of valuation allowances, among other factors, could have a significant effect on our overall effective tax rate. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Products, Pricing and Supply 
 We are dependent on the availability and price of raw materials and other supplies. 
 We require substantial amounts of raw materials and other supplies, and substantially all such materials we require are purchased from outside sources. The availability and prices of raw materials and other supplies may be subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, new laws or regulations, suppliers allocations to other purchasers and interruptions in production by suppliers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, commercial disputes, acts of terrorism or war, changes in exchange rates and worldwide price levels. If demand for raw materials we require increases, we may have difficulties obtaining adequate raw materials and other supplies from our suppliers to satisfy our customers. Currently, and at times in the past, we have experienced difficulty obtaining adequate supplies of semiconductors, memory chips and other electronic components. In addition, there have been challenges at times in obtaining timely supply of nylon and resins for our Control Devices segment and audio component parts for our Stoneridge Brazil segment. If we cannot obtain adequate raw materials and other supplies, or if we experience an increase in the price of raw materials and other supplies, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a significant vehicle production slowdown in the first half of 2020, which was followed by increased consumer demand and vehicle production schedules in the second half of 2020. This surge in demand led to a worldwide semiconductor supply shortage at the end of 2020 and through 2022, as semiconductor suppliers have been unable to rapidly reallocate production lines to serve the transportation industry. In addition, we have experienced longer lead-times, higher costs and delays in procuring other component parts and raw materials. As a result, we are currently experiencing supply chain disruptions. We are assessing the potential supply chain impacts, which may directly or indirectly impact various suppliers, and correspondingly, OEM production. We are working closely with our suppliers and customers to minimize any potential adverse impacts, and we continue to closely monitor the availability of semiconductor microchips and other component parts and raw materials, customer vehicle production schedules and any other supply chain inefficiencies that may arise, due to this or any other issue. However, any direct or indirect supply chain disruptions may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The prices that we can charge our customers are typically predetermined and we bear the risk of costs in excess of our estimates, in addition to the risk of adverse effects resulting from general customer demands for cost reductions and quality improvements. 
 Our supply agreements with our customers typically require us to provide our products at predetermined prices. In some cases, these prices decline over the course of the contract and may require us to meet certain productivity and cost reduction targets. In addition, our customers may require us to share productivity savings in excess of our cost reduction targets. The costs that we incur in fulfilling these contracts may vary substantially from our initial estimates. Unanticipated cost increases or the inability to meet certain cost reduction targets may occur as a result of several factors, including increases in the costs of labor, components or materials. In some cases, we are permitted to pass on to our customers the cost increases associated with specific materials. However, cost overruns that we cannot pass on to our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 OEM customers have exerted and continue to exert considerable pressure on component suppliers to reduce costs, improve quality and provide additional design and engineering capabilities and continue to demand and receive price reductions and measurable increases in quality through their use of competitive selection processes, rating programs and various other arrangements. We may be unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset required price reductions. Additionally, OEMs have generally required component suppliers to provide more design engineering input at earlier stages of the product development process, the costs of which have, in some cases, been absorbed by the suppliers. Future price reductions, increased quality standards and additional engineering capabilities required by OEMs may reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We have limited or no redundancy for certain of our manufacturing facilities, and therefore damage or disruption to those facilities could interrupt our operations, increase our costs of doing business and impair our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis. 
 If certain of our existing production facilities become incapable of manufacturing products for any reason, we may be unable to meet production requirements, we may lose revenue and we may not be able to maintain our relationships with our customers. Without operation of certain existing production facilities, we may be limited in our ability to deliver products until we restore the manufacturing capability at the particular facility, find an alternative manufacturing facility or arrange an alternative source of supply. We carry business interruption insurance to cover lost revenue and profits in an amount we consider adequate, however, this insurance does not cover all possible situations and may be insufficient. Also, our business interruption insurance would not compensate us for the loss of opportunity and potential adverse impact on relations with our existing customers resulting from our inability to produce products for them. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on independent dealers and distributors to sell certain products in the aftermarket sales channel and a disruption to this channel would harm our business. 
 Because we sell certain products such as security accessories and driver information products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for our products. If dealers and distributors do not maintain sufficient inventory levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. 
 Our dealer network also sells products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers more favorable terms, those dealers may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. Our inability to maintain successful relationships with dealers and distributors, or to expand our distribution channels, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our Global Positioning Systems GPS products depend upon satellites maintained by the United States Department of Defense. If a significant number of these satellites become inoperable, unavailable or are not replaced, or if the policies of the United States government for the use of the GPS without charge are changed, our business will suffer. 
 The GPS is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. 
 If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable, unavailable or are not replaced, it would impair the current utility of our GPS products and the growth of market opportunities. In addition, there can be no assurance that the U.S. government will remain committed to the operation and maintenance of GPS satellites over a long period, or that the policies of the U.S. government that provide for the use of the GPS without charge and without accuracy degradation will remain unchanged. Because of the increasing commercial applications of the GPS, other U.S. government agencies may become involved in the administration or the regulation of the use of GPS signals. Any of the foregoing factors could affect the willingness of buyers of our products to select GPS-based products instead of products based on competing technologies, which could adversely affect our operational revenues, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Geopolitical Uncertainties 
 We are subject to risks related to our international operations. 
 Approximately 51 of our net sales in 2022 were derived from sales outside of North America. At December 31, 2022, significant concentrations of net assets outside of North America included 226.8 million in Europe and Other and 39.4 million in South America. Non-current assets outside of North America accounted for approximately 62 of our non-current assets as of December 31, 2022. International sales and operations are subject to significant risks, including, among others: 
 political and economic instability; 
 restrictive trade policies; 
 economic conditions in local markets; 
 currency exchange rates and controls; 
 labor unrest; 
 difficulty in obtaining distribution support and potentially adverse tax consequences; and 
 the imposition of product tariffs and the burden of complying with a wide variety of international and U.S. export laws. 
 We operate our business on a global basis and policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. 
 We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the U.S. trade relationship with China and Brazil and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic Performance Risks 
 Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of new program launches could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 In connection with the award of new business, we obligate ourselves to deliver new products and services that are subject to our customers timing, performance and quality standards. Additionally, as a Tier 1 supplier, we must effectively coordinate the activities of numerous suppliers in order for the program launches of our products to be successful. Given the complexity of new program launches, we may experience difficulties managing product quality, timeliness and associated costs. In addition, new program launches require a significant ramp-up of costs; however, our sales related to these new programs generally are dependent upon the timing and success of our customers introduction of new vehicles. Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of these new program launches could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may not be able to successfully integrate acquisitions into our business or may otherwise be unable to benefit from pursuing acquisitions. 
 Failure to successfully identify, complete and/or integrate acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on us. A portion of our growth in sales and earnings has been generated from acquisitions and subsequent improvements in the performance of the businesses acquired. We expect to continue a strategy of selectively identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products. We cannot assure you that any business acquired by us will be successfully integrated with our operations or prove to be profitable. We could incur substantial indebtedness in connection with our acquisition strategy, which could significantly increase our interest expense. 
 We anticipate that acquisitions could occur in foreign markets in which we do not currently operate. As a result, the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the global transportation industry toward electrification and shared mobility could adversely affect our business. 
 The global transportation industry is increasingly focused on the development of more fuel-efficient solutions to meet demands from consumers and governments worldwide to address climate change and an increased desire for environmentally sustainable solutions. The impacts of these changes on us are uncertain and could ultimately prove dramatic. If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution toward electrification and other energy sources could adversely affect our business. The increased adoption of electrified and other non-internal combustion-based powertrains may result in lower demand for some of our products. There has also been an increase in consumer preferences for car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. The evolution of the industry toward electrification and shared mobility has also attracted increased competition from entrants outside of the traditional light vehicle industry, some of whom may seek to provide products which compete with ours. Failure to innovate and to develop or acquire new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to these evolving consumer preferences and demands could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Product Liability Risks 
 Increased or unexpected product warranty claims could adversely affect us. 
 We typically provide our customers a warranty covering workmanship, and in some cases materials, on products we manufacture. Our warranty generally provides that products will be free from defects and adhere to customer specifications. If a product fails to comply with the warranty, we may be obligated or compelled, at our expense, to correct any defect by repairing or replacing the defective product. Our customers are increasingly seeking to hold suppliers responsible for product warranties, which could negatively impact our exposure to these costs. We maintain warranty reserves in an amount based on historical trends of units sold and costs incurred, combined with our current understanding of the status of existing claims. To estimate the warranty reserves, we must forecast the resolution of existing claims, as well as expected future claims on products previously sold. The costs of claims estimated to be due and payable could differ materially from what we may ultimately be required to pay. An increase in the rate of warranty claims or the occurrence of unexpected warranty claims could have a material adverse effect on our customer relations, our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may incur material product liability costs. 
 We may be subject to product liability claims in the event that the failure of any of our products results in personal injury or death and we cannot assure that we will not experience material product liability losses in the future. We cannot assure that 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 our product liability insurance will be adequate for liabilities ultimately incurred or that it will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. In addition, if any of our products prove to be defective, we may be required to participate in government-imposed or customer OEM-instituted recalls involving such products. A successful claim brought against us that exceeds available insurance coverage or a requirement to participate in any product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Intellectual Property Risks 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights or maintain our rights to use licensed intellectual property or are found liable for infringing the rights of others, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our intellectual property, including our patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and license agreements, are important in the operation of our businesses, and we rely on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the United States and other countries, as well as nondisclosure agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. We may not, however, be able to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property, breaching any nondisclosure agreements with us, or independently developing technology that is similar or superior to ours and not covered by our intellectual property. Any of the foregoing could reduce any competitive advantage we have developed, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. We cannot assure that any intellectual property will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged, rejected, cancelled, invalidated or declared unenforceable. In the case of pending patent applications, we may not be successful in securing issued patents, or securing patents that provide us with a competitive advantage for our businesses. In addition, our competitors may design products around our patents that avoid infringement and violation of our intellectual property rights. 
 We cannot be certain that we have rights to all intellectual property currently used in the conduct of our businesses or that we have complied with the terms of agreements by which we acquire such rights, which could expose us to infringement, misappropriation or other claims alleging violations of third party intellectual property rights. Third parties have asserted and may assert or prosecute infringement claims against us in connection with the services and products that we offer, and we may or may not be able to successfully defend these claims. Litigation, either to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend against claims regarding intellectual property rights of others, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our resources. Any such claims and resulting litigation could require us to enter into licensing agreements (if available on acceptable terms or at all), pay damages and cease making or selling certain products and could result in a loss of our intellectual property protection. Moreover, in such a situation, we may need to redesign some of our products to avoid future infringement liability. We also may be required to indemnify customers or other third parties at significant expense in connection with such claims and actions. The Company has seen an increase in customer requests for indemnification in connection with third party patent claims related to connectivity-enabled products. These claims are being made by patent-holders seeking royalties and who may enter into litigation based on patent infringement allegations. The Company has taken actions to mitigate this risk from new programs; however, significant indemnification claims related to these products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Information Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 A failure of our information technology (IT) networks and systems, or the inability to successfully implement upgrades to our enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and/or activities. The secure operation of these IT networks and systems and the proper processing and maintenance of this information are critical to our business operations. 
 In addition, we continually expand and update our IT networks and systems in response to the changing needs of our business and periodically upgrade our ERP systems. Should our networks or systems not be implemented successfully, or if the systems do not perform in a satisfactory manner once implementation is complete, our business and operations could be disrupted and our results of operations could be adversely affected, including our ability to report accurate and timely financial results. 
 We may be subject to risks relating to our information technology systems and cybersecurity. 
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and manage and operate our business. Despite the implementation of security measures, our IT networks and systems are at risk to damages from computer viruses, unauthorized access, cyber-attack and other similar disruptions. A breach in security could expose us and our customers and suppliers to risks of misuse of confidential information, manipulation and destruction of data, production downtimes and operations disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business or results of operations. While we have taken steps to protect the Company from cybersecurity risks and security breaches (including enhancing our firewall, workstation, email security and network monitoring with managed detection and response (MDR) and alerting capabilities, and training employees around phishing, malware and other cybersecurity risks), and we have policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of systems failures, interruptions, and security breaches, there 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 can be no assurance that such events will not occur or that they will be adequately addressed if they do. Although we rely on commonly used security and processing systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect the secure transmission of data, these precautions may not protect our systems from all potential compromises or breaches of security. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 
 Privacy and security concerns relating to the Company s current or future products and services could damage its reputation and deter current and potential users from using them. 
 We may gain access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, our financial condition or operating results. Furthermore, regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning cybersecurity and data protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. Complying with these various laws could cause the Company to incur substantial costs. 
 Environmental, Climate and Weather Risks 
 Compliance with environmental and other governmental regulations could be costly and require us to make significant expenditures. 
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing, among other things: 
 the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; 
 the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment, and disposal of waste and other materials; 
 the cleanup of contaminated properties; and 
 the health and safety of our employees. 
 Our business, operations and facilities are subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, many of which provide for substantial fines for violations. The operation of our manufacturing facilities entails risks and we cannot assure you that we will not incur material costs or liabilities in connection with these operations. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required in order to comply with evolving environmental, health and safety laws, regulations or requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future. Changes in environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and requirements or other governmental regulations could increase our cost of doing business or adversely affect the demand for our products. 
 An emphasis on global climate change and other ESG matters by various stakeholders could negatively affect our business. 
 Customer, investor, employee and other stakeholder expectations of us and our supply base in areas such as the environment, social matters and corporate governance have been rapidly evolving and increasing. The enhanced stakeholder focus on ESG requires the continuous monitoring of various and evolving standards and their associated requirements. Our failure, or that of our supply base, to adequately meet stakeholder expectations may result in, among other things, the loss of business, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers or an inability to attract and retain top talent that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company owned or leased seven manufacturing facilities, which together contain approximately 0.9 million square feet of manufacturing space. Of these manufacturing facilities, three are used by our Control Devices reportable segment, three are used by our Electronics reportable segment and one is used by our Stoneridge Brazil reportable segment. The following table provides information regarding our facilities: Location Owned/ Leased Use Square Footage Control Devices Juarez, Mexico (A) 
 Owned Manufacturing/Engineering 235,035 Lexington, Ohio Owned Manufacturing/Engineering 219,612 Suzhou, China (A) 
 Leased Manufacturing/Engineering/Sales Office 145,033 El Paso, Texas (A) 
 Leased Warehouse 57,000 Lexington, Ohio Leased Warehouse 15,000 Novi, Michigan Leased Engineering 6,398 Electronics Tallinn, Estonia 
 Leased Manufacturing/Engineering 85,911 Orebro, Sweden Leased Manufacturing 77,472 Barneveld, Netherlands Owned Manufacturing/Engineering 62,700 Stockholm, Sweden Leased Engineering/Division Office 41,248 Bayonne, France Leased Sales Office/Warehouse 9,655 Jasper, Georgia Leased Sales Office/Warehouse 6,250 Dundee, Scotland Leased Sales Office/Engineering 4,683 Ottobrunn, Germany Leased Sales Office 1,119 Stoneridge Brazil Manaus, Brazil Owned Manufacturing 102,247 Campinas, Brazil Owned Engineering/Division Office 45,467 Hortol ndia, Brazil Leased Sales Office 3,229 Buenos Aires, Argentina Leased Sales Office 2,906 Serra, Brazil Leased Sales Office 344 Corporate and Other Novi, Michigan (B) 
 Leased Headquarters/Division Office 37,713 Esslingen, Germany Leased Sales Office 1,722 
 __________________________________ 
 (A) This facility is also used in the Electronics reportable segment. 
 (B) This facility is also used in the Control Devices reportable segment. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time we are subject to various legal actions and claims incidental to our business, including those arising out of breach of contracts, product warranties, product liability, patent infringement, regulatory matters, and employment-related matters. It is our opinion that the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the final amounts required to resolve these matters could differ materially from our recorded estimates. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 Not Applicable. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol SRI. As of February 24, 2023, we had 27,348,198 Common Shares, without par value, outstanding that were owned by approximately 190 shareholders of record. This does not include persons whose stock is in nominee or street name accounts held by banks, brokers and other nominees. 
 The following table presents information with respect to repurchases of Common Shares made by us during the three months ended December 31, 2022. There were 1,403 Common Shares delivered to us by employees as payment for withholding taxes due upon vesting of performance share awards and share unit awards during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 10/1/22-10/31/22 N/A N/A 11/1/22-11/30/22 N/A N/A 12/1/22-12/31/22 1,403 21.56 N/A N/A Total 1,403 
 Other than the repurchase of Common Shares of 42,100 and 79,434, respectively, to satisfy employee tax withholdings associated with the delivery of Common Shares earned by employees pursuant to equity-base awards under the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan there were no other repurchases of Common Shares made by us during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 For information on Related Stockholder Matters required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K, refer to Item 12 of this report. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total return of a hypothetical investment in our Common Shares with the cumulative total return of hypothetical investments in the Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts (TR) Index and the NYSE Composite Index. The graph is based on the respective market price of each investment as of December 31, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 assuming in each case an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, and reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Stoneridge, Inc. 100 108 128 132 86 94 Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts Total Return Index 100 69 88 104 126 92 NYSE Composite Index 100 91 115 123 148 134 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 We are a global designer and manufacturer of highly engineered electrical and electronic systems, components and modules primarily for the automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicle markets. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes related thereto and other financial information included elsewhere herein. 
 
 Global Market Conditions 
 The coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 and the ongoing supply chain disruptions, including the semiconductor shortages, have had a negative impact on the global economy since 2020. These conditions have disrupted, and likely will continue to disrupt, the global vehicle industry and customer sales, production volumes and purchases of automotive, commercial, off-highway and agricultural vehicles by end-consumers. 
 The adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a significant vehicle production slowdown in the first half of 2020, which was followed by increased consumer demand and vehicle production schedules. This surge in demand led to a worldwide semiconductor supply shortage at the end of 2020, and other supply chain related constraints that have continued through 2022. We have experienced longer lead-times, higher costs, delays in procuring other component parts and raw materials and significant production volume reductions and volatility because of these shortages and continued impact of COVID-19. These supply chain disruptions became incrementally more challenging in the second half of 2021 resulting in higher related costs. Although the supply chain conditions have improved in 2022, we continued to experience production and supply chain volatility in several of our primary end-markets. In addition, rising COVID-19 infections in China and continued production volatility with our North American passenger car customers led to production reductions in 2022. Despite the continued challenges in 2022, we successfully negotiated appropriate, but significant price increases with our customers to offset material and labor cost headwinds. We are working closely with our suppliers and customers to minimize any potential adverse impacts, and we continue to closely monitor the availability of semiconductor microchips and other component parts and raw materials, customer vehicle production schedules and any other supply chain inefficiencies that may arise, due to this or any other issue. As these costs are expected to remain elevated in 2023, we will continue to work with our customers and implement supply chain and material cost reduction strategies to drive margin performance. The Company recognized 58.4 million and 17.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, of cost recoveries related to spot buys of materials purchased for our customers. 
 North American automotive vehicle volumes are expected to increase in 2022 due to a combination of higher demand and low inventory levels. Whereas North American and European commercial vehicle volumes are expected to slightly decline in 2022. Vehicle production volumes could continue to be negatively impacted by the ongoing supply chain disruptions, including semiconductor shortages. The magnitude of the adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on the evolution of the semiconductor supply shortage, vehicle production schedules and supply chain impacts. 
 
 Segments 
 We are organized by products produced and markets served. Under this structure, our operations have been reported using the following segments: 
 Control Devices. This segment includes results of operations that manufacture actuators, sensors, switches and connectors. 
 Electronics. This segment includes results of operations from the production of driver information systems, vision and safety systems, connectivity and compliance products and electronic control units. 
 Stoneridge Brazil SRB ). This segment includes results of operations that design and manufacture vehicle tracking devices and monitoring services, vehicle security alarms and convenience accessories, in-vehicle audio and infotainment devices, driver information systems and telematics solutions. 
 
 Overview 
 The global macroeconomic environment in 2022 continued to provide a challenging backdrop for the global transportation industry and our served markets. The Company was able to navigate this volatile operating environment while at the same time continuing to execute on our long-term strategy of product development that aligns with industry megatrends, by focusing on product platforms that will drive future growth. The Company continues to work with our customers to preserve gross margin through price increases aligned with current market conditions and is executing on initiatives to reduce supply chain related costs. During 2022, the Company was able to mitigate a significant amount of the material headwinds we experienced, recognizing 32.1 million of negotiated price increases. 
 The Company had net loss of 14.1 million, or (0.52) per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Net income in 2022 decreased by 17.5 million, or (0.64) per diluted share, from 3.4 million, or 0.12 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the 2021 pre-tax gain on sale of the Canton Facility of 30.7 million, or 0.93 per diluted share, offset by lower restructuring and business realignment costs of 3.8 million as well as the impact of higher net sales and gross margin in our Electronics segment. 
 In 2022, our net sales increased by 129.5 million, or 16.8 , while our operating income decreased 12.5 million. 
 Our Control Devices segment net sales decreased by 3.7 primarily due to decreases in our China commercial, North American commercial and China automotive vehicle markets. Our European automotive and commercial vehicle markets decreased due to our exit of the PM sensor business. Segment gross margin decreased due to costs associated with supply chain disruptions offset by lower restructuring and business realignment costs of 1.5 million and favorable leverage of fixed costs from higher sales levels. Segment operating income decreased due to the 2021 gain on sale of the Canton Facility of 30.7 million, lower restructuring and realignment costs of 2.6 million and the 2021 gain on disposal of the PM sensor business of 1.1 million. 
 Our Electronics segment net sales increased by 41.1 primarily due to higher sales volumes in our European commercial, North American commercial, European off-highway and North American off-highway vehicle markets as well as favorable customer pricing for recoveries of semiconductor spot buy purchases and negotiated price increases offset by unfavorable foreign exchange fluctuations . Segment gross margin as a percent of sales decreased primarily due to increased material costs associated with supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components, adverse foreign exchange fluctuations and inflation offset by increased contribution from higher sales levels and negotiated price increases. Segment operating income increased primarily due to higher sales and margin, lower SG A spending and lower D D cost from higher customer reimbursements. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment net sales decreased by 8.0 due to lower sales in most Stoneridge Brazil product lines offset by favorable foreign currency translation and slightly higher sales of tracking devices and monitoring services. Segment gross margin decreased due to lower sales levels compared with the prior year. Operating income increased primarily due to lower SG A expense due to the unfavorable adjustment to the fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration of 2.1 million in 2021 and lower selling costs offset by lower gross margin and net unfavorable adjustments for Brazilian indirect tax credits of 0.9 million. 
 In 2022, SG A expenses decreased compared to 2021 due to favorable non-recurring 2022 commercial and legal settlements, lower wages, incentive compensation, legal fees and selling costs. In addition, compared to 2021, SG A was favorably impacted by an unfavorable adjustment to the fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration in 2021, lower business realignment and restructuring costs and Sarasota environmental remediation costs incurred in 2021. Offsetting these favorable items were the 2021 gain on disposal of the MSIL joint venture, the 2021 gain on disposal of the PM Sensor business and unfavorable net adjustments for Brazilian indirect tax credits. 
 D D costs decreased slightly in 2022 as higher customer reimbursements in our Electronics segment for ongoing development activities were offset by increased spend for awarded business program launches and development of advanced technologies and systems in our Electronics, Control Devices and Stoneridge Brazil segments. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 54.8 million and 85.5 million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had 167.8 million and 164.0 million , respectively, in borrowings outstanding on the 2019 Credit Facility. The 2022 decrease in cash and cash equivalents was due to capital expenditures for new product launches and to support higher working capital levels, mostly inventory as a result of supply chain disruptions, new product launches and expectations for increased production and new product launches. 
 
 Outlook 
 The Company believes that focusing on products that address industry megatrends will have a positive effect on both our top-line growth and underlying margins. For example, the Company is aligned with platforms likely to perform well against overall market dynamics including our content on electrified vehicle platforms. 
 Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, COVID-19 caused worldwide adverse economic conditions and uncertainty in our served markets. Since the first quarter of 2021, we have been experiencing supply chain related disruptions, due to a worldwide semiconductor shortage, as well as other material availability constraints, which continue and have resulted in longer lead-times, higher costs and delays in procuring other component parts and raw materials. Although material cost challenges are moderating, the Company expects to experience ongoing impacts from supply chain disruptions, material cost inflation and COVID-19, which will continue to put pressure on margins. In order to recover these higher costs, we have negotiated and expect to continue to negotiate price increases and cost recoveries with our customers and implement supply chain strategies to help mitigate future costs. During the second half of 2022, we began to see the impacts of improving material availability on net sales, which favorably impacted gross margin. 
 Based on IHS Market production forecast, the North American automotive market is expected to increase to 15.1 million units in 2023 from 14.3 million units in 2022 as this market continues to recover from supply chain disruptions and economic 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 headwinds. The Company expects sales volumes in our Control Devices segment to increase from 2022 based on year end production forecasts and market conditions as well as the ramp-up of actuation program launches. We will continue to focus on growing our core product portfolio aligned with powertrain electrification. We will continue to invest in our actuation business as we anticipate greater opportunities as powertrains become increasingly electrified. However, on-going global supply chain disruptions, including the global semiconductor supply shortage, material cost inflation and COVID-19 could adversely impact our sales volumes and gross margin for the remainder of 2023. 
 For 2023, we expect an increase in our Electronics segment sales compared to 2022 primarily due to strong demand for our products in our off-highway and commercial vehicle end markets and the ramp-up of new product launches even though production volumes in our European and North American commercial markets are expected decrease approximately 2.0 to 3.5 . In addition, we expect increased sales from the continued roll out of our MirrorEye camera-based vision system in the retrofit markets and additional launches of our MirrorEye systems for OEM applications. MirrorEye OEM system take-rates continue to exceed prior expectations and customer production forecasts suggest these take-rates could continue to rise significantly as material becomes more readily available and customer truck production continues to shift to new models. Customer recoveries related to spot buys of materials purchased for our customers increased net sales by 58.4 million during 2022. Spot buy material purchasing activity, which is recognized as revenue and material costs, was mostly passed through to the customer and was driven by electronic component shortages. The Company expects spot buy activity to continue in 2023 but cannot predict the duration or magnitude of continued spot buy activity due to volatile supply chains and component availability. We expect to continue to offset a significant majority of spot buy related costs going forward and expect continued reduction in overall spot buy costs in 2023. In addition, we expect customer negotiated price increases to favorably impact sales in 2023. 
 In 2021 and continuing throughout 2022, our gross D D spend increased to support near term launches of awarded business in both our Electronics and Control Devices segments. In 2023, we expect that our D D spending will stabilize as we continue to align our global engineering capabilities in order to develop advanced technologies and systems within our portfolio of products and we expect to sustain current levels of customer reimbursement to support specific programs and products. 
 Our 2022 Stoneridge Brazil segment revenues decreased compared to the prior year due to lower sales of most of our product lines offset by favorable foreign currency translation and slightly higher sales of tracking devices and monitoring service fees. In October 2022, the International Monetary Fund forecasted the Brazil gross domestic product to grow 2.8 in 2022 and 1.0 in 2023. We expect our served market channels to remain stable based on current market conditions. Stoneridge Brazil will focus on continuing to grow our OEM capabilities in-region to better support our global customers. This will drive steady future growth and provide a platform to continue to rotate our local portfolio to more closely align with our global business. Our financial performance in our Stoneridge Brazil segment is also subject to uncertainty from movements in the Brazilian Real and Argentina Peso foreign currencies. 
 Beginning in 2021, global transportation vehicle production was impacted by supply chain disruptions, including semiconductor shortages, primarily affecting our commercial vehicle and automotive end-markets. Based on the current market conditions, we expect continued but moderating impacts on production in 2023. We expect incremental costs related to supply chain disruptions and production schedule volatility to continue to adversely affect our gross margin in 2023. 
 We continued to effectively offset a significant portion of incremental material and supply chain related costs through pricing and supply chain actions resulting in cost pass-throughs and the recovery of both current and historical costs in 2022. While incremental material costs have started to moderate, we expect material cost inflation to persist into 2023. We will continue to evaluate macroeconomic conditions and expect ongoing discussions with our customers regarding price increases and other cost recovery actions to help continue to improve our margin performance. 
 As a result of these supply chain disruptions and production schedule volatility, our working capital balances, specifically inventory, have increased significantly compared to historical levels. In addition, inventory has also increased from product launches in our Electronics and Control Devices segments. We continue to engage in initiatives to reduce working capital including reducing on-hand inventory by refining our procurement process and managing the on-time collection of our accounts receivable balances. 
 Our future effective tax rate depends on various factors, such as changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles and our jurisdictional mix of earnings. We monitor these factors and adjust our effective tax rate accordingly. 
 
 Other Matters 
 A significant portion of our sales are outside of the United States. These sales are generated by our non-U.S. based operations, and therefore, movements in foreign currency exchange rates can have a significant effect on our results of operations, which are presented in U.S. dollars. A significant portion of our raw materials purchased by our Electronics and Stoneridge Brazil segments are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore movements in foreign currency exchange rates can also have a significant effect on our results of operations. The U.S. Dollar strengthened against the euro, Swedish krona 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and Argentine peso in 2022 and the euro, Swedish krona, Brazilian real, Argentine peso and Mexican peso in 2021, unfavorably impacting our reported results. 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Minda Corporation Limited Minda ), as the buyer, and MSIL. Pursuant to the SPA, the Company agreed to sell to Minda the Company s minority interest in MSIL for approximately 21.5 million equivalent Indian Rupee which was payable in U.S. dollars at closing. On December 30, 2021, pursuant to the SPA, the Company closed the sale of MSIL to Minda for 21.6 million. The Company recognized net proceeds of 21.0 million and a gain, net of direct selling costs, of 1.8 million. 
 On March 8, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA by and among the Company, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Stoneridge Electronics AS, as the Sellers, and Standard Motor Products, Inc. SMP and SMP Poland SP Z O.O., as the Buyers. Pursuant to the APA, the Company agreed to sell to the Buyers the Company s assets located in Lexington, Ohio and Tallinn, Estonia related to the manufacturing of particulate matter sensor products and related service part operations (together, the PM sensor business ). The Buyers did not acquire any of the Company s locations or employees. The purchase price for the sale of the PM sensor business was 4.0 million (subject to a post-closing inventory adjustment, which was a payment to SMP of 1.1 million) plus the assumption of certain liabilities. The purchase price was allocated among PM sensor product lines, Gen 1 and Gen 2 as defined under the APA. The purchase price allocated to Gen 1 fixed assets and inventory and Gen 2 fixed assets was 3.2 million and 0.8 million, respectively. The sale of the Gen 2 assets occurred during November 2021 as the Company s supply commitments to certain customers were completed in September 2021. The Company and SMP also entered into certain ancillary agreements, including a contract manufacturing agreement, a transitional services agreement, and a supply agreement, pursuant to which the Company provided and was compensated for certain manufacturing, transitional, administrative and support services to SMP on a short-term basis. 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company committed to the strategic exit of its Control Devices particulate matter sensor product line PM Sensor Exit ). The costs for the PM Sensor Exit included employee severance and termination costs and other related costs including supplier settlements. Non-cash charges included impairment and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets associated with PM sensor production. We recognized 0.0 million and 2.4 million of expense as a result of this initiative during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The only remaining costs relate to potential commercial settlements and legal fees that we continue to negotiate. The estimated additional cost related to these settlements and fees is up to 4.2 million. 
 In January 2019, we committed to a restructuring plan that resulted in the closure of our Canton, Massachusetts facility Canton Facility as of March 31, 2020 and the consolidation of manufacturing operations at that site into other Company locations Canton Restructuring ). The costs for the Canton Restructuring included employee severance and termination costs, contract termination costs, professional fees and other related costs such as moving and set-up costs for equipment and costs to restore the engineering function previously located at the Canton Facility. We recognized expense as a result of these actions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 0.0 million and less than 0.1 million, respectively. We do not expect to incur additional costs related to the Canton Restructuring. During the third quarter of 2020, we leased the Canton Facility to a third party. On June 17, 2021, we sold the Canton Facility for net proceeds of 35.2 million and a net gain of 30.7 million. 
 On April 1, 2019, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Stoneridge Control Devices, Inc. SCD ), and Standard Motor Products, Inc. SMP ). On the same day pursuant to the APA, in exchange for 40.0 million (subject to a post-closing inventory adjustment which was a payment to SMP of 1.6 million) and the assumption of certain liabilities, the Company and SCD sold to SMP product lines and assets related to certain non-core switches and connectors (the Non-core Products ). On April 1, 2019, the Company and SMP also entered into certain ancillary agreements, including a transition services agreement, a contract manufacturing agreement and a supply agreement, pursuant to which the Company provided and was compensated for certain manufacturing, transitional, administrative and support services to SMP on a short-term basis. The products related to the Non-core Products were manufactured in Juarez, Mexico and Canton, Massachusetts, and included ball switches, ignition switches, rotary switches, courtesy lamps, toggle switches, headlamp switches and other related components. On April 1, 2019, the Company s Control Devices segment recognized net sales and costs of goods sold of 4.2 million and 2.8 million, respectively, for the one-time sale of finished goods inventory and a gain on disposal of 33.9 million for the sale of fixed assets, intellectual property and customer lists associated with the Non-core Products less transaction costs. On June 17, 2020, the Company and SMP terminated the transition services agreement and the contract manufacturing agreement. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company undertook restructuring actions for the Electronics segment affecting the European Aftermarket business and China operations. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company finalized plans to move its European Aftermarket sales activities in Dundee, Scotland to a new location, which resulted in incurring contract termination costs as well as employee severance and termination costs. In addition, the Company announced an additional restructuring program to transfer the European production of its Controls product line to China. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized expense of 0.0 million and 0.3 million, respectively, as a result of these actions for related costs. The Company does not expect to incur additional restructuring costs related to the Electronics segment. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 On October 26, 2018, the Company announced a Board of Directors approved share repurchase program authorizing Stoneridge to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our Common Shares. Thereafter, on May 7, 2019, we announced that the Company had entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement with Citibank N.A. to repurchase an aggregate of 50.0 million of our Common Shares. Pursuant to the accelerated share repurchase agreement we made an upfront payment of 50.0 million and received an initial delivery of 1,349,528 Common Shares which became treasury shares. On February 25, 2020, Citibank N.A. terminated early its commitment pursuant to the accelerated share repurchase agreement and delivered to the Company, 364,604 Common Shares representing the final settlement of the Company s repurchase program which became treasury shares. 
 On February 24, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program of 50.0 million for the repurchase of our Common Shares over an 18 month period. The repurchases could be made from time to time in either open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions. Repurchases could also have been made under rule 10b-18, which permit Common Shares to be repurchased through pre-determined criteria. The timing, volume and nature of common share repurchases was at the discretion of management, dependent on market conditions, other priorities of cash investment, applicable securities laws and other factors. This Common Share repurchase program authorization did not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Common Shares, and could have been suspended or discontinued at any time. For the quarter ended March 31, 2020, under this repurchase program, the Company repurchased 242,634 Common Shares for 5.0 million, which became treasury shares, in accordance with this repurchase program authorization. In April 2020, the Company announced that it was temporarily suspending the previously announced share repurchase program in response to uncertainty surrounding the duration and magnitude of the impact of COVID-19. This repurchase program authorization expired during the third quarter of 2021 and no additional shares were repurchased. 
 We regularly evaluate the performance of our businesses and their cost structures, including personnel, and make necessary changes thereto in order to optimize our results. We also evaluate the required skill sets of our personnel and periodically make strategic changes. As a consequence of these actions, we incur severance related costs which we refer to as business realignment charges. Business realignment costs of 0.3 million and 1.4 million were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Because of the competitive nature of the markets we serve, we face pricing pressures from our customers in the ordinary course of business. In response to these pricing pressures we have been able to effectively manage our production costs by the combination of lowering certain costs and limiting the increase of others, the net impact of which to date has not been material. However, if we are unable to effectively manage production costs in the future to mitigate future pricing pressures, our results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared To Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales are presented in the following table (in thousands): 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar increase / (decrease) Net sales 899,923 100.0 770,462 100.0 129,461 Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold 724,997 80.6 603,604 78.3 121,393 Selling, general and administrative 106,695 11.9 116,000 15.1 (9,305) Gain on sale of Canton Facility, net (30,718) (4.0) 30,718 Design and development 65,296 7.3 66,165 8.6 (869) Operating income 2,935 0.3 15,411 2.0 (12,476) Interest expense, net 7,097 0.8 5,189 0.7 1,908 Equity in loss (earnings) of investee 823 0.1 (3,658) (0.5) 4,481 Other expense, net 5,711 0.6 1,444 0.3 4,267 (Loss) income before income taxes (10,696) (1.2) 12,436 1.5 (23,132) Provision for income taxes 3,360 0.4 9,030 1.2 (5,670) Net (loss) income (14,056) (1.6) 3,406 0.3 (17,462) 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Net Sales. Net sales for our reportable segments, excluding inter-segment sales are summarized in the following table (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase / (decrease) Control Devices 342,596 38.1 355,775 46.1 (13,179) (3.7) Electronics 505,097 56.1 357,910 46.5 147,187 41.1 Stoneridge Brazil 52,230 5.8 56,777 7.4 (4,547) (8.0) Total net sales 899,923 100.0 770,462 100.0 129,461 16.8 
 Our Control Devices segment net sales decreased 13.2 million due to lower sales volumes in our served markets and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 20.0 million and 2.3 million, respectively, which were offset by negotiated price increases of 9.1 million. Sales volumes decreased in our China commercial, North American commercial and China automotive markets of 5.8 million, 3.4 million and 2.3 million, respectively. European automotive and commercial vehicle markets decreased by 10.3 million and 2.4 million, respectively, due to our exit of the PM sensor business. Net sales for 2022 were favorably impacted by an increase in our North American automotive markets of 2.9 million compared to the prior year. 
 Our Electronics segment net sales increased 147.2 million due to higher sales volumes in our European commercial, North American commercial, European off-highway vehicle and North American off-highway markets of 55.1 million, 33.8 million, 18.2 million and 6.0 million, respectively. In addition, 2022 net sales were favorably impacted by both customer pricing for recoveries of electronic component spot buy purchases and for negotiated price increases of 40.8 million and 23.0 million, respectively. These increases were offset by unfavorable euro and Swedish krona foreign currency translation compared to the prior year of 28.8 million. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment net sales decreased 4.5 million due to lower sales in most Stoneridge Brazil product lines of 7.8 million offset by favorable foreign currency translation of 2.6 million and higher sales of tracking devices and monitoring services fees of 0.7 million. 
 Net sales by geographic location are summarized in the following table (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase / (decrease) North America 444,928 49.4 386,944 50.2 57,984 15.0 South America 52,230 5.8 56,777 7.4 (4,547) (8.0) Europe and Other 402,765 44.8 326,741 42.4 76,024 23.3 Total net sales 899,923 100.0 770,462 100.0 129,461 16.8 
 
 The increase in North American net sales was mostly attributable to increases in sales volume in our Electronics segment commercial vehicle and off-highway markets of 33.8 million and 6.0 million, respectively and in our Control Devices segment automotive market of 2.9 million offset by sales volume decreases in our Control Devices segment commercial vehicle market of 3.4 million. In addition, North American net sales were favorably impacted by negotiated price increases of 16.1 million and customer recoveries of semiconductor spot buy purchases of 0.7 million. 
 The decrease in net sales in South America was primarily due to lower sales in most Stoneridge Brazil product lines of 7.8 million offset by favorable foreign currency translation of 2.6 million and higher sales of tracking devices and monitoring service fees of 0.7 million. 
 The increase in net sales in Europe and Other was due to customer recoveries of semiconductor spot buy purchases and negotiated price increases of 40.1 million and 15.9 million, respectively and increases in our Electronics segment European commercial vehicle and European off-highway markets of 52.9 million and 18.2 million, respectively. This increase for Europe and Other was offset by decreases in our Control Devices European automotive and commercial vehicle markets of 10.4 million and 2.4 million, respectively, and China commercial vehicle and automotive markets of 5.8 million and 2.3 million, respectively. In addition, Europe and Other net sales decreased 31.1 million due to unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Margin. Cost of goods sold increased compared to 2021 and our gross margin decreased to 19.4 in 2022 compared to 21.7 in 2021. Our material cost as a percentage of net sales increased by 4.8 to 61.8 in 2022 compared to 57.0 in 2021 primarily caused by costs associated with supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components and inflation. In 2022, cost of goods sold increased by 58.4 million, or 6.5 of net sales, due to semiconductor spot buy purchases that was offset by customer recoveries. The impact of these spot buy 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 purchases reduced gross margin percent by 1.4 . Overhead as a percentage of net sales decreased by 1.9 to 14.2 for 2022 compared to 16.1 for 2021 primarily due to leverage of fixed costs from higher sales levels . 
 Our Control Devices segment gross margin decreased due to higher material costs associated with supply chain disruptions and inflation offset by negotiated price increases and lower restructuring and realignment costs of 1.5 million. 
 Our Electronics segment gross margin increased primarily due to increased contribution from higher sales levels and favorable negotiated pricing offset by higher material costs associated with supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components, adverse foreign exchange fluctuations and inflation. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment gross margin as a percentage of sales was consistent with the prior year as adverse leverage of fixed costs from lower product sales was offset by favorable sales mix from a greater percentage of monitoring service fees. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A ). SG A expenses decreased by 9.3 million compared to 2021 due to favorable non-recurring 2022 commercial and legal settlements, lower wages, incentive compensation, legal fees and selling costs. In addition, compared to 2021, SG A was favorably impacted by an unfavorable adjustment to the fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration in 2021, lower business realignment and restructuring costs and Sarasota environmental remediation costs incurred in 2021. Offsetting these favorable items were the 2021 gain on disposal of the MSIL joint venture, the 2021 gain on disposal of the PM Sensor business and unfavorable net adjustments for Brazilian indirect tax credits. 
 Design and Development D D ). D D costs decreased by 0.9 million due to higher customer reimbursements for ongoing development activities in our Electronics segment of 8.3 million that were offset by increased spend for awarded business program launches and development of advanced technologies and systems in our Electronics, Control Devices and Stoneridge Brazil segments. 
 Operating Income (Loss). Operating income (loss) is summarized in the following table by reportable segment (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase / (decrease) Control Devices 23,917 54,933 (31,016) (56.5) Electronics 5,128 (12,502) 17,630 141.0 Stoneridge Brazil 3,150 995 2,155 216.6 Unallocated corporate (29,260) (28,015) (1,245) (4.4) Operating income (loss) 2,935 15,411 (12,476) (81.0) 
 Our Control Devices segment operating income decreased due to the gain on sale of the Canton Facility of 30.7 million in 2021 and the gain on disposal of the PM sensor business of 1.1 million in 2021. 
 Our Electronics segment operating income increased from higher contribution from increased sales levels and lower SG A and D D costs from higher customer reimbursements. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment operating income increased primarily due to lower SG A expenses from the unfavorable adjustment to the fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration in 2021 and lower selling costs offset by lower gross margin and unfavorable net adjustments for Brazilian indirect tax credits. 
 Our unallocated corporate operating loss increased due to the 2021 gain on disposal of the MSIL joint venture offset by lower business realignment. 
 Operating income (loss) by geographic location is summarized in the following table (in thousands): 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase / (decrease) North America (2,066) 13,072 (15,138) (115.8) South America 3,150 995 2,155 216.6 Europe and Other 1,851 1,344 507 37.7 Operating income (loss) 2,935 15,411 (12,476) (81.0) 
 Our North American operating income decreased due to the 2021 gains on the sale of the Canton Facility, the disposal of the MSIL joint venture and the PM Sensor business. and higher material costs from supply chain disruptions. Offsetting 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 these gains were increased contribution from higher sales levels and 2022 non-recurring commercial and legal settlements. The increase in operating income in South America was primarily due to an unfavorable change in fair value of earn-out consideration adjustments of 2.1 million in 2021 and lower selling costs offset by lower contribution from lower sales levels and an unfavorable net adjustments for Brazilian indirect tax credits. Our operating results in Europe and Other increased slightly primarily due to higher contribution from increased sales levels and the favorable impact of negotiated pricing offset by higher costs from supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components net of recoveries and adverse foreign exchange fluctuations and inflation. 
 Interest Expense, net. Interest expense, net increased by 1.9 million compared to 2021 due to higher Credit Facility interest rates and 0.4 million related to the write-off of deferred financing fees as a result of Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Facility. 
 Equity in Loss (Earnings) of Investee. Equity loss (earnings) for Autotech were 0.8 million and (1.9) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The decrease in Autotech earnings was due to unfavorable 2022 fair value adjustments to fund investments. Equity earnings for MSIL were 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company sold its equity interest in MSIL on December 30, 2021. 
 Other Expense, net . We record certain foreign currency transaction losses (gains) as a component of other income, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Other expense, net of 5.7 million, increased by 4.3 million in 2022 compared to other expense, net of 1.4 million for 2021 primarily due to foreign currency transaction losses in our Electronics, Control Devices and Stoneridge Brazil segments from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. 
 Provision for Income Taxes. In 2022, income tax expense of 3.4 million was attributable to the mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions as well as tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions and U.S. taxes on foreign earnings offset by tax credits and incentives. The effective tax rate of (31.4) varies from the statutory tax rate primarily due to tax credits and incentives offset by the impact of tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions as well as U.S. tax on foreign earnings. 
 In 2021, income tax expense of 9.0 million was attributable to the gain on the sale of the Canton facility, the gain on the sale of the Company s minority interest in MSIL, the mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions as well as tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions. The effective tax rate of 72.6 was greater than the statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions, the tax impact of the sale of the Company s minority interest in MSIL, partially offset by tax incentives. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared To Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales are presented in the following table (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollar increase / (decrease) Net sales 770,462 100.0 648,006 100.0 122,456 Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold 603,604 78.3 493,810 76.2 109,794 Selling, general and administrative 116,000 15.1 112,474 17.4 3,526 Gain on sale of Canton Facility, net (30,718) (4.0) (30,718) Design and development 66,165 8.6 49,386 7.6 16,779 Operating income (loss) 15,411 2.0 (7,664) (1.2) 23,075 Interest expense, net 5,189 0.7 6,124 0.9 (935) Equity in earnings of investee (3,658) (0.5) (1,536) (0.2) (2,122) Other expense (income), net 1,444 0.3 (1,528) (0.2) 2,972 Income (loss) before income taxes 12,436 1.5 (10,724) (1.7) 23,160 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 9,030 1.2 (2,774) (0.4) 11,804 Net income (loss) 3,406 0.3 (7,950) (1.3) 11,356 
 Net Sales. Net sales for our reportable segments, excluding inter-segment sales are summarized in the following table (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase /(decrease) Control Devices 355,775 46.1 342,576 52.9 13,199 3.9 Electronics 357,910 46.5 257,767 39.7 100,143 38.9 Stoneridge Brazil 56,777 7.4 47,663 7.4 9,114 19.1 Total net sales 770,462 100.0 648,006 100.0 122,456 18.9 
 Our Control Devices segment net sales increased 13.2 million due to recovery from 2020 COVID-19 impacts in our North American automotive and agricultural vehicle markets of 23.4 million and 2.7 million, respectively, and an increase in our China automotive and commercial vehicle markets of 3.8 million and 0.4 million, respectively, as well as a favorable foreign currency translation of 3.2 million. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in volumes in our European automotive market of 16.7 million due to the exit of PM sensor production and a decrease in volumes in our North American commercial vehicle market of 4.3 million. 
 Our Electronics segment net sales increased 100.1 million due to recovery from 2020 COVID-19 impacts in our North American and European commercial vehicle and European and North American off-highway vehicle markets of 28.7 million, 28.4 million, 14.4 million and 5.3 million, respectively, as well as favorable euro and Swedish krona foreign currency translation of 5.0 million compared to the prior year period. In the fourth quarter, net sales increased by 17.6 million due to customer pricing for recoveries of electronic component spot buy purchases. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment net sales increased 9.1 million due to higher volumes for all of our product lines and for our Argentina market channel offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of 3.0 million. 
 Net sales by geographic location are summarized in the following table (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollar increase Percent increase North America 386,944 50.2 330,528 51.0 56,416 17.1 South America 56,777 7.4 47,663 7.4 9,114 19.1 Europe and Other 326,741 42.4 269,815 41.6 56,926 21.1 Total net sales 770,462 100.0 648,006 100.0 122,456 18.9 
 The increase in North American net sales was attributable to sales volume increases in our North American commercial vehicle, automotive and off-highway markets of 24.5 million, 22.5 million and 6.2 million, respectively and customer pricing for recoveries of semiconductor spot buy purchases of 2.4 million. The increase in net sales in South America was 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 due to higher volumes for all of our Stoneridge Brazil product lines and for our Argentina market channel offset by unfavorable Brazilian real foreign currency translation of 3.0 million. The increase in net sales in Europe and Other was primarily due to increases in our European commercial vehicle and off-highway markets of 28.4 million and 14.4 million, respectively, and increases in our China automotive and agricultural vehicle markets of 3.8 million and 2.2 million, respectively. Europe and Other net sales also increased due to customer pricing for recoveries of semiconductor spot buy purchases of 15.2 million and favorable foreign currency translation of 8.2 million. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in volumes in our European automotive market of 16.7 million due to the exit of PM sensor production. 
 Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Margin. Cost of goods sold increased compared to 2020 and our gross margin decreased to 21.7 in 2021 compared to 23.8 in 2020. Our material cost as a percentage of net sales increased by 4.2 to 57.0 in 2021 compared to 52.8 in 2020 primarily caused by costs associated with supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components. In 2021, cost of goods sold increased by 17.6 million, or 2.3 of net sales, due to semiconductor spot buy purchases which was offset by customer recoveries. Overhead as a percentage of net sales decreased by 2.0 to 16.1 for 2021 compared to 18.0 for 2020 primarily due to leverage of fixed costs from higher sales levels offset by higher incremental freight costs . 
 Our Control Devices segment gross margin decreased due to costs associated with supply chain disruptions offset by lower restructuring and realignment costs of 1.7 million and favorable leverage of fixed costs from higher sales levels. 
 Our Electronics segment gross margin decreased primarily due to higher costs associated with supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components offsetting favorable leverage of fixed costs from higher sales levels. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment gross margin decreased due to adverse sales mix from higher product sales compared to monitoring fees and higher costs associated with supply chain disruptions offset by favorable leverage of fixed costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative. SG A expenses increased by 3.5 million compared to 2020 due to a 5.3 million increase in net adjustments to the fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration and higher professional service costs which were offset by lower incentive compensation costs and the 2021 gain on disposal of the PM sensor business of 1.1 million and the MSIL joint venture of 1.8 million. 
 Design and Development. D D costs increased by 16.8 million mostly due to increased spend in our Electronics segment of 14.4 million comprised of higher consulting and prototype costs as well as lower customer reimbursements offset by higher capitalized software development costs for ongoing development activities for awarded business programs and development of advanced technologies and systems. 
 Operating Income (Loss). Operating income (loss) is summarized in the following table by reportable segment (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase / (decrease) Control Devices 54,933 22,072 32,861 148.9 Electronics (12,502) (3,672) (8,830) (240.5) Stoneridge Brazil 995 3,766 (2,771) (73.6) Unallocated corporate (28,015) (29,830) 1,815 6.1 Operating income (loss) 15,411 (7,664) 23,075 301.1 
 Our Control Devices segment operating income increased due to the gain on sale of the Canton Facility of 30.7 million, the gain on disposal of the PM sensor business of 1.1 million and a decrease in restructuring expense of 4.0 million offset by higher costs from supply chain disruptions and higher Sarasota environmental remediation costs. 
 Our Electronics segment operating loss increased primarily due to higher costs from supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components net of recoveries and higher D D costs offset by higher sales. 
 Our Stoneridge Brazil segment operating income decreased primarily due to a 5.3 million increase in net adjustments to the fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration and the impairment of Brazilian indirect tax credits of 0.7 million offset by higher sales. 
 Our unallocated corporate operating loss was lower due to lower incentive compensation benefits as a result of Company performance and the gain on the disposal of the MSIL joint venture offset by higher business realignment costs of 0.8 million and higher professional service costs. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income (loss) by geographic location is summarized in the following table (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollar increase / (decrease) Percent increase / (decrease) North America 13,072 (22,179) 35,251 158.9 South America 995 3,766 (2,771) (73.6) Europe and Other 1,344 10,749 (9,405) (87.5) Operating income (loss) 15,411 (7,664) 23,075 301.1 
 Our North American operating income increased due to the gain on sales of the Canton Facility, the PM sensor business and the MSIL joint venture, higher sales in our automotive and commercial vehicle markets and lower restructuring costs offsetting higher costs from supply chain disruptions. The decrease in operating income in South America was primarily due to an unfavorable change in fair value of earn-out consideration adjustments of 5.3 million offsetting higher sales. Our operating results in Europe and Other decreased primarily due to higher costs from supply chain disruptions including spot purchases of electronic components net of recoveries and higher D D costs offset by higher sales in our commercial vehicle and off-highway markets as well as a favorable foreign currency translation impact. 
 Interest Expense, net. Interest expense, net decreased by 0.9 million compared to 2020 due to higher interest income of 1.2 million at Stoneridge Brazil from monetary correction on indirect tax credits. Offsetting this increase was higher interest expense from Credit Facility borrowings. 
 Equity in Earnings of Investee. Equity earnings for MSIL were 1.8 million and 1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company sold its equity interest in MSIL on December 30, 2021. Equity earnings for Autotech were 1.9 million and 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . The increase in Autotech earnings was due to favorable 2021 fair value adjustments to fund investments. 
 Other Expense (Income), net . We record certain foreign currency transaction losses (gains) as a component of other income, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Other expense (income), net of 1.4 million, increased by 2.9 million in 2021 compared to other income, net of 1.5 million for 2020 primarily due to 2021 foreign currency losses in our Electronics segment and 2020 foreign currency transaction gains in our Stoneridge Brazil and Electronics segments. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes. In 2021, income tax expense of 9.0 million was attributable to the gain on the sale of the Canton facility, the gain on the sale of the Company s minority interest in MSIL, the mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions as well as tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions. The effective tax rate of 72.6 is greater than the statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions, the tax impact of the sale of the Company s minority interest in MSIL, partially offset by tax incentives. 
 In 2020, income tax benefit of (2.8) million was attributable to the mix of earnings and losses among tax jurisdictions as well as tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions. The effective tax rate of 25.9 is slightly greater than the statutory tax rate primarily due to non-deductible expenses and tax losses for which no benefit is recognized due to valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions offset by the impact of certain incentives. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Summary of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar increase / (decrease) Net cash provided by (used for): Operating activities 6,806 (36,248) 43,054 Investing activities (28,581) 28,041 (56,622) Financing activities (7,297) 22,876 (30,173) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (1,677) (3,041) 1,364 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (30,749) 11,628 (42,377) 
 Cash provided by operating activities increased compared to 2021 primarily due to a reduction in cash used to fund working capital levels primarily for inventory due to supply chain disruptions and new product launches. Our receivable terms and collections rates have remained consistent between periods presented. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used for investing activities increased compared to the prior year due to 2021 proceeds from the sale of the Canton Facility, from the disposal of the MSIL joint venture and from the disposal of the PM sensor business as well as higher capital expenditures and capitalized software costs which were offset by 2022 proceeds from the settlement of the net investment hedges and lower investments in the Autotech Fund II. 
 Net cash used for financing activities increased compared to the prior year primarily due to lower Credit Facility net borrowings and the 2022 cash payment of Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration. 
 Summary of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): Years ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollar increase / (decrease) Net cash provided by (used for): Operating activities (36,248) 28,641 (64,889) Investing activities 28,041 (33,885) 61,926 Financing activities 22,876 6,513 16,363 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (3,041) 3,247 (6,288) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 11,628 4,516 7,112 
 Cash used for operating activities increased compared to 2020 primarily due to an increase in cash used to fund working capital levels primarily for inventory, which was impacted by supply chain disruptions and production volatilities, offset by higher net income, net of the reconciling adjustment for the gain on the sale of the Canton Facility. Our receivable terms and collections rates have remained consistent between periods presented. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities increased compared to 2020 due to proceeds from the sale of the Canton Facility, from the disposal of the MSIL joint venture and from the disposal of the PM sensor business as well as lower capital expenditures and capitalized software costs which were offset by higher investments in the Autotech Fund II. 
 Net cash used for financing activities increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher Credit Facility net borrowings. 
 
 Summary of Future Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our future cash outflows resulting from financial contracts and commitments, as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): Total Less than 1 year 2-3 years 4-5 years After 5 years Credit Facility 167,802 167,802 Debt 1,450 1,450 Interest payments (A) 
 15,852 10,577 5,275 Operating leases 16,547 4,357 7,152 3,059 1,979 Total contractual obligations (B) 
 201,651 16,384 180,229 3,059 1,979 
 (A) Includes estimated payments under the Company s Credit Facility and other debt obligations using the most current interest rate and principal balance information available at December 31, 2022, extended through the end of the term. 
 (B) In December 2018, the Company entered into an agreement to make a 10.0 million investment in a fund Autotech Fund II managed by Autotech Ventures Autotech ), a venture capital firm focused on ground transportation technology. The Company s 10.0 million investment in the Autotech Fund II will be contributed over the expected ten year life of the fund. The Company has contributed 8.1 million to the Autotech Fund II since December 2018. 
 Management will continue to focus on efficiently managing its weighted-average cost of capital and believes that cash flows from operations and the availability of funds from our Credit Facility provides sufficient liquidity to meet our future growth and operating needs. 
 As outlined in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements, the Credit Facility permits borrowing up to a maximum level of 300.0 million, as amended on February 28, 2022, by Amendment No. 3 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 3 . This variable rate facility provides the flexibility to refinance other outstanding debt or finance acquisitions through June 2024. The Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants that require the Company to maintain less than a maximum leverage ratio and more than a minimum interest coverage ratio. The Credit Facility also contains affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are customary for credit arrangements of this type 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 including covenants that place restrictions and/or limitations on the Company s ability to borrow money, make capital expenditures and pay dividends. The Credit Facility had an outstanding balance of 167.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Due to the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s end-markets and the resulting expected financial impacts on the Company, on June 26, 2020, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 1 ). Amendment No. 1 provided for certain covenant relief and restrictions during the Covenant Relief Period (the period ending on the date that the Company delivered a compliance certificate for the quarter ending June 30, 2021). The Covenant Relief Period ended on August 14, 2021. During the Covenant Relief Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was suspended; 
 the calculation of the minimum interest coverage ratio excluded second quarter 2020 financial results effective for the quarters ended September 30, 2020 through March 31, 2021; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.50 was reduced to 2.75 and 3.25 for the quarters ended December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, respectively; 
 the Company s liquidity could not be less than 150,000; 
 the Company s aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents could not exceed 130,000; 
 there were certain restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) could not be consummated unless otherwise approved in writing by the required lenders. 
 Amendment No. 1 increased the leverage based LIBOR pricing grid through the maturity date and also provided for a LIBOR floor of 50 basis points on outstanding borrowings excluding any Specified Hedge Borrowings (as defined) which remained subject to a LIBOR floor of 0 basis points. 
 On December 17, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2 ). Amendment No. 2 implemented non-LIBOR interest reference rates for borrowings in euros and British pounds. 
 Due to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions on the Company s end-markets and the resulting financial impacts on the Company, on February 28, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3. Amendment No. 3 reduced the total revolving credit commitments from 400.0 million to 300.0 million and the maximum permitted amount of swing loans from 40.0 million to 30.0 million . Amendment No. 3 provides for certain financial covenant relief and additional covenant restrictions during the Specified Period (the period from February 28, 2022 until the date that the Company delivers a compliance certificate for the quarter ending March 31, 2023 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). During the Specified Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was changed to 4.00 to 1.00 for the year ended December 31, 2021, suspended for the quarters ending March 31, 2022 through September 30, 2022 and cannot exceed 4.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 or 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.50 was reduced to 2.50 for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, 2.25 for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and 3.00 for the quarters ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022; 
 an additional condition to drawing on the Credit Facility has been added that restricts borrowings if the Company s total of 100 of domestic and 65 of foreign cash and cash equivalents exceeds 70.0 million; 
 there are certain additional restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) may not be consummated unless the net leverage ratio is below 3.50 to 1.00 during the Specified Period. 
 Amendment No. 3 changed the leverage based LIBOR pricing grid through the maturity date and also retained a LIBOR floor of 50 basis points on outstanding borrowings excluding any Specified Hedge Borrowings (as defined) which remained subject to a LIBOR floor of 0 basis points. 
 Amendment No. 3 also incorporates hardwired mechanics to permit a future replacement of LIBOR as the interest reference rate without lender consent. 
 Due to continued supply chain disruptions and macroeconomic challenges on the Company s end-markets and the resulting financial impacts on the Company, on March 1, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4. Amendment No. 4 provides for certain financial covenant relief and additional covenant restrictions during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period (the period from March 1, 2023 until the date that the Company delivers a compliance certificate for the quarter ending September 30, 2023 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). During the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was changed to 4.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 and 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ended June 30, 2023; 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 the minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.50 was reduced to 3.00 for the quarters ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023; 
 drawing on the Credit Facility continues to be restricted if the Company's total of 100 of domestic and 65 of foreign cash and cash equivalents exceeds 70.0 million; 
 there continue to be certain additional restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 consistent with Amendment No. 3, a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) may not be consummated unless the net leverage ratio is below 3.50 to 1.00 during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period. 
 As a result of the amendments, the Company was in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2022. The Company has not experienced a violation that would limit the Company s ability to borrow under the Credit Facility, as amended and does not expect that the covenants under it will restrict the Company s financing flexibility. However, it is possible that future borrowing flexibility under the Credit Facility may be limited as a result of lower than expected financial performance due to the adverse impact of supply chain disruptions and COVID-19 on the Company s markets and general global demand. The Company expects to make additional repayments on the Credit Facility when cash exceeds the amount needed for operations and to remain in compliance with all covenants. 
 Stoneridge Brazil maintained short-term loans used for working capital purposes during 2021 and 2020. There were no borrowings outstanding on these notes at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary located in Stockholm, Sweden, has an overdraft credit line which allows overdrafts on the subsidiary s bank account up to a daily maximum level of 20.0 million Swedish krona, or 1.9 million and 2.2 million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding on this overdraft credit line. At December 31, 2021, there was 19.0 million Swedish krona, or 2.1 million outstanding on this overdraft credit line. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the subsidiary borrowed 380.7 million Swedish krona, or 36.6 million, and repaid 399.6 million Swedish krona, or 38.4 million. 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary located in Suzhou, China, has lines of credit which allow up to a maximum borrowing level of 20.0 million Chinese yuan, or 2.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 50.0 million Chinese yuan, or 7.9 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was 1.5 million and 3.1 million, respectively, in borrowings outstanding recorded within current portion of debt. In addition, the Suzhou subsidiary has a bank acceptance draft line of credit which facilitates the extension of trade payable payment terms by 180 days. The bank acceptance draft line of credit allows up to a maximum borrowing level of 60.0 million Chinese yuan, or 8.7 million, at December 31, 2022 and 15.0 million Chinese yuan, or 2.4 million at December 31, 2021. There was 2.0 million and 2.2 million utilized on the Suzhou bank acceptance draft line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company committed to the strategic exit of its Control Devices particulate matter sensor product line. The costs for the PM Sensor Exit include employee severance and termination costs and other related costs including supplier settlements. Non-cash charges included impairment and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets associated with PM sensor production. We recognized 0.0 million and 2.4 million of expense as a result of this initiative during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The only remaining costs relate to potential commercial settlements and legal fees which we continue to negotiate. The estimated additional costs related to these settlements and fees is up to 4.2 million . 
 In January 2019, the Company committed to a restructuring plan that resulted in the closure of its Canton Facility as of March 31, 2020 and the consolidation of manufacturing operations at that site into other Company locations. The costs for the Canton Restructuring included employee severance and termination costs, contract termination costs, professional fees and other related costs such as moving and set-up costs for equipment and costs to restore the engineering function previously located at the Canton Facility. We recognized expense as a result of these actions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 0.0 million and less than 0.1 million, respectively. During the third quarter of 2020, we leased the Canton facility to a third party. On June 17, 2021, we sold the Canton Facility for net proceeds of 35.2 million and a net gain of 30.7 million. 
 On October 26, 2018, the Company announced a Board of Directors approved share repurchase program authorizing Stoneridge to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our Common Shares. Thereafter, on May 7, 2019, we announced that the Company had entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement with Citibank N.A. to repurchase an aggregate of 50.0 million of our Common Shares. Pursuant to the accelerated share repurchase agreement we made an upfront payment of 50.0 million and received an initial delivery of 1,349,528 Common Shares which became treasury shares. On February 25, 2020, Citibank N.A. terminated early its commitment pursuant to the accelerated share repurchase agreement and delivered to the Company, 364,604 Common Shares representing the final settlement of the Company s repurchase program which became treasury shares. 
 On February 24, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program for 50.0 million of our Common Shares over an 18 month period. The repurchases could be made from time to time in either open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions. Repurchases could also have been made under rule 10b-18, which permits Common Shares to be repurchased through pre-determined criteria. The timing, volume and nature of repurchases of Common Shares was at the discretion of management, dependent on market conditions, other priorities of cash investment, 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 applicable securities laws and other factors. This Common Share repurchase program authorization did not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Common Shares, and it could have been suspended or discontinued at any time. For the quarter ended March 31, 2020, the Company repurchased 242,634 Common Shares for 5.0 million in accordance with this repurchase program authorization. In April 2020, the Company announced that it was temporarily suspending the previously announced share repurchase program in response to uncertainty surrounding the duration and magnitude of the impact of COVID-19. This repurchase program authorization expired during the third quarter of 2021 and no additional shares were repurchased. 
 In January 2020, Stoneridge Brazil paid dividends to former noncontrolling interest holders of Brazilian real R 24.2 million 6.0 million). The dividends payable balance included R 3.7 million 1.0 million) in monetary correction for the year ended December 31, 2019 based on the Brazilian National Extended Consumer Price inflation index. 
 In December 2018, the Company entered into an agreement to make a 10.0 million investment in a fund Autotech Fund II managed by Autotech Ventures Autotech ), a venture capital firm focused on ground transportation technology. The Company s 10.0 million investment in the Autotech Fund II will be contributed over the expected ten-year life of the fund. As of December 31 2022, the Company s cumulative investment in the Autotech Fund II was 8.1 million. The Company contributed 1.0 million and 3.2 million, net to the Autotech Fund II during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our future results could also be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We have significant foreign denominated transaction exposure in certain locations, especially in Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Sweden, Estonia, the Netherlands, United Kingdom and China. We have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce our exposure related to certain foreign currency fluctuations. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. Our future results could also be unfavorably affected by increased commodity prices as commodity fluctuations impact the cost of our raw material purchases. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a cash and cash equivalents balance of approximately 54.8 million, of which 91.4 was held in foreign locations. The Company has approximately 132.2 million of undrawn commitments under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022, which results in total undrawn commitments and cash balances of more than 185.4 million. However, despite the March 1, 2023 amendment, it is possible that future borrowing flexibility under our Credit Facility may be limited as a result of our financial performance. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for disclosures of the Company s commitments and contingencies. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our Control Devices and Electronics segments are moderately seasonal, impacted by mid-year and year-end shutdowns and the ramp-up of new model production at key customers. In addition, the demand for our Stoneridge Brazil segment consumer products is generally higher in the second half of the year. 
 
 Inflation and International Presence 
 By operating internationally, we are affected by foreign currency exchange rates and the economic conditions of certain countries. Furthermore, given the current economic climate and recent fluctuations in certain commodity prices, we believe that an increase in such items could significantly affect our profitability. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on the Company s commodity price and foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and assumptions used in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 Our critical accounting policies, those most important to the financial presentation and those that are the most complex, subjective or require significant judgment, are as follows. For additional information, see Item 8 of Part II, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition and Sales Commitments. We recognize revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with our customer are satisfied; generally this occurs with the transfer of control of our products and services, which is usually when the parts are shipped or delivered to the customer s premises. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. The transaction price will include estimates of variable consideration to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will not occur. Incidental items that are not significant in the context of the contract are recognized as expense. Revenue for OEM and Tier 1 supplier customers and aftermarket products are recognized at the point in time it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of a part to the customer. A small portion of our sales are comprised of monitoring services of which the revenue is recognized over the life of the contract. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our revenue recognition policies, including recognizing revenue based on satisfying performance obligations. 
 Warranties. Our warranty liability is established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing and future claims on products sold as of the balance sheet dates. These accruals are based on several factors including past experience, production changes, industry developments and various other considerations. Our estimate is based on historical trends of units sold and claim payment amounts, combined with our current understanding of the status of existing claims and discussions with our customers. The key factors in our estimate are the stated or implied warranty period, the customer source, customer policy decisions regarding warranties and customers seeking to hold the company responsible for their product warranties. Although we believe that our warranty liability is adequate and that the judgment applied is appropriate, such amounts estimated to be due and payable could differ materially from what will actually transpire in the future. 
 Contingencies. We are subject to legal proceedings and claims, including product liability claims, commercial or contractual disputes, environmental enforcement actions and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. We routinely assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as ranges of probable losses, by consulting with internal personnel principally involved with such matters and with our outside legal counsel handling such matters. 
 We have accrued for estimated losses when it is probable that a liability or loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Contingencies by their nature relate to uncertainties that require the exercise of judgment both in assessing whether or not a liability or loss has been incurred and estimating that amount of probable loss. The liabilities may change in the future due to new developments or changes in circumstances. The inherent uncertainty related to the outcome of these matters can result in amounts materially different from any provisions made with respect to their resolution. 
 Income Taxes. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the basis of such assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and regulations. Our deferred tax assets include, among other items, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits that can be used to offset taxable income in future periods and reduce income taxes payable in those future periods. Our U.S. state and foreign net operating losses expire at various times or have indefinite expiration dates. Our U.S. federal general business credits, if unused, begin to expire in 2026, and the state and foreign tax credits expire at various times. 
 Accounting standards require that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. This assessment requires significant judgment, and in making this evaluation, the Company considers available positive and negative evidence, including the potential to carryback net operating losses and credits, the future release of certain taxable temporary differences, actual and forecasted results, and tax planning strategies that are both prudent and feasible. Certain deferred tax assets are dependent on future taxable income to be realized. Risk factors include U.S. and foreign economic conditions that affect the automotive and commercial vehicle markets of which the Company has significant operations. 
 The Company has recognized deferred taxes related to foreign withholding taxes and the expected foreign currency impact upon repatriation from foreign subsidiaries not considered indefinitely reinvested. 
 The Company has made an accounting policy election to reflect the impact of global intangible low-taxed income GILTI taxes, if any, as a current period tax expense when incurred. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The amendments in this update remove certain exceptions of Topic 740 including: exception to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation when there is a loss from continuing operations and income or gain from other items; exception to the requirement to recognize a deferred tax liability for equity method investments when a foreign subsidiary becomes an equity method investment; exception to the ability not to recognize a deferred tax liability for a foreign subsidiary when a foreign equity method investment becomes a subsidiary; exception to the general methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period when a year-to-date loss exceeds the anticipated loss for the year. There are also additional areas of guidance in regards to: franchise and other 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 taxes partially based on income and the interim recognition of enactment of tax laws and rate changes. The provisions of this ASU are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard prospectively as of January 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective basis. The impact of the adoption was a reduction to deferred tax liabilities and an increase to retained earnings of 13.8 million on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted as of December 31, 2021 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The guidance in ASU 2020-04 provides temporary optional expedient and exceptions to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (also known as the reference rate reform ). The guidance allows companies to elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by the reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. The guidance will also allow companies to elect various optional expedients which would allow them to continue to apply hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by the reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. The new standard was effective upon issuance and generally can be applied to applicable contract modifications through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet had contracts modified due to rate reform. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rates 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily from the effects of changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, approximately 99.1 of our outstanding debt was floating-rate and 0.9 was fixed-rate. We estimate that a 1.0 change in the interest costs of our floating-rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 would change interest expense on an annual basis by approximately 1.7 million. 
 Currency Exchange Rates 
 In addition to the United States, we have significant operations in Europe, South America, Mexico and China. As a result we are subject to translation risk because of the transactions of our foreign operations are in local currency (particularly the Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Mexican peso, euro, Swedish krona and Argentinian peso) and must be translated into U.S. dollars. As currency exchange rates fluctuate, the translation of our consolidated statements of operations into U.S. dollars affects the comparability of revenues, expenses, operating income, net income and earnings per share between years. 
 We have previously used derivative financial instruments, including foreign currency forward contracts, to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates by reducing the effect of such fluctuations on foreign currency denominated intercompany transactions, inventory material purchases and other foreign currency exposures. 
 As discussed in detail in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts the purpose of which is to reduce exposure related to the Company s future Mexican peso-denominated purchases. 
 We estimate that a 10.0 unidirectional change in currency exchange rates relative to the U.S dollar would have changed our income before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 by approximately 0.4 million. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The competitive marketplace in which we operate may limit our ability to recover increased costs through higher prices. As such, we are subject to market risk with respect to commodity price fluctuations principally related to our purchases of purchase of copper, steel, zinc, resins and certain other commodities through a combination of fixed price agreements, staggered short-term contract maturities and commercial negotiations with our suppliers and customers. In the future, if we believe that the terms of a fixed price agreement become beneficial to us, we will enter into another such instrument. We may also consider pursuing alternative commodities or alternative suppliers to mitigate this risk over a period of time. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Page Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 73 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Stoneridge, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stoneridge, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows and shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Product warranty and recall reserves Description of the Matter The Company's reserves for product warranty and recall totaled 13.5 million at December 31, 2022. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's reserve for product warranty and recall is based on several factors, including the historical trends of units sold and claim payment amounts, combined with the Company s current understanding of existing warranty and recall claims. The warranty liability requires a forecast of the resolution of existing claims as well as expected future claims on products previously sold. Auditing the Company s reserve for product warranty and recall is complex due to the measurement uncertainty associated with the estimate, management s judgment in determining the cost and volume estimates used in the computation as well as volume and costing assumptions in determining the expected future claims on products previously sold. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the product warranty and recall process. For example, we tested management review controls over the appropriateness of assumptions management used in the calculation and the completeness of warranty claims. To evaluate the reserve for product warranty and recall, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying claims data and costs used in the computation of management s estimate, performing inquiries of the Company s quality control team, and obtaining legal confirmation letters to evaluate the status and assessment of certain reserves. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s product warranty and recall reserves and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the impact to the reserve that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less reserves of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use asset Investments and other long-term assets, net Total long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Revolving credit facility Deferred income taxes Operating lease long-term liability Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred Shares, without par value, shares authorized, issued 
 Common Shares, without par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with stated value 
 Additional paid-in capital Common Shares held in treasury, and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, at cost 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative Gain on sale of Canton Facility, net ) Design and development Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net Equity in loss (earnings) of investee ) ) Other expense (income), net ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net (loss) income ) ) (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation (1) 
 ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives (2) 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Depreciation Amortization, including accretion and write-off of deferred financing costs Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Loss (earnings) of equity method investee ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of fixed assets ) ) Share-based compensation expense Excess tax deficiency (benefit) related to share-based compensation expense ) ) Gain on sale of Canton Facility, net ) Gain on disposal of business and joint venture, net ) Property, plant and equipment impairment charge Change in fair value of earn-out contingent consideration ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures, including intangibles ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges Proceeds from disposal of business, net Proceeds from disposal of joint venture, net Proceeds from sale of Canton Facility, net Investment in venture capital fund, net ) ) ) Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Revolving credit facility borrowings Revolving credit facility payments ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Earn-out consideration cash payment ) Common Share repurchase program ) Repurchase of Common Shares to satisfy employee tax withholding ) ) ) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Adoption of ASU 2019-12 (Note 2) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) Number of Common Shares outstanding Number of treasury shares Additional paid-in capital Common Shares held in treasury Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total shareholders' equity BALANCE , DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on derivatives, net ) ) Currency translation adjustments Issuance of Common Shares ) Repurchased Common Shares for treasury, net ) Common Share repurchase program ) ) ) Share-based compensation, net ) ) Adoption of ASU 2019-12 (Note 2) BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Unrealized gain on derivatives, net Currency translation adjustments ) ) Issuance of Common Shares ) Repurchased Common Shares for treasury, net ) Share-based compensation, net ) ) BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives, net Currency translation adjustments ) ) Issuance of Common Shares ) Repurchased Common Shares for treasury, net ) Share-based compensation, net BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

1. 

2. 
 ownership in MSIL under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 Volvo 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 Work-in-progress Finished goods Total inventories, net 
 Inventory valued using the FIFO method was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Inventory valued using the average cost method was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Pursuant to the agreement, the Company paid a capacity deposit in 2022 and is obligated to pay an additional capacity deposit in 2023. The capacity deposit is recognized in prepaid and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheet. This long term supply agreement requires the Company to purchase minimum annual volumes while requiring the supplier to sell these components at a fixed price. The Company purchased of these components during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is required to purchase , , and of components in each of the years 2023 through 2026, respectively. 
 . Costs for molds, dies and other tools used to make products sold on long-term supply arrangements for which the Company has a contractual guarantee to a lump sum reimbursement from the customer are capitalized either as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets or an investment and other long-term assets, net within the consolidated balance sheets. Capitalized pre-production costs were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were recorded as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (subject to a post-closing inventory adjustment which was a payment to SMP of plus the assumption of certain liabilities. The purchase price was allocated among PM sensor product lines, Gen 1 and Gen 2 as defined under the APA. The purchase price allocated to Gen 1 fixed assets and inventory and Gen 2 fixed assets was and , respectively. The sale of the Gen 2 assets occurred during November 2021, upon completion of the Company s supply commitments to certain customers. The Company and SMP also entered into certain ancillary agreements, including a contract manufacturing agreement, a transitional services agreement, and a supply agreement, pursuant to which the Company provided and was compensated for certain manufacturing, transitional, administrative and support services to SMP on a short-term basis. 
 On March 8, 2021 the Company s Control Devices segment recognized net sales and cost of goods sold ("COGS") of and , respectively, for the one-time sale of Gen 1 inventory and a gain on disposal of for the sale of Gen 1 fixed assets less transaction costs of within selling, general and administrative ("SG A") during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 
 Pursuant to the contract manufacturing agreement, the Company produced and sold PM sensor Gen 1 finished goods inventory to SMP for net sales of in the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the Company received and 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 for services provided pursuant to the transition services agreement which were recognized as a reduction in SG A for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 PM sensor Gen 1 net sales, including sales of to SMP pursuant to the contract manufacturing agreement and the sale of Gen 1 inventory components of and operating income were and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. PM sensor Gen 1 net sales and operating income were and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The Company completed the PM sensor Gen 2 product supply commitments and ended production on September 23, 2021. In November 2021, the Company s Control Devices segment recognized proceeds of and a gain on disposal of for the sale of the Gen 2 fixed assets within SG A, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Sale of Canton Facility 
 On May 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Agreement with Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada, a Canadian corporation (the Buyer ), to sell the Canton Facility for (subject to adjustment pursuant to the Agreement). 
 On June 17, 2021, pursuant to the Agreement, as amended after May 7, 2021, the Company closed the sale of the Canton Facility to the Buyer for an adjusted purchase price of . The Company recognized in the Control Devices segment, net proceeds of and a gain, net of direct selling costs, of . 
 Sale of MSIL 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Minda Corporation Limited Minda ), as the buyer, and MSIL. Pursuant to the SPA the Company agreed to sell to Minda the Company s minority interest in MSIL for approximately equivalent Indian Rupee which was payable in U.S. dollars at closing. 
 . The Company recognized net proceeds of and a gain, net of transaction costs, of . 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Office furniture and fixtures Tooling Information technology Vehicles Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property, plant, and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 , and , respectively. 
 - years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Office furniture and fixtures - years 
 Tooling - years 
 Information technology - years 
 Vehicles - years 
 Leasehold improvements shorter of lease term or - years 

was recorded based on the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the assets. The Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of the PM sensor fixed assets at the Tallinn, Estonia facility. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the impairment loss of was recorded on the Company s consolidated statement of operations within SG A expense. 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, all of which relates to the Electronics segment. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment at least annually, or earlier when events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that such assets have been impaired, by applying a fair value-based test. In conducting our annual impairment assessment testing, we first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which includes Stoneridge Brazil s goodwill impairment in 2014 and goodwill impairment recorded by the Company s Control Devices segment in 2008 and 2004. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 ) Tradenames ) Technology and patents ) Capitalized software development ) Total ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 Acquisition cost Accumulated amortization Net Customer lists ) Tradenames ) Technology and patents ) Capitalized software development ) Total ) 
 , , and , respectively, related to the Electronics segment. Customer lists, tradenames and technology of , and , respectively, related to the Stoneridge Brazil segment at December 31, 2022. Capitalized software development and patents of and , respectively, related to the Control Devices segment at December 31, 2022. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 to . 
 The Company recognized , and of amortization expense related to intangible assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense is included as a component of COGS, SG A and design and development ("D D") on the consolidated statements of operations. Annual amortization expense for intangible assets is estimated to be approximately for the year 2023 and approximately for the years 2024 through 2027. The weighted-average remaining amortization period is approximately years. 
 There were intangible impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Product warranty and recall obligations Other (A) 
 Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 _____________________________ 
 (A) Other is comprised of miscellaneous accruals, none of which individually contributed a significant portion of the total. 
 , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 and of a long-term liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included as a component of other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Accruals for warranties established during period Aggregate changes in pre-existing liabilities due to claim developments Settlements made during the period ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Product warranty and recall at end of period 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, or , and of net sales for these respective periods. 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was share-based compensation expense capitalized in inventory during 2022, 2021 or 2020. Share-based compensation expense is calculated using estimated volatility and forfeitures based on historical data, future expectations and the expected term of the share-based compensation awards. 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020, respectively, were excluded from diluted loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Effect of dilutive shares Diluted weighted-average Common Shares outstanding 
 There were , and performance-based right to receive Common Shares outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These performance-based restricted and right to receive Common Shares are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share based on the number of Common Shares that would be issuable if the end of the year were the end of the contingency period. 
 , and , respectively, and is included as a component of interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. In 2020, the Company capitalized of deferred financing costs as a result of entering into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Facility. In 2022, the Company capitalized of deferred financing costs as a result of entering into Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Facility. In connection with Amendment No. 3, the Company wrote off a portion of the previously recorded deferred financing costs of in interest expense, net during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the Credit Facility and related deferred financing costs. The Company has elected to continue to present deferred financing costs within long-term assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Deferred financing costs, net, were and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 of Common Shares. Thereafter, on May 7, 2019, the Company entered into a Master Confirmation (the Master Confirmation and a Supplemental Confirmation, together with the Master Confirmation, the Accelerated Share Repurchase Agreement ASR Agreement ), with Citibank N.A. (the Bank to purchase Company Common Shares for a payment of (the Prepayment Amount ). Under the terms of the ASR Agreement, on May 7, 2019, the Company paid the Prepayment Amount to the Bank and received on May 8, 2019 an initial delivery of Company Common Shares, which was approximately of the total number of Company Common Shares expected to be repurchased under the ASR Agreement based on the closing price of the Company s Common Shares on May 7, 2019. These Common Shares became treasury shares and were recorded as a reduction to shareholder s equity. The remaining of the Prepayment Amount was recorded as a reduction to shareholders equity as an unsettled forward contract indexed to our Common Shares. 
 On February 25, 2020, the Bank notified the Company that it terminated early its commitment pursuant the ASR Agreement and would deliver Common Shares on February 27, 2020 based on the volume weighted average price of our Common Shares during the term set forth in the ASR Agreement. The Bank s notice of early termination and the subsequent delivery of Common Shares represented the final settlement of the Company s share repurchase program pursuant to the accelerated share repurchase agreement. These Common Shares became treasury shares and were recorded as a reduction to shareholders equity as Common Shares held in treasury with the offset of to additional paid-in capital. 
 On February 24, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program of for the repurchase of the Company s outstanding Common Shares over the next months. The repurchases could be made from time to time in either open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions. Repurchases could also be made under Rule 10b-18 plans, which permit Common Shares to be repurchased through pre-determined criteria. 
 On March 3, 2020, under the new repurchase program the Company entered into a 10b-18 Agreement Letter (the 10b-18 Agreement ), with the Bank to purchase Company Common Shares, under purchasing conditions of Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rule 10b-18 ), for up to . Under the terms of the 10b-18 Agreement, commencing March 3, 2020 and ending March 6, 2020, the Company received delivery of a total of Company Common Shares for the amount of . These Common Shares became treasury shares and were recorded as a reduction to shareholders equity as Common Shares held in treasury. In April 2020, the Company announced that it was temporarily suspending the share repurchase program in response to uncertainty surrounding the duration and magnitude of the impact of COVID-19. This repurchase program authorization expired during the third quarter of 2021 and additional shares were repurchased. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations and cash flows. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted as of December 31, 2022 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The guidance in ASU 2020-04 provides temporary optional expedient and exceptions to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (also known as the reference rate reform ). The guidance allows companies to elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by the reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. The guidance will also allow companies to elect various optional expedients which would allow them to continue to apply hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by the reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. The new standard was effective upon issuance and generally can be applied to applicable contract modifications through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet had contracts modified due to rate reform. 
 
 3. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 South America Europe Asia Pacific Total net sales 
 (1) Company sales based on geographic location are where the sale originates not where the customer is located. 
 Performance Obligations 
 For OEM and Tier 1 supplier customers, the Company typically enters into contracts to provide serial production parts that consist of a set of documents including, but not limited to, an award letter, master purchase agreement and master terms and conditions. For each production product, the Company enters into separate purchase orders that contain the product specifications and an agreed-upon price. The performance obligation does not exist until a customer release is received for a specific number of parts. The majority of the parts sold to OEM and Tier 1 supplier customers are customized to the specific customer, with the exception of camera monitoring systems CMS sold through our aftermarket channel that are common across all customers. The transaction price is equal to the contracted price per part and there is no expectation of material variable consideration in the transaction price. For most customer contracts, the Company does not have an enforceable right to payment at any time prior to when the parts are shipped or delivered to the customer; therefore, the Company recognizes revenue at the point in time it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of a part to the customer. Certain customer contracts contain an enforceable right to payment if the customer terminates the contract for convenience and therefore are recognized over time using the cost to complete input method. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 material contract assets, contract liabilities or capitalized contract acquisition costs as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 4. 
 equity interest in MSIL, a company based in India that manufactures electronics, instrumentation equipment and sensors primarily for the motorcycle, commercial vehicle and automotive markets. As discussed in Note 2, the Company sold its equity interest in MSIL on December 30, 2021. The investment was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company s investment in MSIL, recorded as a component of investments and other long-term assets, net on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 was . Equity in earnings of MSIL included in the consolidated statements of operations were and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 PST Eletr nica Ltda. 
 The Company had a controlling interest in Stoneridge Brazil from December 31, 2011 through May 15, 2017. On May 16, 2017, the Company acquired the remaining noncontrolling interest in Stoneridge Brazil. As part of the acquisition agreement, the Company was required to pay additional earn-out consideration based on Stoneridge Brazil s financial performance in 2021. The final earn-out consideration of was paid in the second quarter of 2022. See Note 10 for the fair value and foreign currency adjustments of the earn-out consideration for the current and prior periods. 
 Stoneridge Brazil had dividends payable to former noncontrolling interest holders of Brazilian real R as of December 31, 2019. These dividends were paid in January 2020. 
 Other Investments 
 investment in a fund Autotech Fund II managed by Autotech Ventures Autotech ), a venture capital firm focused on ground transportation technology which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company s investment in the Autotech Fund II will be contributed over the expected life of the fund. The Company contributed to the Autotech Fund II during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company contributed to and received in distributions from the Autotech Fund II during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has a interest in Autotech Fund II. The Company recognized loss (earnings) of , ) and ) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Autotech Fund II investment recorded in investments and other long-term assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 5. 
 Debt Sweden short-term credit line Suzhou short-term credit line Total debt Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt, net 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On June 5, 2019, the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility provided for a senior secured revolving credit facility (which, as described below in the discussion of Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Facility was amended to be a credit commitment) and it replaced and superseded the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provided for a revolving credit facility. The Credit Facility had an accordion feature which allowed the Company to increase the availability by up to upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and includes a letter of credit subfacility, swing line subfacility and multicurrency subfacility. The Credit Facility has a termination date of . Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at either the Base Rate or the LIBOR rate, at the Company s option, plus the applicable margin as set forth in the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants that require the Company to maintain less than a maximum leverage ratio and more than a minimum interest coverage ratio. 
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative covenants and representations. The Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, which, among other things, are subject to certain exceptions, including restrictions on (i) indebtedness, (ii) liens, (iii) liquidations, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, (iv) disposition of assets or subsidiaries, (v) affiliate transactions, (vi) creation or ownership of certain subsidiaries, partnerships and joint ventures, (vii) continuation of or change in business, (viii) restricted payments, (ix) prepayment of subordinated and junior lien indebtedness, (x) restrictions in agreements on dividends, intercompany loans and granting liens on the collateral, (xi) loans and investments, (xii) sale and leaseback transactions, (xiii) changes in organizational documents and fiscal year and (xiv) transactions with respect to bonding subsidiaries. The Credit Facility contains customary events of default, subject to customary thresholds and exceptions, including, among other things, (i) non-payment of principal and non-payment of interest and fees, (ii) a material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty at the time made, (iii) a failure to comply with any covenant, subject to customary grace periods in the case of certain affirmative covenants, (iv) cross default of other debt, final judgments and other adverse orders in excess of , (v) any loan document shall cease to be a legal, valid and binding agreement, (vi) certain uninsured losses or proceedings against assets with a value in excess of , (vii) ERISA events, (viii) a change of control, or (ix) bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. 
 Due to the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s end-markets and the resulting expected financial impacts to the Company, on June 26, 2020, the Company entered into a Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 1 ). Amendment No. 1 provided for certain covenant relief and restrictions during the Covenant Relief Period (the period ending on the date that the Company delivered a compliance certificate for the quarter ending June 30, 2021 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). The Covenant Relief Period ended on August 14, 2021. During the Covenant Relief Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was suspended; 
 the calculation of the minimum interest coverage ratio excluded second quarter 2020 financial results effective for the quarters ended September 30, 2020 through March 31, 2021; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of was reduced to and for the quarters ended December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, respectively; 
 the Company s liquidity could not be less than ; 
 the Company s aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents could not exceed ; 
 there were certain restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) could not be consummated unless otherwise approved in writing by the required lenders. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 basis points on outstanding borrowings excluding any Specified Hedge Borrowings (as defined) which remain subject to a LIBOR floor of basis points. As of December 31, 2022, Specified Hedge Borrowings were . 
 The Company capitalized of deferred financing costs as a result of entering into Amendment No. 1. 
 On December 17, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2 ). Amendment No. 2 implemented non-LIBOR interest reference rates for borrowings in euros and British pounds. 
 Due to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions on the Company s end-markets and the resulting financial impacts on the Company, on February 28, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 3 ). Amendment No. 3 reduced the total revolving credit commitments from million to million and the maximum permitted amount of swing loans from million to million. Amendment No. 3 provides for certain financial covenant relief and additional covenant restrictions during the Specified Period (the period from February 28, 2022 until the date that the Company delivers a compliance certificate for the quarter ending March 31, 2023 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). During the Specified Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was changed to to 1.00 for the year ended December 31, 2021, suspended for the quarters ending March 31, 2022 through September 30, 2022 and could not exceed to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 or to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of was reduced to for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and for the quarters ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022; 
 an additional condition to drawing on the Credit Facility has been added that restricts borrowings if the Company s total of of domestic and of foreign cash and cash equivalents exceeds million; 
 there are certain additional restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) may not be consummated unless the net leverage ratio is below to 1.00 during the Specified Period. 
 Amendment No. 3 changes the leverage based LIBOR pricing grid through the maturity date and also retains a LIBOR floor of basis points on outstanding borrowings excluding any Specified Hedge Borrowings (as defined) which remain subject to a LIBOR floor of basis points. 
 Amendment No. 3 also incorporates hardwired mechanics to permit a future replacement of LIBOR as the interest reference rate without lender consent. 
 The Company capitalized of deferred financing costs as a result of entering into Amendment No. 3. In connection with Amendment No. 3, the Company wrote off a portion of the previously recorded deferred financing costs of in interest expense, net during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Due to continued supply chain disruptions and macroeconomic challenges on the Company s end-markets and the resulting financial impacts on the Company, on March 1, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amendment No. 4 ). Amendment No. 4 provides for certain financial covenant relief and additional covenant restrictions during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period (the period from March 1, 2023 until the date that the Company delivers a compliance certificate for the quarter ending September 30, 2023 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). During the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was changed to to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 and to 1.00 for the quarter ended June 30, 2023; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of was reduced to for the quarters ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023; 
 drawing on the Credit Facility continues to be restricted if the Company s total of of domestic and of foreign cash and cash equivalents exceeds million; 
 there continue to be certain additional restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 consistent with Amendment No. 3, a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) may not be consummated unless the net leverage ratio is below to 1.00 during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period. 
 Borrowings outstanding on the Credit Facility were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As a result of the amendments, 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Debt 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary located in Stockholm, Sweden, has an overdraft credit line which allows overdrafts on the subsidiary s bank account up to a daily maximum level of Swedish krona, or and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 there were borrowings outstanding on this overdraft credit line. At December 31, 2021, there was Swedish krona, or , outstanding on this overdraft credit line. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the subsidiary borrowed Swedish krona, or , and repaid Swedish krona, or . 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary located in Suzhou, China (the "Suzhou subsidiary"), has lines of credit (the Suzhou credit line which allow up to a maximum borrowing level of Chinese yuan, or at December 31, 2022 and Chinese yuan, or at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was and , respectively, in borrowings outstanding on the Suzhou credit line with weighted-average interest rates of and , respectively. The Suzhou credit line is included on the consolidated balance sheet within current portion of debt. In addition, the Suzhou subsidiary has a bank acceptance draft line of credit which facilitates the extension of trade payable payment terms by 180 days. The bank acceptance draft line of credit allows up to a maximum borrowing level of Chinese yuan, or at December 31, 2022 and Chinese yuan, or , at December 31, 2021. There was and utilized on the Suzhou bank acceptance draft line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Suzhou bank acceptance draft line of credit is included on the consolidated balance sheet within accounts payable. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 
 6. ) Foreign Total (loss) income before income taxes ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes: Current: Federal ) State and foreign Total current expense Deferred: Federal ) ) State and foreign ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) ) State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Tax credits and incentives ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differential Impact of change in enacted tax law Change in valuation allowance U.S. tax on foreign earnings ) ) Tax impact of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) Unremitted earnings on foreign subsidiaries ) Non-deductible expenses Compensation and benefits Other ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) 
 Employee compensation and benefits Accrued liabilities and reserves Property, plant and equipment Tax loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Capitalized research and development Lease liability Other Gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets less valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Right-of-use-assets ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 Long-term deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 The Company has recognized deferred taxes related to foreign withholding taxes and the expected foreign currency impact upon repatriation from foreign subsidiaries not considered indefinitely reinvested. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries amounted to . 
 Based on the Company s review of both positive and negative evidence regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance is recorded against certain deferred tax assets based upon the conclusion that it was more likely than not they would not be realized. Certain deferred tax assets are dependent on future taxable income to be realized. 
 The Company has net operating loss carry forwards of and for state and foreign tax jurisdictions, respectively. The state net operating losses expire from 2023-2041 and the foreign net operating losses expire from 2023-2027 or have indefinite lives. The Company has general business and foreign tax credit carry forwards of , and for U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions, respectively. The U.S. federal general business credits, if unused, begin to expire in 2026, and the state and foreign tax credits expire at various times. 
 Tax positions related to the current year: Additions Tax positions related to the prior years: Reductions Expirations of statutes of limitation ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 The Company has classified its uncertain tax positions as a reduction to non-current deferred income tax assets. If the Company s tax positions are sustained by the taxing authorities in favor of the Company, the amount that would affect the Company s effective tax rate is approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company classifies interest expense and, if applicable, penalties which could be assessed related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized expense related to interest and penalties. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, implemented a 15 minimum tax on financial statement income of certain large corporations, a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. Based on its current analysis of the provisions, the Company does not believe this legislation will have a material impact on our results of operations, but the Company is continuing to evaluate the implications. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 - 
 Argentina - 
 Brazil - 
 China - 
 France - 
 Germany - 
 Italy - 
 Mauritius - 
 Mexico - 
 Netherlands - 
 Sweden - 
 United Kingdom - 

7. 
 or the lease and such options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease expenses are recognized within COGS, SG A and D D costs in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has made the policy election to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all of its leases. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 Liabilities: Operating lease current liability, included in other current liabilities Operating lease long-term liability Total leased liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 Non-cash activity: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 Lessor 
 The Company, as lessor, entered into a lease with a third-party lessee effective July 1, 2020, of its Canton, Massachusetts facility. In conjunction with the Canton restructuring plan outlined in Note 12, the Company ceased operations at this facility in March 2020. As discussed in Note 2, the Company sold the Canton facility and assigned the lease to the buyer on June 17, 2021. The Company recognized lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term until the time of the sale. The Company recognized, in its Control Devices segment, operating and variable lease income from leases in our of and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and and , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

8. 
 Common Shares (of which the maximum number of Common Shares which may be issued). In May 2020, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan to increase by the number of Common Shares authorized for issuance. The amendment to the 2016 Plan brought the total Common Shares available for issuance to . Under the 2016 Plan, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has granted share units, of which 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 were time-based with cliff vesting using the straight-line method and were performance-based. As of December 31, 2022, of the shares granted have been forfeited. There are shares available to be granted under the 2016 Plan at December 31, 2022. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, pursuant to the 2016 Plan, the Company granted time-based share units and performance-based performance shares. The majority of the time-based share units cliff vest after the date of grant. The performance-based performance shares vest and are no longer subject to forfeiture upon the recipient remaining an employee of the Company for from the date of grant and, for a portion of the annual awards, upon the Company attaining certain targets of performance measured against a peer group s performance in terms of total shareholder return and, for the remaining portion of the annual awards, upon achieving certain earnings per share targets and return on invested capital targets established by the Company during the performance period of the award. 
 Earnings per share Return on invested capital 
 In April 2005, the Company adopted the Directors Restricted Shares Plan (the Director Share Plan and reserved Common Shares for issuance under the Director Share Plan. In May 2013, shareholders approved an amendment to the Director Share Plan to increase the number of shares for issuance by to . In May 2018, the Company s shareholders approved the 2018 Amended and Restated Director s Restricted Shares Plan (the "2018 Director Share Plan") to increase the number of shares for issuance by to . In May 2022, the Company's shareholders approved Amendment No. 1 to the 2018 Director Share Plan to increase the number of shares for issuance by to . Under the 2018 Director Share Plan, the Company has cumulatively issued restricted Common Shares. As such, there are restricted Common Shares available to be issued on December 31, 2022. Shares issued annually under the 2018 Director Share Plan are no longer subject to forfeiture after the date of grant. 
 Share Units and Performance Shares 
 The fair value of the non-vested time-based share unit awards was calculated using the market value of the Common Shares on the date of issuance. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of time-based share units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 The fair value of the non-vested performance-based performance share awards with a performance condition requiring the Company to obtain certain earnings per share and return on invested capital targets were estimated using the market value of the shares on the date of grant. The fair value of non-vested performance-based performance share awards with a market condition requiring the Company to obtain a total shareholder return target relative to a group of peer companies was estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation model taking into consideration the probability of achievement using multiple simulations. The awards that use earnings per share and return on invested capital as the performance target are expensed beginning when it is probable that the Company will meet the underlying performance condition. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited or cancelled ) ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 
 A summary of the status of the Company s non-vested share units and performance shares as of December 31, 2021 and the changes during the year then ended, are presented below: Time-based awards Performance-based awards Share units Weighted- average grant date fair value Performance shares Weighted- average grant date fair value Non-vested as of January 1, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited or cancelled ) ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2021 
 As of December 31, 2022 total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested time-based share units granted was . That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total fair value of awards vested was , and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested performance shares granted that are probable to vest. As noted above, the Company has issued and outstanding performance-based share units that use different performance targets (total shareholder return, earnings per share and return on invested capital). 
 The excess tax deficiency (benefit) realized from the vesting of share units and performance shares of the share-based payment arrangements was , ) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 , and , respectively. 
 
 10. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 cross-currency swaps, designated as net investment hedges, with notional values of each that were scheduled to mature in August 2026 and August 2028. These swaps hedged a portion of the net investment in a euro-denominated subsidiary. As a result of favorable market conditions, on May 5, 2022, the Company unwound the net investment hedges and recognized a net gain of , which was recorded on the Company s consolidated statement of operations as a component of other expense, net for the second quarter ended June 30, 2022 . The cash received from the settlement of these swaps of was classified in investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. In the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined it had incorrectly recognized the net gain in the consolidated statement of operations and reclassified the net gain of to other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax and accumulated other comprehensive loss. This item would have increased the loss for the three-months ended June 30, 2022, six-months ended June 30, 2022 and nine-months ended September 30, 2022 by per share and recording the item in the three-months ended December 31, 2022 decreased the income per share by . The Company assessed the materiality of this matter from a qualitative and quantitative perspective and concluded that the impact of the error is not material to the current or previous quarterly results. 
 The Company elected to assess hedge effectiveness of the net investment hedges under the spot method. Accordingly, periodic changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments attributable to factors other than spot exchange rate variability were excluded from the measurement of hedge ineffectiveness and reported directly in earnings each reporting period. The change in fair value of these derivative instruments was recorded in cumulative translation adjustment, which is a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company had no outstanding net investment hedges as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the Mexican peso currency in 2022 and 2021. These forward contracts were executed to hedge forecasted transactions and have been accounted for as cash flow hedges. As such, gains and losses on derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, to the extent that hedges are effective, until the underlying transactions are recognized in earnings. Unrealized amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss will fluctuate based on changes in the fair value of hedge derivative contracts at each reporting period. The cash flow hedges were highly effective. The effectiveness of the transactions has been and will be measured on an ongoing basis using regression analysis and forecasted future purchases of the currency. 
 In certain instances, the foreign currency forward contracts may not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges and, therefore, are marked-to-market with gains and losses recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations as a component of other expense, net. During 2022, all of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 The Company s foreign currency forward contracts offset a portion of the gains and losses on the underlying foreign currency denominated transactions as follows: 
 U.S. dollar-denominated Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company entered into U.S. dollar-denominated currency contracts on behalf of one of its European Electronics subsidiaries, whose functional currency is the euro, and expired ratably on a monthly basis during 2020. There were such contracts at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Mexican peso-denominated Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company held Mexican peso-denominated foreign currency forward contracts which expired ratably on a monthly basis from January 2022 to December 2022. The notional amounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to Mexican peso-denominated foreign currency forward contracts were and , respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 to hedge its exposure to interest payment fluctuations on a portion of its Credit Facility borrowings. The Swap was designated as a cash flow hedge of the variable interest rate obligation under the Company's Credit Facility that has a current balance of at December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the change in fair value of the Swap is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Swap agreement requires monthly settlements on the same days that the Credit Facility interest payments are due and has a maturity date of March 10, 2023, which is prior to the Credit Facility maturity date of June 4, 2024. Under the Swap terms, the Company pays a fixed interest rate and receives a floating interest rate based on the one-month LIBOR, with a floor. The critical terms of the Swap are aligned with the terms of the Credit Facility, resulting in no hedge ineffectiveness. The difference between amounts to be received and paid under the Swap is recognized as a component of interest expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. The swap settlements (reduced) increased interest expense, net by ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest rate swap Net investment hedges: Cross-currency swaps 
 _____________________________ 
 (A) Notional amounts represent the gross contract of the derivatives outstanding in U.S. dollars. 
 ) ) Interest rate swap ) ) ) Derivatives designated as net investment hedges: Cross-currency swaps 
 _____________________________ 
 (A) Gains (losses) reclassified from comprehensive loss into net (loss) income recognized in COGS in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and ), respectively. Gains (losses) reclassified from other comprehensive loss into net (loss) income recognized in D D in the Company s consolidated statements of operations were , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Gains (losses) reclassified from other comprehensive loss into net (loss) income recognized in SG A in the Company s consolidated statements of operations were , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Gains (losses) 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total net gains on the interest rate swap cash flow hedge of are expected to be included in interest expense, net within the next 12 months. 
 Cash flows from derivatives used to manage foreign exchange and interest rate risks are classified as operating activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 The Company has measured the ineffectiveness of the forward currency contracts and any amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Certain assets and liabilities held by the Company are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the three levels of the fair value hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs used. Fair values estimated using Level 1 inputs consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Fair values estimated using Level 2 inputs, other than quoted prices, are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly and include among other things, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets that are active or inactive as well as inputs other than quoted prices that are observable. For forward currency and cross-currency contracts, inputs include forward foreign currency exchange rates. For the interest rate swap, inputs include LIBOR. Fair values estimated using Level 3 inputs consist of significant unobservable inputs. 
 Cross-currency swaps Interest rate swap Total financial assets carried at fair value Financial liabilities carried at fair value: Interest rate swap Earn-out consideration Total financial liabilities carried at fair value 
 Change in fair value Foreign currency adjustments ) Earn-out consideration cash payment ) Balance at December 31 
 The Company was required to pay the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration based on Stoneridge Brazil s financial performance in 2021. The fair value of the Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration was based on 2021 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). The Stoneridge Brazil earn-out consideration obligation was recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The earn-out consideration obligation of was paid in April 2022 and recorded in the consolidated statement of cash flows within operating and financing activities in the amounts of and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 non-recurring fair value adjustments were required for nonfinancial assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets or Finite-Lived Assets 
 The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets and finite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors the Company considers important that could trigger testing of the related asset groups for an impairment include current period operating or cash flow losses combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses, a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses, significant adverse changes in the business climate within a particular business or current expectations that a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. To test for impairment, the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the use and disposal of the asset or asset group is compared to its carrying value. An asset group is established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by the group of assets that are largely independent of cash flows of other assets. If cash flows cannot be separately and independently identified for a single asset, we will determine whether an impairment has occurred for the group of assets for which we can identify projected cash flows. If these undiscounted cash flows are less than their respective carrying values, an impairment charge would be recognized to the extent that the carrying values exceed estimated fair values. The estimation of undiscounted cash flows and fair value requires us to make assumptions regarding future operating results over the life of the asset or the life of the primary asset in the asset group. The results of the impairment testing are dependent on these estimates which require judgment. The occurrence of certain events, including changes in economic and competitive conditions, could impact cash flows eventually realized and management s ability to accurately assess whether an asset is impaired. 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company committed to the strategic exit of its Control Devices particulate matter PM sensor product line. As a result of the strategic exit of the PM sensor product line the Company determined an impairment indicator existed and performed a recoverability test of the related long-lived assets. The Company identified that there were two asset groups comprised of PM sensor fixed assets at the Company s Lexington, Ohio and Tallinn, Estonia facilities. As a result of the recoverability test performed, the Company determined that the undiscounted cash flows did not exceed the carrying value of the PM sensor fixed assets at the Company s Tallinn, Estonia facility. As such, an impairment loss of was recorded based on the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the assets. The Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of the PM sensor fixed assets at the Tallinn, Estonia facility. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the impairment loss of was recorded on the Company s consolidated statement of operations within SG A expense. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement." 
 
 11. 
 , and , respectively, related to ground water remediation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accruals of and respectively, related to future remediation costs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, were recorded as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets while the remaining amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were recorded as a component of other long-term liabilities. Costs associated with the recorded liability will be incurred to complete the groundwater remediation and monitoring. The recorded 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 letter of credit for the benefit of the buyer. 
 The Company s Stoneridge Brazil subsidiary has civil, labor and other tax contingencies (excluding income tax) for which the likelihood of loss is deemed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, by the Company s legal advisors in Brazil. As a result, no provision has been recorded with respect to these contingencies, which amounted to R and R at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. An unfavorable outcome on these contingencies could result in significant cost to the Company and adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. 
 On August 12, 2020, the Brazilian Administrative Counsel for Economic Defense CADE issued a ruling against Stoneridge Brazil for abuse of dominance and market foreclosure through its prior use of exclusivity provisions in agreements with its distributors. The CADE tribunal imposed a R fine which is included in the reasonably possible contingencies noted above. The Company is challenging this ruling in Brazilian federal court to reverse this decision by the CADE tribunal. 
 
 12. 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for non-cash fixed asset charges, including impairment and accelerated depreciation of PM sensor related fixed assets, employee severance and termination costs and other related costs including supplier settlements. For the year ended December 31, 2021 restructuring related costs of , and were recognized in COGS, SG A and D D, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020 restructuring related costs of and were recognized in COGS and SG A, respectively. The only remaining costs relate to potential commercial settlements and legal fees which we continue to negotiate. The estimated additional costs related to these settlements and fees is up to . 
 ) Other related costs Total ) 
 Utilization Accrual as of January 1, 2021 2021 Charge to Expense Cash Non-Cash Accrual as of December 31, 2021 Fixed asset impairment and accelerated depreciation ) Employee termination benefits ) Other related costs ) Total ) ) 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 ) Other related costs ) Total ) ) 
 On January 10, 2019, the Company committed to a restructuring plan that resulted in the closure of the Canton, Massachusetts facility Canton Facility on March 31, 2020 and the consolidation of manufacturing operations at that site into other Company locations Canton Restructuring ). Company management informed employees at the Canton Facility of this restructuring decision on January 11, 2019. The costs for the Canton Restructuring included employee severance and termination costs, contract terminations costs, professional fees and other related costs such as moving and set-up costs for equipment and costs to restore the engineering function previously located at the Canton facility. 
 As a result of the Canton Restructuring actions, the Company recognized expense of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively, for employee severance and termination costs and other restructuring related costs. For the year ended December 31, 2021 severance and other restructuring related costs of were recognized in D D in the consolidated statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020 severance and other related restructuring costs of , and were recognized in COGS, SG A and D D, respectively, in the consolidated statement of operations. We do not expect to incur additional costs related to the Canton Restructuring. Refer to Note 7 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the third-party lease and sale, respectively, of the Canton Facility. 
 ) Other related costs Total ) 
 Utilization Accrual as of January 1, 2021 2021 Charge to Expense Cash Non-Cash Accrual as of December 31, 2021 Employee termination benefits ) Other related costs ) Total ) 
 Utilization Accrual as of January 1, 2020 2020 Charge to Expense Cash Non-Cash Accrual as of December 31, 2020 Employee termination benefits ) Other related costs ) Total ) 
 In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company undertook restructuring actions for the Electronics segment affecting the European Aftermarket business and China operations. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company finalized plans to move its European Aftermarket sales activities in Dundee, Scotland to a new location which resulted in incurring contract termination costs as well as employee severance and termination costs. In addition, the Company announced a restructuring program to transfer the European production of its controls product line to China. As a result of these actions, the Company recognized expense of , and respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for employee severance and termination costs, non-cash fixed asset charges for accelerated depreciation of fixed assets, contract termination costs and other related costs. Electronics segment restructuring costs recognized in COGS, 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 , and , respectively. Electronics segment restructuring costs recognized in COGS, SG A and D D in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 were , and , respectively. We do not expect to incur additional costs related to these Electronics segment restructuring actions. 
 ) Other related costs ) Total ) 
 Utilization Accrual as of January 1, 2020 2020 Charge to Expense Cash Non-Cash Accrual as of December 31, 2020 Employee termination benefits ) Contract termination costs ) Other related costs ) Total ) 
 In addition to the specific restructuring activities, the Company regularly evaluates the performance of its businesses and cost structures, including personnel, and makes necessary changes thereto in order to optimize its results. The Company also evaluates the required skill sets of its personnel and periodically makes strategic changes. As a consequence of these actions, the Company incurs severance related costs which are referred to as business realignment charges. 
 Electronics (B) 
 Stoneridge Brazil (C) 
 Unallocated Corporate (D) 
 Total business realignment charges 
 _____________________________ 
 (A) Severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to SG A were . Severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to COGS, D D and SG A were , and respectively. 
 (B) Severance costs (benefit) for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to COGS, SG A and D D were , ) and , respectively. Severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to COGS, D D and SG A were , and respectively. 
 (C) Severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to SG A were . Severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to COGS and SG A were and , respectively. Severance costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to COGS and SG A were and , respectively. 
 (D) Severance costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to SG A were , and , respectively. 
 line item were as follows: Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative Design and development Total business realignment charges 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 13. 
 reportable segments, Control Devices, Electronics and Stoneridge Brazil, which also represent its operating segments. The Control Devices reportable segment produces actuators, sensors, switches and connectors. The Electronics reportable segment produces driver information systems, vision and safety systems, connectivity and compliance products and electronic control units. The Stoneridge Brazil reportable segment designs and manufactures vehicle tracking devices and monitoring services, vehicle security alarms and convenience accessories, in-vehicle audio and infotainment devices, driver information systems and telematics solutions. 
 The accounting policies of the Company s reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 2. The Company s management evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based primarily on revenues from external customers, capital expenditures and operating income. Inter-segment sales are accounted for on terms similar to those to third parties and are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 The financial information presented below is for our reportable operating segments and includes adjustments for unallocated corporate costs and intercompany eliminations, where applicable. Such costs and eliminations do not meet the requirements for being classified as an operating segment. Corporate costs include various support functions, such as accounting/finance, executive administration, human resources, information technology and legal. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 Inter-segment sales Control Devices net sales Electronics Inter-segment sales Electronics net sales Stoneridge Brazil Inter-segment sales Stoneridge Brazil net sales Eliminations ) ) ) Total net sales Operating Income (Loss): Control Devices Electronics ) ) Stoneridge Brazil Unallocated Corporate (A) 
 ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) Depreciation and Amortization: Control Devices Electronics Stoneridge Brazil Unallocated Corporate Total depreciation and amortization (B) 
 Interest Expense (Income), net: Control Devices Electronics Stoneridge Brazil ) ) ) Unallocated Corporate Total interest expense, net Capital Expenditures: Control Devices Electronics Stoneridge Brazil Unallocated Corporate (C) 
 Total capital expenditures 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 STONERIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

 Electronics Stoneridge Brazil Corporate (C) 
 Eliminations ) ) Total assets 
 South America Europe and Other Total net sales 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Long-term Assets: North America South America Europe and Other Total long-term assets 
 _____________________________ 
 (A) Unallocated Corporate expenses include, among other items, accounting/finance, human resources, information technology and legal costs as well as share-based compensation. 
 (B) These amounts represent depreciation and amortization on property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets. 
 (C) Assets located at Corporate consist primarily of cash, intercompany receivables, fixed and leased assets for the headquarter building, information technology assets, equity investments and investments in subsidiaries. 
 
 14. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 Balance at beginning of period Net additions charged to income (expense) Exchange rate fluctuations and other items Balance at end of period Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: Year ended December 31, 2022 ) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There have been no disagreements between the management of the Company and its Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices of financial statement disclosures, or auditing scope or procedure. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the principal executive officer PEO and principal financial officer PFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Company s PEO and PFO, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). In evaluating the Company s internal control over financial reporting, management has adopted the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the PEO and PFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as auditor of the Company s financial statements, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Ernst Young s report is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially or is reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Stoneridge, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Stoneridge, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Stoneridge, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows and shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule of the Company and our report dated March 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 March 2, 2023 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Credit Facility Amendment 
 Due to continued supply chain disruptions and macroeconomic challenges on the Company s end-markets and the resulting financial impacts on the Company, on March 1, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries as Borrowers, certain of its subsidiaries as Guarantors, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the financial parties thereto (the, Lenders ( Amendment No. 4 ). Amendment No. 4 provides for certain financial covenant relief and additional covenant restrictions during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period (the period from March 1, 2023 until the date that the Company delivers a compliance certificate for the quarter ending September 30, 2023 in form and substance satisfactory to the administrative agent). During the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period: 
 the maximum net leverage ratio was changed to 4.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 and 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ended June 30, 2023; 
 the minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.50 was reduced to 3.00 for the quarters ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023; 
 drawing on the Credit Facility continues to be restricted if the Company s total of 100 of domestic and 65 of foreign cash and cash equivalents exceeds 70.0 million; 
 there continue to be certain additional restrictions on Restricted Payments (as defined); and 
 consistent with Amendment No. 3, a Permitted Acquisition (as defined) may not be consummated unless the net leverage ratio is below 3.50 to 1.00 during the Amendment No. 4 Specified Period. 
 The description of Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety to the full text of Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.23 to this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item 10 regarding our directors is incorporated by reference to the information under the sections and subsections entitled, Proposal One: Election of Directors, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Corporate Governance contained in the Company s Proxy Statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023. The information required by this Item 10 regarding our executive officers appears as a Supplementary Item following Item 1 under Part I, hereof. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information under the sections and subsections Compensation Committee, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Committee Report and Executive Compensation contained in the Company s Proxy Statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 (other than the information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K which is set forth below) is incorporated by reference to the information under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management contained in the Company s Proxy Statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023. 
 In May 2010, we adopted an Amended Directors Restricted Share Plan and an Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended. In May 2013, we adopted an Amended Directors Restricted Shares Plan and an Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the plans. In May 2016, we adopted the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan. In May 2018, we adopted the 2018 Amended and Restated Director s Restricted Shares Plan. In May 2022, we adopted the 2018 Amended and Restated Director s Restricted Shares Plan, as amended, to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the plan. Our shareholders approved each plan. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (A) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 1,018,411 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
 _____________________________ 
 (A) Excludes 1,286,196 share units issued to key employees pursuant to the Company s 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the information under the subsections Transactions with Related Persons , Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons and Director Independence contained in the Company s Proxy Statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the information under the subsections Service Fees Paid to Independent Registered Accounting Firm and Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures contained in the Company s Proxy Statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 Page in Form 10-K (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 73 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company , filed herewith. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Code of Regulations of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007). 
 4.1 Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997). 
 4.2 Description of Stoneridge, Inc. Common Shares registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.1 Stoneridge, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2017) . 
 10.2 First Amendment to the Stoneridge, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2018) . 
 10.3 Stoneridge, Inc. Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009) . 
 10.4 Stoneridge, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2016) . 
 10.5 First Amendment to the Stoneridge, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2020) . 
 10.6 Form of Stoneridge, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan 2022 Performance Shares Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) . 
 10.7 Form of Stoneridge, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan 202 2 Restricted Share Units Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 202 2 . 
 10.8 Form of Stoneridge, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan 2022 Restricted Share Units Agreement (one-time two-year vesting under 2021 AIP payment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) . 
 10.9 Stoneridge, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2021) . 
 10.10 Stoneridge, Inc. 2018 Amended and Restated Directors' Restricted Shares Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2018) . 
 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to the Stoneridge, Inc. 2018 Amended and Restated Directors Restricted Shares Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1 9 , 20 22 . 
 10.12 Form of Stoneridge, Inc. Directors Restricted Shares Plan 202 2 Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 202 2 . 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.13 Amended and Restated Officers and Key Employees Severance Plan of Stoneridge, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) . 
 10.14 Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) . 
 10.15 Employment Agreement, dated March 16, 2015, between the Company and Jonathan B. DeGaynor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2015) . 
 10.16 Amendment No. 1, dated February 23, 2021, to Employment Agreement, dated March 16, 2015 between the Company and Jonathan B. DeGaynor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) . 
 10.17 Indemnification Agreement between the Company and Jonathan B. DeGaynor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2015). 
 10.18 Employment Agreement, dated January 29, 2021, by and between the Company and James Zizelman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) . 
 10.19 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2019). 
 10.20 Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2020) . 
 10.21 Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 . 
 10.22 Amendment No. 3 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 
 10.23 Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, filed herewith. 
 21.1 Principal Subsidiaries and Affiliates of the Company, filed herewith. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, filed herewith. 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document _____________________________ 
 - Reflects management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) The exhibits listed are filed as part of or incorporated by reference into this report. 
 (c) Additional Financial Statement Schedules. None. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 STONERIDGE, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ MATTHEW R. HORVATH Matthew R. Horvath Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ JAMES ZIZELMAN James Zizelman President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ MATTHEW R. HORVATH Matthew R. Horvath Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ ROBERT J. HARTMAN JR. Robert J. Hartman Jr. Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ WILLIAM M. LASKY William M. Lasky Chairman of the Board of Directors Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ JEFFREY P. DRAIME Jeffrey P. Draime Director Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ IRA C. KAPLAN Ira C. Kaplan Director Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ KIM KORTH Kim Korth Director Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ GEORGE S. MAYES, JR. George S. Mayes, Jr. Director Date: March 1, 2023 
 Carsten J. Reinhardt Director Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ PAUL J. SCHLATHER Paul J. Schlather Director Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ FRANK S. SKLARSKY Frank S. Sklarsky Director 
 80 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 sri-20221231xexx31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 STONERIDGE, INC. 
 
 FIRST The name of the Corporation shall be Stoneridge, Inc. 
 
 SECOND The place in the State of Ohio where the principal office of the Corporation is to be located is in Lexington, Richland County. 1 
 
 THIRD The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be formed under Sections 1701.01 to 1701.98, inclusive, of the Ohio Revised Code and any amendments heretofore or hereafter made thereto. 
 
 FOURTH The authorized number of shares of the Corporation is 65,000,000, consisting of 60,000,000 Common Shares, without par value (hereinafter referred to as Common Shares ), and 5,000,000 Serial Preferred Shares, without par value (hereinafter referred to as Serial Preferred Shares ). 
 
 DIVISION A 
 
 The Serial Preferred Shares shall have the following express terms 
 
 Section 1. Series . The Serial Preferred Shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. All Serial Preferred Shares shall be of equal rank and shall be identical, except in respect of the matters that may be fixed by the Board of Directors as hereinafter provided, and each share of a series shall be identical with all other shares of such series, except as to the dates from which dividends shall accrue and be cumulative. Subject to the provisions of Sections 2 through 6, both inclusive, of this Division, which provisions shall apply to all Serial Preferred Shares, the Board of Directors hereby is authorized to cause such shares to be issued in one or more series and with respect to each such series to determine and fix prior to the issuance thereof (and thereafter, to the extent provided in clause (b) of this Section) the following 
 
 (a) The designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title 
 
 (b) The authorized number of shares of the series, which number the Board of Directors may (except when otherwise provided in the creation of the series) increase or decrease from time to time before or after the issuance thereof (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) 
 
 (c) The dividend rate or rates of the series, including the means by which any such rate may be established 
 
 (d) The date or dates from which dividends shall accrue and be cumulative and the dates on which and the period or periods for which dividends, if declared, shall be payable, including the means by which any such date or period may be established 
 
 (e) The redemption rights and redemption price or prices, if any, for shares of the series 

1 New Second article added on December 8, 2022. 
 1 

(f) The terms and amount of the sinking fund, if any, for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series 
 
 (g) The amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation 
 
 (h) Whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into Common Shares or shares of any other class and, if so, the conversion rate or rates or price or prices, any adjustments thereof and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion may be made and 
 
 (i) Restrictions (in addition to those set forth in Subsection 5(b) of this Division) on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series. 
 
 The Board of Directors is authorized to adopt from time to time amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation fixing, with respect to each such series, the matters described in clauses (a) through (i), both inclusive, of this Section and is authorized to take such actions with respect thereto as may be required by law in order to effect such amendments. 
 
 Section 2. Dividends . 
 
 (a) The holders of Serial Preferred Shares of each series, in preference to the holders of Common Shares and of any other class of shares ranking junior to the Serial Preferred Shares, shall be entitled to receive out of any funds legally available for the payment of dividends on serial Preferred Shares, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, dividends in cash at the rate or rates for such series fixed in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 of this Division A and no more, payable on the dates fixed for such series. Such dividends shall accrue and be cumulative, in the case of shares of each particular series, from and after the date or dates fixed with respect to such series. No dividends shall be paid upon or declared or set apart for any series of Serial Preferred Shares for any dividend period unless at the same time a like proportionate dividend payable for the dividend periods terminating on the same or any earlier date, ratably in proportion to the respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall have been paid upon or declared or set apart for all Serial Preferred Shares of all series then issued and outstanding and entitled to receive such dividend. 
 
 (b) So long as any Serial Preferred Shares shall be outstanding no dividend, except a dividend payable in Common Shares or other shares ranking junior to Serial Preferred Shares, shall be paid or declared or any distribution be made, except as aforesaid, in respect of the Common Shares or any other shares ranking junior to Serial Preferred Shares, nor shall any Common Shares or any other shares ranking junior to Serial Preferred Shares be purchased, retired or otherwise acquired by the Corporation, except out of the proceeds of the sale of Common Shares or other shares of the Corporation ranking junior to Serial Preferred Shares received by the Corporation subsequent to the date of first issuance of Serial Preferred Shares of any series, unless 
 
 (1) All accrued and unpaid dividends on Serial Preferred Shares, including the full dividends for all current dividend periods, shall have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for payment thereof set apart and 
 
 (2) There shall be no arrearage with respect to the redemption of Serial Preferred Shares of any series from any sinking fund provided for shares of such series in accordance with Section 1 of this Division A. 
 2 

Section 3. Redemption . 
 
 (a) Subject to the express terms of each series and the provisions of Subsection 5(c)(3) of this Division A, the Corporation 
 
 (1) May, from time to time at the option of the Board of Directors, redeem all or any part of any redeemable series of Serial Preferred Shares at the time outstanding at the applicable redemption price for such series fixed in accordance with Section 1 of this Division A and 
 
 (2) Shall, from time to time, make such redemptions of each series of Serial Preferred Shares as may be required to fulfill the requirements of any sinking fund provided for shares of such series at the applicable sinking fund redemption prices fixed in accordance with Section 1 of this Division A 
 
 and shall in the case of any such redemption pay all accrued and unpaid dividends to the redemption date. 
 
 (b) (1) Notice of every such redemption shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to the holders of record of Serial Preferred Shares to be redeemed at their respective addresses then appearing on the books of the Corporation, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such redemption, or such other time prior thereto as the Board of Directors shall fix for any series pursuant to Section 1 of this Division A prior to the issuance thereof. At any time after notice as provided above has been deposited in the mail, the Corporation may deposit the aggregate redemption price of Serial Preferred Shares to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to the redemption date, with any bank or trust company in Cleveland, Ohio, or New York, New York, having capital and surplus of not less than 50,000,000, named in such notice and direct that there be paid to the respective holders of Serial Preferred Shares so to be redeemed amounts equal to the redemption price of Serial Preferred Shares so to be redeemed, together with such accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, on surrender of the share certificate or certificates held by such holders and upon the deposit of such notice in the mail and the making of such deposit of money with such bank or trust company, such holders shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such shares and from and after the time such notice shall have been so deposited and such deposit of money shall have been so made, such holders shall have no rights or claim against the Corporation with respect to such shares, except only the right to receive such money from such bank or trust company without interest or to exercise before the redemption date any unexpired privileges of conversion. If less than all of the outstanding Serial Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, the Corporation shall select by lot the shares so to be redeemed in such manner as shall be prescribed by the Board of Directors. 
 
 (2) If the holders of Serial Preferred Shares which have been called for redemption shall not within five years after such deposit claim the amount deposited for the redemption thereof, any such bank or trust company shall, upon demand, pay over to the Corporation such unclaimed amounts and thereupon such bank or trust company and the Corporation shall be relieved of all responsibility in respect thereof and to such holders. 
 
 (c) Any Serial Preferred Shares which are (1) redeemed by the Corporation pursuant to the provisions of this Section, (2) purchased and delivered in satisfaction of 
 3 

any sinking fund requirements provided for shares of such series, (3) converted in accordance with the express terms thereof, or (4) otherwise acquired by the Corporation, shall resume the status of authorized but unissued Serial Preferred Shares without serial designation. 
 
 Section 4. Liquidation. 
 
 (a) (1) In any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, the holders of Serial Preferred Shares of any series shall be entitled to receive in full out of the assets of the corporation, including its capital, before any amount shall be paid or distributed among the holders of Common Shares or any other shares ranking junior to Serial Preferred Shares, the amounts fixed with respect to shares of such series in accordance with Section 1 of this Division, plus an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of payment of the amount due pursuant to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. If the net assets of the Corporation legally available therefor are insufficient to permit the payment upon all outstanding Serial Preferred Shares of the full preferential amount to which they are entitled pursuant to this subsection 4(a)(1), then such net assets shall be distributed ratably upon all outstanding Serial Preferred Shares in proportion to the full preferential amount to which each such share is entitled. 
 
 (2) After payment to the holders of Serial Preferred Shares of the full preferential amounts as aforesaid, the holders of Serial Preferred Shares, as such, shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the Corporation. 
 
 (b) The merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other corporation or entity, the merger of any other corporation or entity into the Corporation, or the sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a dissolution, liquidation or winding up for the purposes of this Section 4. 
 
 Section 5. Voting. 
 
 (a) The holders of Serial Preferred Shares shall have no voting rights, except as provided in this Section or as required by law. 
 
 (b) (1) If, and so often as, the Corporation shall be in default in the payment of the equivalent of the full dividends on any series of Serial Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, whether or not earned or declared, for a number of dividend payment periods (whether or not consecutive) which in the aggregate contain at least 540 days, the holders of Serial Preferred Shares of all series, voting together as one separate class, shall be entitled to elect, as herein provided, two members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation provided, however, that the holders of Serial Preferred Shares shall not have or exercise such special class voting rights except at meetings of such shareholders for the election of directors at which the holders of not less than 50 of the outstanding Serial Preferred Shares of all series then outstanding are present in person or by proxy and provided further that the special class voting rights provided for in this subsection 5(b)(1) when the same shall have become vested shall remain so vested until all accrued and unpaid dividends on Serial Preferred Shares of all series then outstanding shall have been paid, whereupon the holders of Serial Preferred Shares shall be divested of their special class voting rights in respect of 
 4 

subsequent elections of directors, subject to the revesting of such special class voting rights on another default of the type specified in this subsection 5(b)(1). 
 
 (2) In the event of default entitling the holders of Serial Preferred Shares to elect two directors as specified in paragraph (1) of this Subsection, a special meeting of such holders for the purpose of electing such directors shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request of, or may be called by, the holders of record of at least 10 of Serial Preferred Shares of all series at the time outstanding, and notice thereof shall be given in the same manner as that required for the annual meeting of shareholders provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be required to call such special meeting if the annual meeting of shareholders shall be called to be held within 120 days after the date of receipt of the foregoing written request from the holders of Serial Preferred Shares provided further, however, that if that annual meeting is not so held within such 120-day period, a special meeting shall be called as soon as is practicable after the Corporation becomes aware that such annual meeting will not be so held. At any meeting at which the holders of Serial Preferred Shares shall be entitled to elect directors, the holders of 50 of Serial Preferred Shares of all series at the time outstanding, present in person or by proxy, shall be sufficient to constitute a quorum, and the vote of the holders of a majority of such shares so present at any such meeting at which there shall be such a quorum shall be sufficient to elect the members of the Board of Directors which the holders of Serial Preferred Shares are entitled to elect as herein provided. Notwithstanding any provision of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or the Amended and Restated Code of Regulations of the Corporation or any action taken by the holders of any class of shares fixing the number of directors of the Corporation, the two directors who may be elected by the holders of Serial Preferred Shares pursuant to this Subsection shall serve in addition to any other directors then in office or proposed to be elected otherwise than pursuant to this Subsection. Nothing in this Subsection shall prevent any change otherwise permitted in the total number of or classifications of directors of the Corporation nor require the resignation of any director elected otherwise than pursuant to this Subsection. Notwithstanding any classification of the other directors of the Corporation, the two directors elected by the holders of Serial Preferred Shares shall be elected annually for terms expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 (3) The terms of office of all directors then in office elected by holders of Serial Preferred Shares as provided in this Subsection shall terminate immediately upon the expiration of the term of office during which there occurs any divesting of the special class voting rights of these holders. If the office of any director elected by such holders becomes vacant by reason of death, resignation, removal from office or otherwise, the holders of a majority of Serial Preferred Shares of all series at the time outstanding, present in person or by proxy at a special meeting of shareholders called and held in accordance with Subsection (2) above, shall elect a successor who shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 
 
 (c) The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of Serial Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, voting together as one separate class, shall be necessary to effect any one or more of the following (but so far as the holders of Serial Preferred Shares are concerned, such action may be effected with such vote) 
 
 5 

(1) Any amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or of the Code of Regulations of the Corporation which affects adversely the preferences or voting or other rights of the holders of Serial Preferred Shares provided, however, neither the amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation so as to authorize, create or change the authorized or outstanding number of Serial Preferred Shares or of any shares ranking on a parity with or junior to Serial Preferred Shares nor the amendment of the provisions of the Code of Regulations so as to change the number or classification of directors of the Corporation shall be deemed to affect adversely the preferences or voting or other rights of the holders of Serial Preferred Shares and provided further, that if any amendment, alteration or repeal affects adversely the preferences or voting or other rights of one or more but not all series of Serial Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the number of shares at the time outstanding of the series so affected shall be required 
 
 (2) The authorization, creation or increase in the authorized number of shares, or of any security convertible into shares, in either case ranking prior to the Serial Preferred Shares or 
 
 (3) The purchase or redemption (for sinking fund purposes or otherwise) of less than all Serial Preferred Shares then outstanding except in accordance with a share purchase offer made to all holders of record of Serial Preferred Shares, unless all dividends on all Serial Preferred Shares then outstanding for all previous dividend periods shall have been declared and paid or funds therefor set apart and all accrued sinking fund obligations applicable thereto shall have been complied with. 
 
 Section 6. Definitions . For the purposes of this Division 
 
 (a) Whenever reference is made to shares ranking prior to Serial Preferred Shares, such reference shall mean all shares of the Corporation in respect of which the rights of the holders thereof as to the payment of dividends or as to distributions in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation are given preference over the rights of the holders of Serial Preferred Shares 
 
 (b) Whenever reference is made to shares on a parity with Serial Preferred Shares, such reference shall mean all shares of the Corporation in respect of which the rights of the holders thereof as to the payment of dividends and as to distributions in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of a Corporation rank equally (except as to the amounts fixed therefor) with the rights of the holders of Serial Preferred Shares and 
 
 (c) Whenever reference is made to shares ranking junior to Serial Preferred Shares, such reference shall mean all shares of the Corporation other than those defined under Subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 6 as shares ranking prior to or on a parity with Serial Preferred Shares. 
 
 6 

DIVISION B 
 
 The Common Shares shall have the following express terms 
 
 The Common Shares shall be subject to the express terms of Serial Preferred Shares and any series thereof. Each Common Share shall be equal to each other Common Share and the holders thereof shall be entitled to one vote for each Common Share on all matters presented to the shareholders of the Corporation. 
 
 Each Class A and Class B Common Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the filing of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, and each share held at such time by the Corporation as a treasury share, is changed, effective upon that filing, into 139.0856 Common Shares, with any fractional Common Share to which a holder would otherwise be entitled being rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 
 FIFTH No holder of shares of the Corporation of any class shall be entitled as such, as a matter of right, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Corporation of any class, now or hereafter authorized, or to subscribe for or purchase securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Corporation of any class or to which shall be attached or appertain any warrants or rights entitling the holder thereof to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Corporation of any class, except such rights of subscription or purchase, if any, for such consideration and upon such terms and conditions as its Board of Directors from time to time may determine. 
 
 SIXTH To the extent permitted by law, the Corporation, by action of its Board of Directors and without action by its shareholders, may purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any class issued by it at such times, for such consideration and upon such terms and conditions as its Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 SEVENTH Except as otherwise provided in these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or the Code of Regulations of the Corporation as in effect from time to time, notwithstanding any provision of Sections 1701.01 to 1701.98, inclusive, of the Ohio Revised Code and any amendments heretofore or hereafter made thereto, requiring for any purpose the vote, consent, waiver, or release of the holders of shares entitling them to exercise two-thirds or any other proportion of the voting power of the Corporation or of any class or classes of shares thereof, any action may be taken by the vote of the holders of shares entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power of the Corporation, or of such class or classes, unless the proportion designated by such statute cannot be altered by these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 EIGHTH No shareholder may cumulate such shareholder s voting power in the election of directors. 
 
 NINTH No person who is serving or has served as a director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of any fiduciary duty of such person as a director by reason of any act or omission of such person as a director but the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of any person (a) for any breach of such person s duty of loyalty as a director to the Corporation or its shareholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c)under Section 1701.95 of the Ohio Revised Code, (d) for any transaction from which such person derived any improper personal benefit, or (e) to the extent that such liability may not be limited or eliminated by virtue of Section 1701.13 of the Ohio Revised Code or any successor section or statute. Any repeal or modification of this NINTH 
 7 

Article by the shareholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 
 
 TENTH If any provision (or portion thereof) of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall be found to be invalid, prohibited, or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions (or portions thereof) of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be construed as if such invalid, prohibited, or unenforceable provision had been stricken herefrom or otherwise rendered inapplicable, it being the intent of the Corporation and its shareholders that each such remaining provision (or portion thereof) of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation remain, to the fullest extent permitted by law, applicable and enforceable as to all shareholders, notwithstanding any such finding. 
 
 ELEVENTH These Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation supersede and take the place of the heretofore existing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and all amendments thereto. 
 8 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 sri-20221231xexx1023.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.23 

AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO 
 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment No. 4 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (this Amendment ), dated as of March 1, 2023, is made by and among STONERIDGE, INC., an Ohio corporation (the Parent ), STONERIDGE ELECTRONICS, INC., a Texas corporation Electronics ), STONERIDGE CONTROL DEVICES, INC., a Massachusetts corporation Controls ), STONERIDGE B.V., a private company with limited liability besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid under the laws of the Netherlands, registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under file number 67928471 Stoneridge Netherlands , and together with the Parent, Electronics and Controls, the Borrowers ), STONERIDGE FLEET SOLUTIONS, INC., an Ohio corporation (formerly known as Stoneridge Aftermarket, Inc.) Fleet Solutions ), ORLACO INC., a Delaware corporation Orlaco ), SRI HOLDINGS US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SRI Holdings US and SRI DELAWARE HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SRI Holdings and, together with Fleet Solutions, Orlaco and SRI Holdings US, the Guarantors ), the various Lenders (as hereinafter defined) which are a party to this Amendment and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and the collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent , and together with the Administrative Agent, the Agents ). 
 Recitals 
 
 A. The Borrowers have been extended certain financial accommodations pursuant to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2019 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, including as amended hereby, the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrowers, the Guarantors 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

party thereto from time to time, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time, as lenders (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent 
 B. The parties hereto desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as more fully set forth below and 
 C. The Borrowers, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent constitute the parties required for purposes of providing this amendment pursuant to Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement. 
 Agreements 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees as follows 
 Section 1 DEFINED TERMS. 
 
 Each defined term used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
 Section 2 AMENDMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. 
 
 Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Amendment, including, without limitation, Section 4, below, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as of the Amendment Effective Date (as hereinafter defined) as follows 
 2.1 Amendment to Section 1.1 Certain Definitions of the Credit Agreement . The following definition is hereby inserted into Section 1.1 Certain Definitions as a new defined term therein in the appropriate alphabetical order 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall mean the Amendment Effective Date as defined in that certain Amendment No. 4 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2023, among the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 2 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

2.2 Amendment to Section 1.1 Certain Definitions of the Credit Agreement . The following defined term contained in Section 1.1 Certain Definitions is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows 
 Specified Period shall mean any time from the Fourth Amendment Effective Date until the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2023 has been delivered to the Administrative Agent in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 2.3 Amendment to Section 8.2.16. Maximum Leverage Ratio of the Credit Agreement . Section 8.2.16 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 8.2.16. Maximum Leverage Ratio . The Loan Parties (i) shall not permit the Leverage Ratio as of the end of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021 to exceed 4.00 to 1.00, (ii) shall not be required to comply with any maximum Leverage Ratio under this Section 8.2.16 Maximum Leverage Ratio for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2022 through September 30, 2022, inclusive and (iii) shall not permit the Leverage Ratio as of the end of any other fiscal quarter to exceed the ratio specified below for the periods specified below 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending 
 Maximum Leverage Ratio December 31, 2022 4.75 to 1.00 March 31, 2023 4.75 to 1.00 June 30, 2023 4.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 and thereafter 3.50 to 1.00 
 
 provided that, after the expiration of the Specified Period and upon and following a Material Acquisition, upon written notice from the Parent to the Administrative Agent, the Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 3.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of (i) the fiscal quarter during which such Material Acquisition occurred (any fiscal quarter during which a Material Acquisition occurs being hereinafter referred to as an Acquisition Quarter and (ii) the three fiscal quarters immediately following the Acquisition Quarter provided , further , that there shall be at least one fiscal quarter as of the end of which the maximum Leverage Ratio has reverted to 3.50 to 1.00 before the maximum Leverage Ratio may be increased in respect of a subsequent Material Acquisition. 
 
 2.4 Amendment to Section 8.2.17. Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio of the Credit Agreement . Section 8.2.17 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 3 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

8.2.17. Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio . The Loan Parties shall not permit the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the four (4) fiscal quarters then ended, to be less than the ratio specified below 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio December 31, 2021 3.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2022 2.50 to 1.00 June 30, 2022 2.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2022 3.00 to 1.00 December 31, 2022 3.00 to 1.00 March 31, 2023 3.00 to 1.00 June 30, 2023 3.00 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 and thereafter 3.50 to 1.00 

2.5 Amendment to Article 11 MISCELLANEOUS of the Credit Agreement . The following is added as a new Section 11.16 to the Credit Agreement 
 11.16 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Liabilities or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the Laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the 
 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 11.16, the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b), (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 2.6 Amendment to Schedule 1.1(A) Pricing Grid of the Credit Agreement . Schedule 1.1(A) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Annex I hereto. 
 
 Section 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
 
 Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Agents as follows 
 3.1 The Amendment . This Amendment has been duly and validly executed by an authorized executive officer of such Loan Party and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms. 
 5 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

The Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, remains in full force and effect and remains the valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party party thereto enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditor s rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 3.2 No Potential Default or Event of Default. No Potential Default or Event of Default exists under the Credit Agreement as of the date hereof (after giving effect to this Amendment) and no Potential Default or Event of Default will occur as a result of the effectiveness of this Amendment. 
 3.3 Restatement of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of such Loan Party contained in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality therein, in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date (after giving effect to this Amendment) as though made on the Amendment Effective Date, unless and to the extent that any such representation and warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality therein, in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 3.4 Organizational Documents . There have been no changes to the articles or certificate of incorporation, by-laws, code of regulations, certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents, as the case may be (collectively, the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party since the most recent certification provided 
 6 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

to the Administrative Agent, and such Organizational Documents remain in full force and effect as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 Section 4 CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. 
 The date and time of the effectiveness of this Amendment (the Amendment Effective Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 4.1 Execution. The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party and the Lenders. 
 4.2 Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of certificates from the appropriate state officials (dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Amendment Effective Date) as to the continued existence and good standing of each Domestic Loan Party in each jurisdiction where organized. 
 4.3 Payment of Costs and Expenses . The Borrowers shall have paid all outstanding and reasonable costs, expenses and the disbursements of the Administrative Agent and its advisors, service providers and legal counsels incurred in connection with the documentation of this Amendment, to the extent invoiced, as well as any other fees payable on or before the Amendment Effective Date pursuant to any fee letter or agreement with the Administrative Agent. 
 4.4 Other. All corporate and other proceedings, and all documents, instruments, certificates and other legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 7 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

The Administrative Agent or its counsel will advise the Parent and the Lenders promptly by electronic mail of the occurrence of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 Section 5 MISCELLANEOUS . 
 5.1 Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the conflict of laws rules thereof. 
 5.2 Severability . Any provision of this Amendment which is prohibited or unenforceable shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Amendment. 
 5.3 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 5.4 Headings . Section headings used in this Amendment are for the convenience of reference only and are not a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
 5.5 Negotiations . Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that all of the provisions contained herein were negotiated and agreed to in good faith after discussion with the Agents and the Lenders. 
 5.6 Nonwaiver. The execution, delivery, performance and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as, or be deemed or construed to be, a waiver (i) of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders or the Agents under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (ii) of any term, provision, representation, warranty or covenant contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. Further, none of the provisions of this 
 8 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

Amendment shall constitute, be deemed to be or construed as, a waiver of any Potential Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
 5.7 Reaffirmation . Each Loan Party hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and (ii) ratifies and reaffirms its grant of security interests and Liens under such documents and confirms and agrees that such security interests and Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations. 
 5.8 Confirmation of Obligations . Each Loan Party hereby affirms as of the date hereof all of its respective Obligations and other obligations to each of the Lenders under and pursuant to the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents and that such Obligations and other obligations are owed to each of the Lenders according to their respective terms. Each Loan Party hereby affirms as of the date hereof that there are no claims or defenses to the enforcement by the Agents or Lenders of the Obligations and other obligations of such Loan Party to each of them under and pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 
 5.9 Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement executed and or delivered in connection with the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
 SIGNATURES FOLLOW 
 9 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, by their officers thereunto duly authorized, have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 STONERIDGE, INC. , 
 as a Borrower 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 STONERIDGE CONTROL DEVICES, INC. , 
 as a Borrower 
 
 STONERIDGE FLEET SOLUTIONS, INC. , 
 as a Guarantor 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 ORLACO INC. , 
 as a Guarantor 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 SRI DELAWARE HOLDINGS, LLC , 
 as a Guarantor 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 SRI HOLDINGS US LLC , 
 as a Guarantor 
 By Stoneridge, Inc., its sole member 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

STONERIDGE ELECTRONICS, INC. , 
 as a Borrower 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 STONERIDGE B.V. , as a Borrower 
 
 By s Matthew R. Horvath 
 Name Matthew R. Horvath 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Signature Page to Waiver and Amendment No. 1 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as 
 the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and 
 a Lender 

By s Scott Neiderheide 
 Name Scott Neiderheide 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as a Lender 

By s John J. McGuire 
 Name John J. McGuire 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

CITIZENS BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By s Erin Kane 
 Name Erin Kane 
 Title AVP 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A. , as a Lender 

By s Michael Baker 
 Name Michael Baker 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By s Jeffrey S. Johnson 
 Name Jeffrey S. Johnson 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK , as a Lender 

By s Cameron Hinojosa 
 Name Cameron Hinojosa 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A. , as a Lender 

By s Shaun R. Kleinman 
 Name Shaun R. Kleinman 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By s Suzanne Rinehart 
 Name Suzanne Rinehart 
 Title SVP 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

NORTHWEST BANK , as a Lender 

By s Stephen J. Orban 
 Name Stephen J. Orban 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

Annex I 
 
 SCHEDULE 1.1(A) 
 PRICING GRID-- 
 VARIABLE PRICING AND FEES BASED ON LEVERAGE RATIO 
 Level Leverage Ratio Facility Fee Letter of Credit Fee Revolving Credit Base Rate Spread Revolving Credit LIBOR Rate Spread I Less than 1.25 to 1.00 0.25 1.25 0.25 1.25 II Greater than or equal to 1.25 to 1.00 but less than 2.00 to 1.00 0.30 1.45 0.45 1.45 II Greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but less than 2.75 to 1.00 0.30 1.70 0.70 1.70 IV Greater than or equal to 2.75 to 1.00 but less than 3.50 to 1.00 0.35 1.90 0.90 1.90 V Greater than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 0.40 2.60 1.60 2.60 
 
 For purposes of determining the Applicable Margin, the Applicable Facility Fee Rate and the Applicable Letter of Credit Fee Rate 
 (a) The Applicable Margin, the Applicable Facility Fee Rate and the Applicable Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall be based on the rates in Level V until the Compliance Certificate for the period ended December 31, 2022 is delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) The Applicable Margin, the Applicable Facility Fee Rate and the Applicable Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall be recomputed as of the end of each fiscal quarter ending after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date based on the Leverage Ratio as of such quarter end. Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Margin, the Applicable Facility Fee Rate or the Applicable Letter of Credit Fee Rate computed as of a quarter end shall be effective on the date on which the Compliance Certificate evidencing such computation is due to be delivered under Section 8.3.3 Certificate of Parent . If a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due 
 1095428594 4 AMERICAS 

in accordance with such Section 8.3.3 Certificate of Parent , then the rates in Level V shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered and the rates in Level V shall apply upon and during the continuance of any other Event of Default. 
 (c) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Parent or for any other reason, the Borrowers or the Lenders determine that (i) the Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrowers as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrowers shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrowers under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, under Section 2.9 Letter of Credit Subfacility or Section 4.3 Interest After Default or Section 9 Default . The Borrowers obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 sri-20221231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction in Which Organized or Incorporated Consolidated Subsidiaries of Stoneridge, Inc. Exploitatiemaatschappij Berghaaf B.V. Netherlands Orlaco GmbH Germany Orlaco Inc. Delaware Orlaco Products B.V. Netherlands PST Eletronica Ltda. Brazil PST Teleatendimento Ltda. Brazil Positron Rastreadores Argentina S.A. Brazil SRI CS LLC Michigan SRI Delaware Holdings LLC Delaware SRI Holdings US LLC Delaware Stoneridge Aftermarket GmbH Germany Stoneridge Aftermarket, Inc. Ohio Stoneridge Asia Holdings Ltd. Mauritius Stoneridge Asia Pacific Electronics (Suzhou) Co. Limited China Stoneridge B.V. Netherlands Stoneridge Control Devices, Inc. Massachusetts Stoneridge do Brasil Participacoes Ltda. Brazil Stoneridge Electronics AB Sweden Stoneridge Electronics AS Estonia Stoneridge Electronics, Inc. Texas Stoneridge Electronics Limited Scotland, United Kingdom Stoneridge Electronics S.r.l. Italy Stoneridge GmbH Germany Stoneridge Japan G.K. Japan Stoneridge Nordic AB Sweden TED de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico TED de Mexico Servicios S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 sri-20221231xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Registration Description of Registration Statement 333-240206 Form S-8 Stoneridge, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, As Amended, 333-219648 Form S-8 Stoneridge, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, 333-212867 Form S-8 Stoneridge, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 333-226505 Form S-8 Stoneridge, Inc. 2018 Amended and Restated Directors Restricted Shares Plan, and 333-266534 Form S-8 Stoneridge, Inc. 2018 Amended and Restated Directors Restricted Shares Plan 
 
 of our reports dated March 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Stoneridge, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Stoneridge, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Stoneridge, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 sri-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James Zizelman, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Company and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting 
 (5) The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s JAMES ZIZELMAN James Zizelman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 sri-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew R. Horvath, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Company and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting 
 (5) The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s MATTHEW R. HORVATH Matthew R. Horvath Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 2, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 sri-20221231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James Zizelman, President and Chief Executive Officer, of Stoneridge, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report which this certification accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s JAMES ZIZELMAN James Zizelman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 sri-20221231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew R. Horvath, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, of Stoneridge, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report which this certification accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s MATTHEW R. HORVATH Matthew R. Horvath Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 2, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sri-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 sri-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sri-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sri-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sri-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

