<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1496099_0001496099-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>80625473</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>488710</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5284490</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>31656357</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>15808057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>26597263</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001496099-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227165859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001496099-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Mountain Finance Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001496099
		IRS NUMBER:				272978010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00832
		FILM NUMBER:		23676215

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127300200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Mountain Guardian Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001496099-23-000003.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 nmfc-20221231.htm
 10-K

nmfc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ Commission File Number Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter, addresses of principal executive offices, telephone numbers and states or other jurisdictions of incorporation or organization I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 
 
 , 
 Telephone: ) 
 State of Incorporation: 
 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class None 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of New Mountain Finance Corporation on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 11.91, on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ("NASDAQ") was million. For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as affiliates. Description Shares as of February 27, 2023 Common stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 55 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 55 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant ' s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 56 
 Item 6. 
 R eserve d 
 66 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 67 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 92 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 93 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 202 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 202 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 204 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 204 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 205 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 205 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 205 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 205 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 205 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 206 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 213 
 Signatures 
 214 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation ("NMFC", the "Company", "we", "us" or "our") is a Delaware corporation that was originally incorporated on June 29, 2010 and completed its initial public offering ("IPO") on May 19, 2011. We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). As such, we are obligated to comply with certain regulatory requirements. We have elected to be treated, and intend to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Since our IPO, and through December 31, 2022, we have raised approximately 945.6 million in net proceeds from additional offerings of common stock. 
 New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the "Investment Adviser") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital Group, L.P. (together with New Mountain Capital L.L.C. and its affiliates, "New Mountain Capital"). New Mountain Capital is a firm with a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours. New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. (the "Administrator ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. 
 
 We have established the following wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries: 
 
 New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C. ("NMF Holdings" or the "Predecessor Operating Company") and New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C. ("NMFDB"), whose assets are used secure NMF Holdings credit facility and NMFDB s credit facility, respectively; 
 New Mountain Finance SBIC, L.P. ("SBIC I") and New Mountain Finance SBIC II, L.P. ("SBIC II"), who have received licenses from the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") to operate as small business investment companies ("SBICs") under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (the "1958 Act") and their general partners, New Mountain Finance SBIC G.P., L.L.C. ("SBIC I GP") and New Mountain Finance SBIC II G.P., L.L.C. ("SBIC II GP"), respectively; 
 NMF Ancora Holdings, Inc. ("NMF Ancora"), NMF QID NGL Holdings, Inc. ("NMF QID"), NMF YP Holdings, Inc. ("NMF YP"), NMF Permian Holdings, LLC ("NMF Permian"), NMF HB, Inc. ("NMF HB"), NMF TRM, LLC ("NMF TRM"), NMF Pioneer, Inc. ("NMF Pioneer") and NMF OEC, Inc. ("NMF OEC"), which serve as tax blocker corporations by holding equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies (or other forms of pass-through entities); we consolidate our tax blocker corporations for accounting purposes but the tax blocker corporations are not consolidated for income tax purposes and may incur income tax expense as a result of their ownership of the portfolio companies; and 
 New Mountain Finance Servicing, L.L.C. ("NMF Servicing"), which serves as the administrative agent on certain investment transactions. 
 
 New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ("NMNLC"), a majority-owned consolidated subsidiary of ours, which acquires commercial real estate properties that are subject to triple net leases, has elected to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, within the meaning of Section 856(a) of the Code. 
 New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. 
 The Investment Adviser is a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital whose ultimate owners include Steven B. Klinsky, other current and former New Mountain Capital professionals and related vehicles and a minority investor. New Mountain Capital is a firm with a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. In particular, the Investment Adviser is responsible for identifying attractive investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, structuring our investments and monitoring and servicing our investments. The Investment Adviser is managed by a six member investment committee (the "Investment Committee"), which is responsible for approving purchases and sales of our investments above 10.0 million in aggregate by issuer. For additional information on the Investment Committee, see "Investment Committee". 
 1 

Table of Contents 

New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. 
 The Administrator, a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. The Administrator also maintains, or oversees the maintenance of, our consolidated financial records, our reports to stockholders and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Administrator performs the calculation and publication of our net asset values, the payment of our expenses and oversees the performance of various third-party service providers and the preparation and filing of our tax returns. The Administrator may also provide, on our behalf, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. 
 Competition 
 We compete for investments with a number of BDCs and investment funds (including private equity and hedge funds), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of financing. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. We believe we are able to be competitive with these entities primarily on the basis of the experience and contacts of our management team, our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making processes, the investment terms we offer, the model that we employ to perform our due diligence with the broader New Mountain Capital team and our model of investing in companies and industries we know well. 
 We believe that some of our competitors may make investments with interest rates and returns that are comparable to or lower than the rates and returns that we target. Therefore, we do not seek to compete solely on the interest rates and returns that we offer to potential portfolio companies. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

3 

Table of Contents 

4 

Table of Contents 

5 

Table of Contents 

6 

Table of Contents 

Valuation 
 At all times, consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the 1940 Act, we conduct a valuation of our assets, which impacts our net asset value. 
 We value our assets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if required under the 1940 Act. In all cases, our board of directors is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of our portfolio investments on a quarterly basis in good faith, including investments that are not publicly traded, those whose market prices are not readily available and any other situation where our portfolio investments require a fair value determination. Security transactions are accounted for on a trade date basis. Our quarterly valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below: 
 (1) Investments for which market quotations are readily available on an exchange are valued at such market quotations based on the closing price indicated from independent pricing services. 
 (2) Investments for which indicative prices are obtained from various pricing services and/or brokers or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process, as described below, to determine whether the quote(s) obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP. 
 a. Bond quotes are obtained through independent pricing services. Internal reviews are performed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser to ensure that the quote obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP and if so, the quote is used. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote(s) internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below); and 
 b. For investments other than bonds, the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser look at the number of quotes readily available and perform the following: 
 i. Investments for which two or more quotes are received from a pricing service are valued using the mean of the mean of the bid and ask of the quotes obtained. We will evaluate the reasonableness of the quote, and if the quote is determined to not be representative of fair value, we will use one or more of the methodologies outlined below to determine fair value; 
 ii. Investments for which one quote is received from a pricing service are validated internally. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser analyze the market quotes obtained using an array of valuation methods (further described below) to validate the fair value. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below). 
 (3) Investments for which quotations are not readily available through exchanges, pricing services, brokers, or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process: 
 a. Each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the credit monitoring; 
 b. Preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with our senior management; 
 c. If an investment falls into (3) above for four consecutive quarters and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, then at least once each fiscal year, the valuation for each portfolio investment for which the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser do not have a readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors; and 
 7 

Table of Contents 

d. When deemed appropriate by our management, an independent valuation firm may be engaged to review and value investment(s) of a portfolio company, without any preliminary valuation being performed by the Investment Adviser. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser will review and validate the value provided. 
 For investments in revolving credit facilities and delayed draw commitments, the cost basis of the funded investments purchased is offset by any costs/netbacks received for any unfunded portion on the total balance committed. The fair value is also adjusted for the price appreciation or depreciation on the unfunded portion. As a result, the purchase of commitments not completely funded may result in a negative fair value until it is called and funded. 
 The values assigned to investments are based upon available information and do not necessarily represent amounts which might ultimately be realized, since such amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot be reasonably determined until the individual positions are liquidated. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period and the fluctuations could be material. 
 Operating and Regulatory Environment 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain regulatory requirements. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to investments by a BDC in another investment company, as well as transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. A BDC must be organized and have its principal place of business in the United States, it must be operated for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private or thinly traded companies and it must make significant managerial assistance available to those companies whose securities are considered Qualifying Assets (as defined below) for the BDC. A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. 
 We have a board of directors. A majority of our board of directors must be persons who are not "interested persons", as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (the "independent directors"). As a BDC, we are prohibited from indemnifying any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person's office. Additionally, to provide additional shareholder protection we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. 
 As a BDC, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of the value of total assets to total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings, excluding SBA-guaranteed debentures, and any preferred stock we may issue in the future, of at least 150.0 (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity). We monitor our compliance with this coverage ratio on a regular basis. 
 We may, to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act, issue additional equity or debt capital. We will generally not be able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share without shareholder approval. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 As a BDC, we will not generally be permitted to invest in any portfolio company in which the Investment Adviser or any of its affiliates currently have an investment or to make any co-investments with the Investment Adviser or its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC. On October 8, 2019, the SEC issued an exemptive order (the Exemptive Order ), which superseded a prior order issued on December 18, 2017, which permits us to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds or entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, we are permitted to co-invest with our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co-investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objective and strategies. The Exemptive Order was amended on August 30, 2022 to permit us to complete follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds if such private funds did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company, subject to certain conditions. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67.0 or more of such company's voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50.0 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50.0 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 In addition, as a BDC, we are not permitted to issue stock in consideration for services. 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as distributions. Rather, distributions paid by us generally will be taxable to our stockholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other tax attributes of ours generally will not pass through to our stockholders, subject to special rules for certain items such as net capital gains and qualified dividend income recognized by us. 
 To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must timely distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90.0 of our "investment company taxable income", which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the "Annual Distribution Requirement"). 
 We will be subject to a 4.0 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized for the preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we did not pay U.S. federal income tax (the "Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement"). While we intend to make distributions to our stockholders in each taxable year that will be sufficient to avoid any U.S. federal excise tax on our earnings, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in entirely avoiding this tax. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90.0 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain "qualified publicly traded partnerships", or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities (the "90.0 Income Test"); and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50.0 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5.0 of the value of our assets or more than 10.0 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 no more than 25.0 of the value of our assets is invested in (1) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (2) the securities, other than securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades, or (3) the securities of certain "qualified publicly traded partnerships" (the "Diversification Tests"). 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its "investment company taxable income" (which is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given year exceed our investment company taxable income, we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its stockholders. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC may not use any net capital losses (that is, realized capital losses in excess of realized capital gains) to offset the RIC's investment company taxable income, but may carry forward such losses, and use them to offset capital gains, indefinitely. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses and net capital losses, we may for U.S. federal income tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Failure to Qualify as a Regulated Investment Company 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90.0 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year or quarter of such taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions of the Code apply (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates or to dispose of certain assets). If we fail to qualify for treatment as a RIC and such relief provisions do not apply to us, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates (and also will be subject to any applicable state and local taxes), regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required. However, if distributions were made, any such distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income and, subject to certain limitations under the Code, may qualify as "qualified dividends" that are subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 20.0 . Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder's adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 
 Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the non-qualifying year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized during the five-year period after our requalification as a RIC, unless we made a special election to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on such built-in gain at the time of our requalification as a RIC. We may decide to be taxed as a regular corporation even if we would otherwise qualify as a RIC if we determine that treatment as a corporation for a particular year would be in our best interests. 
 SBA Regulation 
 On August 1, 2014 and August 25, 2017, SBIC I and SBIC II, our wholly owned subsidiaries, received licenses from the SBA to operate as SBICs under Section 301(c) of the 1958 Act, respectively. SBIC I and SBIC II have an investment strategy and philosophy substantially similar to ours and make similar types of investments in accordance with SBA regulations. 
 An SBIC license allows each of SBIC I and SBIC II to incur leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to the issuance of a capital commitment and other customary procedures. SBA-guaranteed debentures carry long-term fixed rates that are generally lower than rates on comparable bank and other debt. In June 2018, the limit of SBA leverage available to an individual SBIC eligible for two tiers of leverage was increased from 150.0 million with at least 75.0 million in regulatory capital to 175.0 million with at least 87.5 million in regulatory capital, subject to SBA approval. The maximum leverage available to a group of SBICs under common control is 350.0 million. Currently, SBIC I and SBIC II operate under the prior 150.0 million leverage limit. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse, have a maturity of ten years, require semi-annual payments of interest and do not require any principal payments prior to maturity. SBIC I and SBIC II are subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA, including requirements with respect to reporting financial information, such as the extent of capital impairment, if applicable, on a regular basis. The SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to SBIC I's and SBIC II's assets over our stockholders in the event SBIC I and SBIC II are liquidated or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by SBIC I and SBIC II upon an event of default. 
 On November 5, 2014, we received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit us to exclude the SBA-guaranteed debentures of SBIC I, SBIC II and any other future SBIC subsidiaries from our 150.0 asset coverage test under the 1940 Act. As such, our ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness may be less than 150.0 . This provides us with increased investment flexibility but also increases our risks related to leverage. 
 SBICs are designed to stimulate the flow of private investor capital to eligible "small businesses" as defined by the SBA. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans to eligible small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services. Under present SBA regulations, eligible small businesses generally include businesses that (together with their affiliates) have a tangible net worth not exceeding 24.0 million and have average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 8.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, an SBIC must invest 25.0 of its investment capital to "smaller enterprises", as defined by the SBA. The definition of a smaller enterprise generally includes businesses that (together with their affiliates) have a tangible net worth not exceeding 6.0 million for the most recent fiscal year and have average net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 2.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any net carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. SBA regulations also provide alternative industry size standard criteria to determine eligibility for designation as an eligible small business or smaller enterprise, which criteria depend on the primary industry in which the business is engaged and is based on the number of employees or gross revenue of the business and its affiliates. However, once an SBIC has invested in an eligible small business, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

it may continue to make follow-on investments in the company, regardless of the size of the company at the time of the follow-on investment, up to the time of the company's initial public offering, if any. 
 The SBA generally prohibits an SBIC from providing financing to small businesses with certain characteristics, such as relending businesses or businesses with the majority of their employees located outside the United States, and businesses engaged in certain prohibited industries, such as project finance, real estate, farmland, financial intermediaries or "passive" (i.e. non-operating) businesses. Without prior SBA approval, an SBIC may not provide financing or a commitment to a small business in an amount equal to more than approximately 30.0 of the SBIC's regulatory capital in any one company and its affiliates. 
 The SBA places certain limitations on the financing terms of investments by SBICs in portfolio companies (such as limiting the permissible interest rate on debt securities held by an SBIC in a portfolio company). An SBIC may exercise control over a small business for a period of up to seven years from the date on which the SBIC initially acquires its control position. This control period may be extended for an additional period of time with the SBA's prior written approval. 
 The SBA restricts the ability of an SBIC to provide financing to an "associate" as defined in the SBA regulations, without prior written approval from the SBA. The SBA also prohibits, without prior SBA approval, a "change of control" of an SBIC or transfers that would result in any person (or a group of persons acting in concert) owning 10.0 or more of a class of capital stock of a licensed SBIC. A "change of control" is any event which would result in the transfer of the power, direct or indirect, to direct the management and policies of an SBIC, whether through ownership, contractual arrangements or otherwise. 
 The SBA regulations require, among other things, a periodic examination of a licensed SBIC by an SBA examiner to determine the SBIC's compliance with the relevant SBA regulations, and the performance of a financial audit by an independent auditor. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 
 We are currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. 
 Adverse developments in the credit markets may impair our ability to secure debt financing. 
 Events outside of our control, including public health crises, could negatively affect our portfolio companies and our results of our operations. 
 We may suffer credit losses. 
 There is uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments because most of our investments are, and may continue to be in private companies and recorded at fair value. In addition, the fair values of our investments are determined by our board of directors in accordance with our valuation policy. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on key investment personnel of the Investment Adviser. If the Investment Adviser were to lose any of its key investment personnel, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 
 The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition depend on our ability to manage future growth effectively. 
 The management fee and incentive fee may induce the Investment Adviser to make speculative investments. 
 We may be obligated to pay the Investment Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a loss. 
 The incentive fee we pay to the Investment Adviser with respect to capital gains may be effectively greater than 20.0 . 
 We borrow money, which could magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us and increase the risk of investing in us. 
 If we are unable to comply with the covenants or restrictions in our borrowings, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 The terms of our credit facilities may contractually limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. 
 If we are unable to obtain additional debt financing, or if our borrowing capacity is materially reduced, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 A renewed disruption in the capital markets and the credit markets could adversely affect our business. 
 SBIC I and SBIC II are licensed by the SBA and are subject to SBA regulations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 Because we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders to maintain our status as a RIC, we will continue to need additional capital to finance our growth. If additional funds are unavailable or not available on favorable terms, our ability to grow may be impaired. 
 SBIC I and SBIC II may be unable to make distributions to us that will enable us to meet or maintain our RIC tax treatment. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 
 The Investment Adviser has significant potential conflicts of interest with us and, consequently, your interests as stockholders which could adversely impact our investment returns. 
 The valuation process for certain of our portfolio holdings creates a conflict of interest. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist related to other arrangements with the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. 
 The Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser and the Administration Agreement with the Administrator were not negotiated on an arm s length basis. 
 The Investment Adviser s liability is limited under the Investment Management Agreement, and we have agreed to indemnify the Investment Adviser against certain liabilities, which may lead the Investment Adviser to act in a riskier manner than it would when acting for its own account. 
 If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC, our business and operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. 
 If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be precluded from investing in certain assets or could be required to dispose of certain assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulations governing the operations of BDCs will affect our ability to raise additional equity capital as well as our ability to issue senior securities or borrow for investment purposes, any or all of which could have a negative effect on our investment objectives and strategies. 
 Our business model in the future may depend to an extent upon our referral relationships with private equity sponsors, and the inability of the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business strategy. 
 Our board of directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to your interests as stockholders. 
 We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on all of our income if we are unable to maintain tax treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 You may have current tax liabilities on distributions you reinvest in our common stock. 
 We may not be able to pay you distributions on our common stock, our distributions to you may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions to you may be a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 The Small Business Credit Availability Act allows us to incur additional leverage, which could increase the risk of investing in our securities. 
 Internal and external cyber threats, as well as other disasters, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of any of our investments. 
 Our investment strategy, which is focused primarily on privately held companies, presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies. 
 Our investments in securities rated below investment grade are speculative in nature and are subject to additional risk factors such as increased possibility of default, illiquidity of the security, and changes in value based on changes in interest rates. 
 Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a particular industry in which a number of our investments are concentrated. 
 Defaults by our portfolio companies may harm our operating results. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 If we are unable to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies, the value of our investment portfolio could be adversely affected. 
 Second priority liens on collateral securing loans that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and us. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

A number of our portfolio companies provide services to the U.S. government. Changes in the U.S. government s priorities and spending, or significant delays or reductions in appropriations of the U.S. government s funds, could have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of such portfolio companies. 
 Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 
 We may not realize gains from our equity investments. 
 Our performance may differ from our historical performance as our current investment strategy includes significantly more primary originations in addition to secondary market purchases. 
 Changes relating to the LIBOR calculation process may adversely affect the value of our portfolio of LIBOR-indexed, floating-rate debt securities. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 
 Investing in our common stock may involve an above average degree of risk. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 Shares of our common stock have traded at a discount from net asset value and may do so in the future. 
 You may not receive distributions or our distributions may decline or may not grow over time. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We are externally managed by our Investment Adviser and pay our Investment Adviser a fee for its services. The following summarizes our arrangements with the Investment Adviser pursuant to an investment advisory and management agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement"). 
 Management Services 
 The Investment Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). The Investment Adviser serves pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement in accordance with the 1940 Act. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, the Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of our investments that we make; 
 executes, monitors and services the investments that we make; 
 performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 
 votes, exercises consents and exercises all other rights appertaining to such securities and other assets on our behalf; and 
 provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require. 
 The Investment Adviser's services under the Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and the Investment Adviser (so long as its services to us are not impaired) and/or other entities affiliated with New Mountain Capital are permitted to furnish similar services to other entities. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours. 
 Management Fees 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, we have agreed to pay the Investment Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to the Investment Adviser and any incentive fees paid in cash to the Investment Adviser are borne by us and, as a result, are indirectly borne by our common stockholders. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Base Management Fees 
 Pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Management Agreement dated November 1, 2021 ("Amendment No. 1"), the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.4 of the Company's gross assets, which equals the Company's total assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents. Prior to Amendment No. 1, pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of the Company's gross assets, which equaled the Company's total assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, less (i) the borrowings under the New Mountain Finance SPV Funding, L.L.C. Loan and Security Agreement, as amended and restated, dated October 27, 2010 (the "SLF Credit Facility") and (ii) cash and cash equivalents. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and is calculated based on the average value of the Company's gross assets, which equals the Company's total assets, as determined in accordance with GAAP, less cash and cash equivalents at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted on a pro rata basis for any equity capital raises or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. The Company has not invested, and currently is not invested, in derivatives. To the extent the Company invests in derivatives in the future, the Company will use the actual value of the derivatives, as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, for purposes of calculating its base management fee. 
 Effective as of and for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 through the quarter ending December 31, 2023, the Investment Adviser has entered into a fee waiver agreement (the "Fee Waiver Agreement") pursuant to which the Investment Adviser will waive base management fees in order to reach a target base management fee of 1.25 on gross assets (the Reduced Base Management Fee ). The Investment Adviser cannot recoup management fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total management fees waived was approximately 4.4 million. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Incentive Fees 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 20.0 of our "Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income" for the immediately preceding quarter, subject to a "preferred return", or "hurdle", and a "catch-up" feature. "Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income" means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, upfront, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, as amended and restated (the "Administration Agreement"), with the Administrator, and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock (of which there is none as of December 31, 2022), but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will be compared to a "hurdle rate" of 2.0 per quarter (8.0 annualized), subject to a "catch-up" provision measured as of the end of each calendar quarter. The hurdle rate is appropriately pro-rated for any partial periods. The calculation of our incentive fee with respect to the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each quarter is as follows: 
 No incentive fee is payable to the Investment Adviser in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 2.0 (the "preferred return" or "hurdle"). 
 100.0 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser. This portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.5 is referred to as the "catch-up". The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.0 on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter. 
 20.0 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 2.5 in any calendar quarter (10.0 annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, no incentive fees were waived. The Investment Adviser cannot recoup incentive fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. 
 The second part of the incentive fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement) and will equal 20.0 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fee. 
 In accordance with GAAP, we accrue a hypothetical capital gains incentive fee based upon the cumulative net realized capital gains and realized capital losses and the cumulative net unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. Actual amounts paid to the Investment Adviser are consistent with the Investment Management Agreement and are based only on actual realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year as if the entire portfolio was sold at fair value. 
 Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee for Each Calendar Quarter: 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 2.00 
 Management fee(2) = 0.35 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, safekeeping agent, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.70 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate, therefore there is no income related incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.90 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 2.00 
 Management fee(2) = 0.35 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, safekeeping agent, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.35 
 Incentive fee = 100.00 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (subject to "catch-up")(4) 
 = 100.00 (2.35 2.00 
 = 0.35 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the hurdle rate, but does not fully satisfy the "catch-up" provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.35 . 
 Alternative 3 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.50 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 2.00 
 Management fee(2) = 0.35 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, safekeeping agent, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.95 
 Incentive fee = 100.00 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (subject to "catch-up")(4) 
 Incentive fee = 100.00 "catch-up" + (20.00 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 2.50 )) 
 Catch-up = 2.50 2.00 
 = 0.50 
 Incentive fee = (100.00 0.50 + (20.00 (2.95 2.50 )) 
 = 0.50 + (20.00 0.45 
 = 0.50 + 0.09 
 = 0.59 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the hurdle rate, and fully satisfies the "catch-up" provision, therefore the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.59 
 . 
 (1) Represents 8.00 annualized hurdle rate. 
 (2) Assumes 1.4 annualized base management fee. 
 (3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 
 (4) The "catch-up" provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.00 on all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.50 in any calendar quarter. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20.0 million investment made in Company A ("Investment A"), and 30.0 million investment made in Company B ("Investment B") 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50.0 million and fair market value ("FMV") of Investment B determined to be 32.0 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25.0 million 
 Year 4: Investment B sold for 31.0 million 
 The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 
 Year 1: None 
 Year 2: Capital gains incentive fee of 6.0 million 30.0 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20.0 
 Year 3: None 5.0 million (20.0 multiplied by 30.0 million cumulative capital gains less 5.0 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 6.0 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 
 Year 4: Capital gains incentive fee of 0.2 million 6.2 million 31.0 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20.0 less 6.0 million (capital gains incentive fee taken in Year 2) 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20.0 million investment made in Company A ("Investment A"), 30.0 million investment made in Company B ("Investment B") and 25.0 million investment made in Company C ("Investment C") 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50.0 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25.0 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25.0 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27.0 million and Investment C sold for 30.0 million 
 Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35.0 million 
 Year 5: Investment B sold for 20.0 million 
 The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None 
 Year 2: 5.0 million capital gains incentive fee 20.0 multiplied by 25.0 million 30.0 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 5.0 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 
 Year 3: 1.4 million capital gains incentive fee 6.4 million (20.0 multiplied by 32.0 million 35.0 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3.0 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 5.0 million capital gains incentive fee received in Year 2 
 Year 4: 0.6 million capital gains incentive fee 7.0 million (20.0 multiplied by 35.0 million cumulative realized capital gains) less cumulative 6.4 million capital gains incentive fee received in Year 2 and Year 3 
 Year 5: None 5.0 million (20.0 multiplied by 25.0 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 35.0 million less realized capital losses of 10.0 million)) less 7.0 million cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2, Year 3 and Year 4(1) 
 
 (1) As noted above, it is possible that the cumulative aggregate capital gains fee received by the Investment Adviser 7.0 million) is effectively greater than 5.0 million (20.0 of cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less net realized capital losses or net unrealized depreciation 25.0 million)). 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Payment of Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses are interest payable on our debt, the payment of a base management fee and any incentive fees under the Investment Management Agreement and the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: 
 organizational and offering expenses; 
 the investigation and monitoring of our investments; 
 the cost of calculating net asset value; 
 interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; 
 the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 
 management and incentive fees payable pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement; 
 fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third-party valuation firms); 
 transfer agent and custodial fees; 
 fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts (including attendance at investment conferences and similar events); 
 federal and state registration fees; 
 any exchange listing fees; 
 federal, state, local and foreign taxes; 
 independent directors' fees and expenses; 
 brokerage commissions; 
 costs of proxy statements, stockholders' reports and notices; 
 costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC; 
 fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 
 costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; 
 fidelity bond, liability insurance and other insurance premiums; and 
 printing, mailing and all other direct expenses incurred by either the Investment Adviser or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that are based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, including the allocable portion of the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. 
 Board Consideration of the Investment Management Agreement 
 Our board of directors initially approved our Investment Management Agreement between the Company and the Adviser on March 25, 2014. Thereafter, our stockholders approved the Investment Management Agreement on May 6, 2014. The Investment Management Agreement first became effective on May 8, 2014. Our board of directors determined at a virtual meeting held on November 1, 2021 to approve Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Management Agreement, the sole purpose of which was to reduce the base management fee. On January 24, 2023, our board of directors held a board meeting to consider the re-approval of our Investment Management Agreement. In its consideration of the re-approval of the Investment Management Agreement, our board of directors focused on information they had received relating to, among other things: 
 the nature, extent and quality of advisory and other services provided by the Investment Adviser, including information about our investment performance relative to our stated objectives and in comparison to our 
 18 

Table of Contents 

performance peer group and relevant market indices, and concluded that such advisory and other services are satisfactory and our investment performance is reasonable; 
 the experience and qualifications of the personnel providing such advisory and other services, including information about the backgrounds of the investment personnel, the allocation of responsibilities among such personnel and the process by which investment decisions are made, and concluded that the investment personnel of the Investment Adviser have extensive experience and are well qualified to provide advisory and other services to us; 
 the current fee structure, the existence of any fee waivers, and our anticipated expense ratios in relation to those of other investment companies having comparable investment policies and limitations, and concluded that the current fee structure is reasonable; 
 the advisory fees charged to us by the Investment Adviser and comparative data regarding the advisory fees charged by other investment advisers to BDCs with similar investment objectives, and concluded that the advisory fees charged to us by the Investment Adviser are reasonable; 
 the direct and indirect costs, including for personnel and office facilities, that are incurred by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates in performing services for us and the basis of determining and allocating these costs, and concluded that the direct and indirect costs, including the allocation of such costs, are reasonable; 
 the total of all assets managed by the Adviser, as well as total number of investment companies and other clients serviced by the Adviser and possible economies of scale arising from our size and/or anticipated growth, and the extent to which such economies of scale are reflected in the advisory fees charged to us by the Investment Adviser, and concluded that some economies of scale may be possible in the future; 
 other possible benefits to the Investment Adviser and its affiliates arising from their relationships with us, and concluded that any such other benefits were not material to the Investment Adviser and its affiliates; and 
 possible alternative fee structures or bases for determining fees and the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers, and concluded that our current fee structure and bases for determining fees are satisfactory. 
 Based on the information reviewed and the discussions detailed above, our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, concluded that the fees payable to the Investment Adviser pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement were reasonable, and comparable to the fees paid by other management investment companies with similar investment objectives, in relation to the services to be provided. As a result, our board of directors re-approved the Investment Management Agreement for a period of 12 months commencing on March 1, 2023, Our board of directors did not assign relative weights to the above factors or the other factors considered by it. Individual members of our board of directors may have given different weights to different factors. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as "qualifying assets", unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70.0 of the BDC's total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an "eligible portfolio company", or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than an SBIC wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 (i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 (ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250.0 million; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

(iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 (iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 
 2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that the BDC controls. 
 3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the BDC already owns 60.0 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 16.7 of our total assets were non-qualifying assets. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 BDCs generally must offer to make available to the eligible issuers of its securities significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Administrator or its affiliate provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that accept our offer of managerial assistance. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investments in other types of qualifying assets, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment (collectively, as temporary investments ), so that 70.0 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. We had no temporary investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25.0 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. We had no repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150.0 immediately after each such issuance (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity). If our asset ratio coverage is not at least 150.0 , we would be unable to issue additional senior securities, and certain provisions of our senior securities may preclude us from making distributions to our stockholders. However, at December 31, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

2022, none of our senior securities have provisions that may preclude us from making distributions to stockholders. We may also borrow amounts up to 5.0 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to our asset coverage. We will include our assets and liabilities and all of our wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries for purposes of calculating the asset coverage ratio. We received exemptive relief from the SEC on November 5, 2014, allowing us to modify the asset coverage requirement to exclude SBA-guaranteed debentures from this calculation. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. The code of ethics is available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Investment Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and we are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for the adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our chief compliance officer is responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Investment Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of the Investment Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Investment Adviser and our independent directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 Introduction 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Investment Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote proxies relating to our securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in our best interests. 
 The policies and procedures for voting proxies for the investment advisory clients of the Investment Adviser are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy policies 
 The Investment Adviser will vote proxies relating to our securities in our best interest. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although the Investment Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The proxy voting decisions of the Investment Adviser are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients investments. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it will require that: (a) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to its chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (b) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how the Investment Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Proxy voting records 
 You may obtain, without charge, information regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019. 
 
 Staffing 
 We do not have any employees. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Investment Adviser. See Investment Management Agreement . We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, including the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs. For a more detailed discussion of the 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Administration Agreement, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5. Agreements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report regarding their assessment of their internal control over financial reporting and is required to obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports are required to disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of the evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We intend to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Available Information 
 We file or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information as required by the 1940 Act. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . 
 We make available free of charge on our website, http://www.newmountainfinance.com , our reports, proxies and information statements and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish to, the SEC. Information contained on our website or on the SEC's website about us is not incorporated into this annual report and should not be considered to be a part of this annual report. 
 Privacy Notice 
 Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to non-public personal information about our stockholders and prospective and former stockholders. These policies apply to our stockholders and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you. This notice supersedes any other privacy notice you may have received from us. 
 We will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, all information we receive about you. The only information we collect from you is your name, address, number of shares you hold and your social security number. This information is used only so that we can send you annual reports and other information about us, and send you proxy statements or other information required by law. 
 We do not share this information with any non-affiliated third party except as described below. 
 Authorized Employees of our Investment Adviser. It is our policy that only authorized employees of our investment adviser who need to know your personal information will have access to it. 
 Service Providers. We may disclose your personal information to companies that provide services on our behalf, such as recordkeeping, processing your trades, and mailing you information. These companies are required to protect your information and use it solely for the purpose for which they received it. 
 Courts and Government Officials. If required by law, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with a court order or at the request of government regulators. Only that information required by law, subpoena, or court order will be disclosed. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your non-public personal information. 
 If you have any questions regarding this policy or the treatment of your non-public personal information, please contact our chief compliance officer at (212) 655-0291. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the significant risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before making an investment decision in us. The risks set forth below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may materially affect our business, our structure, our financial condition, our investments and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value and the trading price of our common stock could decline. There can be no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND STRUCTURE 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

24 

Table of Contents 

25 

Table of Contents 

26 

Table of Contents 

27 

Table of Contents 

28 

Table of Contents 

29 

Table of Contents 

30 

Table of Contents 

, , , , and respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The interest rates on the 2018 Convertible Notes and 2022 Convertible Notes are and , respectively, per annum. 
 Illustration. The calculation assumes (i) 3,354.9 million in total assets as of December 31, 2022 , (ii) a weighted average cost of borrowing s of , which assumes the weighted average interest rates as of December 31, 2022 for the Holdings Credit Facility, the NMFC Credit Facility, the DB Credit Facility, the SBA-guaranteed debentures, the Unsecured Notes and the NMNLC Credit Facility II and the interest rate as of December 31, 2022 for the Convertible Notes, (iii) 1,997.9 million in debt outstanding and (iv) 1,314.5 million in net assets. ) ) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

33 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS 
 34 

Table of Contents 

35 

Table of Contents 

36 

Table of Contents 

37 

Table of Contents 

38 

Table of Contents 

39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

41 

Table of Contents 

42 

Table of Contents 

43 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR INVESTMENTS 
 44 

Table of Contents 

45 

Table of Contents 

46 

Table of Contents 

47 

Table of Contents 

48 

Table of Contents 

49 

Table of Contents 

50 

Table of Contents 

51 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

53 

Table of Contents 

54 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our principal executive offices are located at 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019, where we occupy our office space pursuant to our Administration Agreement with the Administrator. The office space is shared with our Investment Adviser, our Administrator and New Mountain Capital. We believe that our current office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as currently conducted. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We, and our consolidated subsidiaries, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator are not currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings threatened against us as of December 31, 2022. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business including the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Price Range of Common Stock and Distributions 
 ) ) 0.32 Third Quarter 13.20 ) 0.30 Second Quarter 13.42 ) 0.30 First Quarter 13.56 ) 0.30 December 31, 2021 Fourth Quarter 13.49 ) 0.30 Third Quarter 13.26 ) 0.30 Second Quarter 13.33 ) 0.30 First Quarter 12.85 ) 0.30 
 
 (1) NAV is determined as of the last date in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 
 (2) Closing sales price is determined as the high or low closing sales price noted within the respective quarter, not adjusted for distributions. 
 (3) Calculated as of the respective high or low closing sales price divided by the quarter end NAV. 
 (4) Represents the distributions declared or paid for the specified quarter. 
 (5) Tax characteristics of all distributions paid are reported to stockholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. 
 As of February 23, 2023, we had twelve stockholders of record and one beneficial owner whose shares are held in the names of brokers, dealers, funds, trusts and clearing agencies. 
 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from NAV or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV will decrease. Since our initial public offering on May 19, 2011, our shares of common stock have traded at times at both a discount and a premium to the net assets attributable to those shares. As of February 23, 2023, our shares of common stock traded at a discount of approximately of the NAV attributable to those shares as of December 31, 2022. It is not possible to predict whether the shares offered hereby will trade at, above, or below NAV. 
 Distributions 
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders in amounts sufficient to maintain our status as a regulated investment company ("RIC"). We intend to distribute approximately our entire net investment income on a quarterly basis and substantially all of our taxable income on an annual basis, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment. The distributions we pay to our stockholders in a year may exceed our taxable income for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital, which is a return of a portion of a stockholders original investment in our common stock, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Generally, a return of capital will reduce an investor's adjusted tax 
 56 

Table of Contents 

basis in our stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which will result in a higher tax liability when the stock is sold. The specific tax characteristics of our distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of the calendar year. 
 We maintain an "opt out" dividend reinvestment plan on behalf of our stockholders, pursuant to which each of our stockholders' cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless the stockholder elects to receive cash. 
 We apply the following in implementing the dividend reinvestment plan. If the price at which newly issued shares are to be credited to stockholders' accounts is equal to or greater than 110.0 of the last determined NAV of the shares, we will use only newly issued shares to implement the dividend reinvestment plan. Under such circumstances, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock on the NASDAQ on the distribution payment date. Market price per share on that date will be the closing price for such shares on the NASDAQ or, if no sale is reported for such day, the average of their electronically reported bid and ask prices. 
 If the price at which newly issued shares are to be credited to stockholders' accounts is less than 110.0 of the last determined NAV of the shares, we will either issue new shares or instruct the plan administrator to purchase shares in the open market to satisfy the additional shares required. Shares purchased in open market transactions by the plan administrator will be allocated to a stockholder based on the average purchase price, excluding any brokerage charges or other charges, of all shares of common stock purchased in the open market. The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after giving effect to payment of the distribution cannot be established until the value per share at which additional shares will be issued has been determined and elections of our stockholders have been tabulated. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion on our distributions policy in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 We did not engage in unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, as part of our dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders, our dividend reinvestment plan administrator purchased 198,058 shares of our common stock for 2.4 million in the open market in order to satisfy the reinvestment portion of our distribution. 
 The following table outlines purchases by our dividend reinvestment administrator of our common stock for this purpose during the year ended December 31, 2022. (in thousands, except shares and per share data) Total Number of Weighted Average Price Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Period Shares Purchased Paid Per Share or Programs Plans or Programs January 2022 February 2022 March 2022 April 2022 May 2022 June 2022 July 2022 97,086 12.20 August 2022 September 2022 October 2022 100,972 11.66 November 2022 December 2022 Total 198,058 11.92 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On February 4, 2016, our board of directors authorized a program for the purpose of repurchasing up to 50.0 million worth of our common stock (the "Repurchase Program"). Under the Repurchase Program, we were permitted, but were not obligated to, repurchase our outstanding common stock in the open market from time to time, provided that we complied with our code of ethics and the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including certain price, market volume and timing constraints. In addition, any repurchases were conducted in accordance with the 1940 Act. On December 22, 2022, our board of directors extended our Repurchase Program and we expect the Repurchase Program to be in place until the earlier of December 31, 2023 or until 50.0 million of outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. To date, approximately 2.9 million of common stock has been repurchased by us under the Repurchase Program. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock under the Repurchase Program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor's 500 Total Return Index ("S P 500 TR") and the Russell 2000 Index Total Return ("Russell 2000 TR") as we do not believe that there is an appropriate index of companies with an investment strategy similar to our own with which to compare the return on our common stock, for the period May 19, 2011 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that, on May 19, 2011, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the S P 500 TR and the Russell 2000 TR. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and distributions. It assumes that distributions paid are invested in like securities. 
 
 The graph and other information furnished under this Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

59 

Table of Contents 

Fees and Expenses 
 (3) Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock) Base management fees (4) Incentive fees payable under the Investment Management Agreement (5) Interest payments on borrowed funds (6) Other expenses (7) Acquired fund fees and expenses (8) Total annual expenses (9) Base management fee waiver ) (10) Total annual expenses after the base management fee waiver 16.79 (9)(10) 

(3) If a participant elects by written notice to the plan administrator to have the plan administrator sell part or all of the shares held by the plan administrator in the participant's account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the plan administrator is authorized to deduct a 15.00 transaction fee plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commission from the proceeds. The expenses of the dividend reinvestment plan are included in "other expenses." The plan administrator's fees will be paid by us. There will be no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who participate in the plan. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 (4) 
 (5) Assumes that annual incentive fees earned by the Investment Adviser remain consistent with the gross incentive fees earned by the Investment Adviser during the year ended December 31, 2022 and calculated without deducting any incentive fees waived. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have a capital gains incentive fee accrual. As we cannot predict whether we will meet the thresholds for incentive fees under the Investment Management Agreement, the incentive fees paid in subsequent periods, if any, may be substantially different than the fees incurred during the year 
 60 

Table of Contents 

(8) 
 (9) The holders of shares of our common stock indirectly bear the cost associated with our annual expenses. 
 (10) Effective as of and for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 through the quarter ending December 31, 2023, the Investment Adviser entered into a fee waiver agreement (the Fee Waiver Agreement pursuant to which the Investment Adviser will waive base management fees in order to reach a target base management fee of 1.25 on gross assets (the Reduced Base Management Fee ). The Investment Adviser cannot recoup management fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. The base management fee waiver reflected in the table above is based on the base management fees waived during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5. Agreements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Example 
 
 The example should not be considered a representation of future expenses, and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. 
 While the example assumes, as required by the applicable rules of the SEC, a 5.0 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5.0 . The incentive fee under the Investment Management Agreement, which, assuming a 5.0 annual return, would either not be payable or would have an insignificant impact on the expense amounts shown above, is not included in the above example. The above illustration assumes that we will not realize any capital gains (computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation) in any of the indicated time periods. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses and returns to our investors would be higher. For example, if we assumed that we received our 5.0 annual return completely in the form of net realized capital gains on our investments, computed net of all cumulative unrealized depreciation on our investments, the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses set forth in the above illustration would be as follows: 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years 10 Years You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5.0 annual return completely in the form of net realized capital gains 157 419 625 965 
 The example assumes no sales load. In addition, while the examples assume reinvestment of all distributions at net asset value, participants in our dividend reinvestment plan will receive a number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a participant by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the dividend payment date. The market price per share of our common stock may be at, above or below net asset value. See Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Reinvestment Plan in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Financial Highlights 
 The following information sets forth NMFC's financial highlights for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Per share data(1): Net asset value at the beginning of the period 13.49 12.62 13.26 13.22 13.63 Net investment income 1.18 1.21 1.20 1.37 1.39 Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains(2) (0.43) 0.86 (0.60) 0.03 (0.44) Total net increase 0.75 2.07 0.60 1.40 0.95 Distributions declared to stockholders from net investment income (1.22) (1.20) (1.24) (1.36) (1.36) Net asset value at the end of the period 13.02 13.49 12.62 13.26 13.22 Per share market value at the end of the period 12.37 13.70 11.36 13.74 12.58 Total return based on market value(3) (0.56) 31.91 (5.24) 20.45 2.70 Total return based on net asset value(4) 5.71 16.97 5.52 10.90 7.16 Shares outstanding at end of period 100,937,026 97,907,441 96,827,342 96,827,342 76,106,372 Average weighted shares outstanding for the period 100,202,847 96,952,959 96,827,342 85,209,378 76,022,375 Average net assets for the period 1,344,266 1,261,338 1,168,043 1,154,615 1,026,313 Ratio to average net assets: Net investment income 8.82 9.32 10.05 10.15 10.33 Total expenses, before waivers/reimbursements 13.35 13.11 14.56 14.87 12.90 Total expenses, net of waivers/reimbursements 13.01 12.05 13.39 13.80 12.22 Average debt outstanding Holdings Credit Facility 581,367 478,016 526,645 598,129 384,433 Average debt outstanding Convertible Notes (5) 228,806 201,250 201,250 234,332 197,058 Average debt outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures 300,000 300,000 285,852 179,408 158,471 Average debt outstanding Unsecured Notes 526,829 516,611 453,250 414,949 266,296 Average debt outstanding NMFC Credit Facility(6) 133,053 132,685 155,497 105,533 117,719 Average debt outstanding DB Credit Facility(7) 209,898 209,307 233,649 113,967 49,833 Average debt outstanding NMNLC Credit Facility(8) 1,471 3,570 Average debt outstanding NMNLC Credit Facility II(9) 7,195 3,501 Asset coverage ratio(10) 177.42 181.21 180.68 173.98 181.37 Portfolio turnover 18.01 35.33 15.43 11.58 36.75 
 
 (1) Per share data is based on weighted average shares outstanding for the respective period (except for distributions declared to stockholders which is based on actual rate per share). 
 (2) Includes the effect of common stock issuances per share, which for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 were 0.01, (0.01), 0.00, 0.08 and 0.00, respectively. 
 (3) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of common stock at the opening of the first day of the year and a sale on the closing of the last business day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company's dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 (4) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase at net asset value on the opening of the first day of the year and a sale at net asset value on the last day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at the net asset value on the last day of the respective quarter. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2022, average debt outstanding includes the 2022 Convertible Notes for the period from November 2, 2022 (issuance of the 2022 Convertible Notes) to December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Under the NMFC Credit Facility, the Company may borrow in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in GBP of 22,850 and borrowings denominated in EUR of 700 that have been converted to U.S. dollars. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings denominated in GBP of 16,400 that has been converted to U.S. dollars. 
 (7) For the year ended December 31, 2018, average debt outstanding represents the period from December 14, 2018 (commencement of the DB Credit Facility) to December 31, 2018. See Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details. 
 (8) For the year ended December 31, 2020, average debt outstanding represents the period from January 1, 2020 to September 23, 2020 (maturity of the NMNLC Credit Facility). For the year ended December 31, 2018, average debt outstanding represents the period from September 21, 2018 (commencement of the NMNLC Credit Facility) to December 31, 2018. See Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details. 
 (9) For the year ended December 31, 2021, average debt outstanding represents the period from February 26, 2021 (commencement of the NMNLC Credit Facility II) to December 31, 2021. 
 (10) On November 5, 2014, the Company received exemptive relief from the SEC allowing the Company to modify the asset coverage requirement to exclude the SBA-guaranteed debentures from this calculation. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

The following information sets forth NMFC's financial highlights for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. Year Ended December 31, 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Per share data(1): Net asset value at the beginning of the period 13.46 13.08 13.83 14.38 14.06 Net investment income 1.38 1.36 1.38 1.10 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)(2) 0.15 0.38 (0.77) (0.80) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations allocated from NMF Holdings: Net investment income(3) 0.44 1.45 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)(2)(3) 0.19 0.35 Total net increase 1.53 1.74 0.61 0.93 1.80 Dividends declared to stockholders from net investment income (1.36) (1.36) (1.36) (1.36) (1.45) Dividends declared to stockholders from net realized gains (0.12) (0.03) Net asset value at the end of the period 13.63 13.46 13.08 13.83 14.38 Per share market value the end of the period 13.55 14.10 13.02 14.94 15.04 Total return based on market value(4) 5.54 19.68 (4.00) 9.66 11.62 Total return based on net asset value(5) 11.77 13.98 4.32 6.56 13.27 Shares outstanding at end of period 75,935,093 69,717,814 64,005,387 57,997,890 45,224,755 Average weighted shares outstanding for the period 74,171,268 64,918,191 59,715,290 51,846,164 35,092,722 Average net assets for the period 1,011,562 863,193 832,805 749,732 502,822 Ratio to average net assets(6): Net investment income 10.10 10.21 9.91 10.68 10.10 Total expenses, before waivers/reimbursements 10.23 9.91 9.28 7.65 8.53 Total expenses, net of waivers/reimbursements 9.45 9.27 8.57 7.41 8.13 
 
 (1) Per share data is based on weighted average shares outstanding for the respective period (except for dividends declared to stockholders which is based on actual rate per share). 
 (2) Includes the accretive effect of common stock issuances per share, which for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 were 0.05, 0.02, 0.06, 0.05, and 0.04 respectively. 
 (3) For the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, per share data is based on the summation of the per share results of operations items over the outstanding shares for the period in which the respective line items were realized or earned. 
 (4) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of common stock at the opening of the first day of the period and a sale on the closing of the last business day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company's dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 (5) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase at net asset value on the opening of the first day of the year and a sale at net asset value on the last day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at the net asset value on the last day of the respective quarter. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 (6) Ratio to average net assets for the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 is based on the summation of the results of operations items over the net assets for the period in which the respective line items were realized or earned. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company is reflecting its net investment income and expenses as well as its proportionate share of the Predecessor Operating Company's net investment income and expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company is reflecting its proportionate share of the Predecessor Operating Company's net investment income and expenses. 

64 

Table of Contents 

The following information sets forth the financial highlights for NMFC for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 and NMF Holdings for the year ended December 31, 2013. NMFC Year Ended December 31, NMF Holdings Year Ended December 31, 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Average debt outstanding Holdings Credit Facility(1) 345,174 341,055 394,945 243,693 184,124 Average debt outstanding SLF Credit Facility(2) 208,377 214,317 Average debt outstanding Convertible Notes(3) 155,250 125,227 115,000 115,000 Average debt outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures(4) 132,572 119,819 71,921 29,167 Average debt outstanding NMFC Credit Facility(5) 54,853 66,876 60,477 11,227 Average debt outstanding Unsecured Notes(6) 117,877 65,500 Asset coverage ratio(7) 240.76 259.34 234.05 226.70 257.73 Portfolio turnover(8) 41.98 36.07 33.93 29.51 40.52 
 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2014, average debt outstanding represents the Company's average debt outstanding as well as the Company's proportionate share of the Predecessor Operating Company's average debt outstanding. The average debt outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2014 at the Holdings Credit Facility was 244,598. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2014, average debt outstanding represents the Company's average debt outstanding as well as the Company's proportionate share of the Predecessor Operating Company's average debt outstanding for the period January 1, 2014 to December 17, 2014 (date of SLF Credit Facility merger with and into the Holdings Credit Facility). The average debt outstanding for the period January 1, 2014 to December 17, 2014 at the SLF Credit Facility was 209,333. 
 (3) For the year ended December 31, 2014, average debt outstanding represents the period from June 3, 2014 (issuance of the Convertible Notes) to December 31, 2014. 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2014, average debt outstanding represents the period from November 17, 2014 (date of initial SBA-guaranteed debenture borrowing) to December 31, 2014. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2014, average debt outstanding represents the period from June 4, 2014 (commencement of the NMFC Credit Facility) to December 31, 2014. 
 (6) For the year ended December 31, 2016, average debt outstanding represents the period form May 6, 2016 (issuance of the 2016 Unsecured Notes) to December 31, 2016. See Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details. 
 (7) On November 5, 2014, the Company received exemptive relief from the SEC allowing the Company to modify the asset coverage requirement to exclude the SBA-guaranteed debentures from this calculation. 
 (8) For the year ended December 31, 2014, portfolio turnover represents the investment activity of the Predecessor Operating Company and the Company. 
 
 The following table sets forth selected financial and other data for NMF Holdings when it was the Predecessor Operating Company for the year ended December 31, 2013. Year Ended December 31, 2013 Total return based on net asset value(1) 13.27 Average net assets for the period 630,156 Ratio to average net assets: Net investment income 10.10 Total expenses (gross) 8.64 Total expenses (net of reimbursable expenses) 8.13 Net assets, end of year 688,516 Average debt outstanding Holdings Credit Facility 184,124 Average debt outstanding SLF Credit Facility 214,317 Weighted average common membership units outstanding for the year 44,021,920 Asset coverage ratio 257.73 Portfolio turnover 40.52 
 
 (1) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase at net asset value on the opening of the first day of the year and a sale at net asset value on the last day of the respective year. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at the net asset value on the last day of the respective quarter. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The information in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations relates to New Mountain Finance Corporation, including its wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, "we", "us", "our", "NMFC" or the "Company"). 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial data and our financial statements and the notes thereto contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial data and consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including in the following discussion) constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or our financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this section involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
 statements concerning the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets; 
 the general economy, including interest and inflation rates, and the COVID-19 pandemic on the industries in which we invest; 
 the impact of interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning of LIBOR and rising interest rates, on our business and our portfolio companies; 
 our future operating results, our business prospects, the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic thereon; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic thereon; 
 our ability to make investments consistent with our investment objectives, including with respect to the size, nature and terms of our investments; 
 the ability of New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the "Investment Adviser") or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Investment Adviser and New Mountain Capital Group, L.P. (together with New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. and its affiliates, "New Mountain Capital") whose ultimate owners include Steven B. Klinsky, other current and former New Mountain Capital professionals and related vehicles and a minority investor; and 
 the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Forward-looking statements are identified by their use of such terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "potential", "project", "seek", "should", "target", "will", "would" or similar expressions. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Overview 
 We are a Delaware corporation that was originally incorporated on June 29, 2010 and completed our initial public offering ("IPO") on May 19, 2011. We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). We have elected to be treated, and intend to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Since our IPO, and through December 31, 2022, we raised approximately 945.6 million in net proceeds from additional offerings of our common stock. 
 The Investment Adviser is a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital. New Mountain Capital is a firm with a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours. New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. (the "Administrator ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. 
 We have established the following wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries: 
 New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C. ("NMF Holdings") and New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C. ("NMFDB"), whose assets are used to secure NMF Holdings credit facility and NMFDB s credit facility, respectively; 
 New Mountain Finance SBIC, L.P. ("SBIC I") and New Mountain Finance SBIC II, L.P. ("SBIC II"), who have received licenses from the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") to operate as small business investment companies ("SBICs") under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (the "1958 Act") and their general partners, New Mountain Finance SBIC G.P., L.L.C. ("SBIC I GP") and New Mountain Finance SBIC II G.P., L.L.C. ("SBIC II GP"), respectively; 
 NMF Ancora Holdings, Inc. ("NMF Ancora"), NMF QID NGL Holdings, Inc. ("NMF QID"), NMF YP Holdings, Inc. ("NMF YP"), NMF Permian Holdings LLC ("NMF Permian"), NMF HB, Inc. ("NMF HB"), NMF TRM, LLC ("NMF TRM"), NMF Pioneer, Inc. ("NMF Pioneer") and NMF OEC, Inc. ("NMF OEC"), which serve as tax blocker corporations by holding equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies (or other forms of pass-through entities); we consolidate our tax blocker corporations for accounting purposes but the tax blocker corporations are not consolidated for income tax purposes and may incur income tax expense as a result of their ownership of the portfolio companies; and 
 New Mountain Finance Servicing, L.L.C. ("NMF Servicing"), which serves as the administrative agent on certain investment transactions. 
 
 New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ("NMNLC") is a majority-owned consolidated subsidiary of ours, which acquires commercial real estate properties that are subject to "triple net" leases has elected to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, within the meaning of Section 856(a) of the Code. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our net asset value was approximately 1,314.5 million and our portfolio had a fair value, as determined in good faith by the board of directors, of approximately 3,221.2 million in 107 portfolio companies, with a weighted average yield to maturity at cost for income producing investments ("YTM at Cost") of approximately 11.3 and a weighted average yield to maturity at cost for all investments ("YTM at Cost for Investments") of approximately 10.0 . The 
 68 

Table of Contents 

YTM at Cost calculation assumes that all investments, including secured collateralized agreements, not on non-accrual are purchased at cost on the quarter end date and held until their respective maturities with no prepayments or losses and exited at par at maturity. The YTM at Cost for Investments calculation assumes that all investments, including secured collateralized agreements, are purchased at cost on the quarter end date and held until their respective maturities with no prepayments or losses and exited at par at maturity. YTM at Cost and YTM at Cost for Investments calculations exclude the impact of existing leverage. YTM at Cost and YTM at Cost for Investments use LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR and EURIBOR curves at each quarter's end date. The actual yield to maturity may be higher or lower due to the future selection of the LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR and EURIBOR contracts by the individual companies in our portfolio or other factors. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 On January 24, 2023, our board of directors declared a first quarter 2023 distribution of 0.32 per share payable on March 31, 2023 to holders of record as of March 17, 2023. 
 On January 30, 2023, we caused notices to be issued to holders of our 2018A Unsecured Notes regarding the exercise of our option to repay all of the 90.0 million in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2018A Unsecured Notes, which was repaid on January 27, 2023. 
 On February 27, 2023, Shiraz Y. Kajee, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, resigned, effective April 1, 2023. Mr. Kajee's departure is not related to any disagreement relating to our accounting, strategy, management, operations, policies, regulatory matters, or practices (financial or otherwise). Mr. Kajee will remain in his current capacity through his departure on April 1, 2023. We have engaged an executive search firm to find our next Chief Financial Officer. 
 Our board of directors will appoint Laura C. Holson as the interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer upon Mr. Kajee's departure, which will become effective April 1, 2023, until we complete our search for Mr. Kajee's permanent successor. In addition, Ms. Holson will continue in her role as Chief Operating Officer. The Investment Adviser believes that its management team, with the overall support of New Mountain Capital, is adequately staffed to support our business. 
 
 COVID-19 Developments 
 Our operating results and portfolio companies may be negatively impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We have been closely monitoring, and will continue to monitor, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including new variants of COVID-19, on all aspects of our business, including how it will impact our portfolio companies, employees, due diligence, and the financial markets. Any effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and for some period thereafter. 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial performance of our current and future investments will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the virus, related advisories and restrictions, and the health of the financial markets and economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. To 
 the extent our portfolio companies are adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, it may have a material 
 adverse impact on our future net investment income, the fair value of our portfolio investments and our financial condition. 
 
 While general economic conditions have improved since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to 
 see reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial 
 market instability both in the United States and globally. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy and 
 most other major global economies may continue to experience downturns, and we anticipate our business and operations could 
 be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the United States and other major markets. 
 
 For additional discussion on our portfolio companies, see Monitoring of Portfolio Investments . 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting policies. 
 Basis of Accounting 
 We consolidate our wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries: NMF Holdings, NMF Servicing, NMFDB, SBIC I, SBIC I GP, SBIC II, SBIC II GP, NMF Ancora, NMF QID, NMF YP, NMF Permian, NMF HB, NMF TRM, NMF Pioneer and 
 69 

Table of Contents 

NMF OEC and our majority-owned consolidated subsidiary, NMNLC. We are an investment company following accounting and reporting guidance as described in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ("ASC 946"). 
 Valuation and Leveling of Portfolio Investments 
 At all times consistent with GAAP and the 1940 Act, we conduct a valuation of our assets, which impacts our net asset value. 
 We value our assets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if required under the 1940 Act. In all cases, our board of directors is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of our portfolio investments on a quarterly basis in good faith, including investments that are not publicly traded, those whose market prices are not readily available and any other situation where our portfolio investments require a fair value determination. Security transactions are accounted for on a trade date basis. Our quarterly valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below: 
 (1) Investments for which market quotations are readily available on an exchange are valued at such market quotations based on the closing price indicated from independent pricing services. 
 (2) Investments for which indicative prices are obtained from various pricing services and/or brokers or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process, as described below, to determine whether the quote(s) obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP. 
 a. Bond quotes are obtained through independent pricing services. Internal reviews are performed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser to ensure that the quote obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP and if so, the quote is used. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote(s) internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below); and 
 b. For investments other than bonds, we look at the number of quotes readily available and perform the following procedures: 
 i. Investments for which two or more quotes are received from a pricing service are valued using the mean of the mean of the bid and ask of the quotes obtained. We will evaluate the reasonableness of the quote, and if the quote is determined to not be representative of fair value, we will use one or more of the methodologies outlined below to determine fair value; 
 ii. Investments for which one quote is received from a pricing service are validated internally. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser analyze the market quotes obtained using an array of valuation methods (further described below) to validate the fair value. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below). 
 (3) Investments for which quotations are not readily available through exchanges, pricing services, brokers or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process: 
 a. Each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the credit monitoring; 
 b. Preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with our senior management; 
 c. If an investment falls into (3) above for four consecutive quarters and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, then at least once each fiscal year, the valuation for each portfolio investment for which we do not have a readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors; and 
 d. When deemed appropriate by our management, an independent valuation firm may be engaged to review and value investment(s) of a portfolio company, without any preliminary valuation being performed by the Investment Adviser. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser will review and validate the value provided. 
 For investments in revolving credit facilities and delayed draw commitments, the cost basis of the funded investments purchased is offset by any costs/netbacks received for any unfunded portion on the total balance committed. The fair value is also adjusted for the price appreciation or depreciation on the unfunded portion. As a result, the purchase of a commitment not completely funded may result in a negative fair value until it is called and funded. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

The values assigned to investments are based upon available information and do not necessarily represent amounts which might ultimately be realized, since such amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot be reasonably determined until the individual positions are liquidated. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period and the fluctuations could be material. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

GAAP fair value measurement guidance classifies the inputs used in measuring fair value into three levels as follows: 
 Level I Quoted prices (unadjusted) are available in active markets for identical investments and we have the ability to access such quotes as of the reporting date. The type of investments which would generally be included in Level I include active exchange-traded equity securities and exchange-traded derivatives. As required by Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ("ASC 820"), we, to the extent that we hold such investments, do not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where we hold a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price. 
 Level II Pricing inputs are observable for the investments, either directly or indirectly, as of the reporting date, but are not the same as those used in Level I. Level II inputs include the following: 
 Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 
 Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets (examples include corporate and municipal bonds, which trade infrequently); 
 Pricing models whose inputs are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability (examples include most over-the-counter derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts); and 
 Pricing models whose inputs are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data through correlation or other means for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
 Level III Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. 
 The inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels. In all instances when the inputs fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. As such, a Level III fair value measurement may include inputs that are both observable and unobservable. Gains and losses for such assets categorized within the Level III table below may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs and unobservable inputs. 
 The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation by management and consideration of factors specific to each investment. A review of the fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in the transfer of certain investments within the fair value hierarchy from period to period. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4. Fair Value in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We generally use the following framework when determining the fair value of investments where there are little, if any, market activity or observable pricing inputs. We typically determine the fair value of our performing debt investments utilizing an income approach. Additional consideration is given using a market based approach, as well as reviewing the overall underlying portfolio company's performance and associated financial risks. The following outlines additional details on the approaches considered: 
 Company Performance, Financial Review, and Analysis: Prior to investment, as part of our due diligence process, we evaluate the overall performance and financial stability of the portfolio company. Post investment, we analyze each portfolio company's current operating performance and relevant financial trends versus prior year and budgeted results, including, but not limited to, factors affecting its revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") growth, margin trends, liquidity position, covenant compliance and changes to its capital structure. We also attempt to identify and subsequently track any developments at the portfolio company, within its customer or vendor base or within the industry or the macroeconomic environment, generally, that may alter any material element of our original investment thesis. This analysis is specific to each portfolio company. We leverage the knowledge gained from our original due diligence process, augmented by this subsequent monitoring, to continually refine our outlook for each of our portfolio companies and ultimately form the valuation of our investment in each portfolio company. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent sale occurs, we will consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the private valuation. 
 For debt investments, we may employ the Market Based Approach (as described below) to assess the total enterprise value of the portfolio company, in order to evaluate the enterprise value coverage of our debt investment. For equity investments or in cases where the Market Based Approach implies a lack of enterprise value coverage for the debt investment, we may additionally employ a discounted cash flow analysis based on the free cash flows of the portfolio company to assess the total enterprise value. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

After enterprise value coverage is demonstrated for our debt investments through the method(s) above, the Income Based Approach (as described below) may be employed to estimate the fair value of the investment. 
 Market Based Approach: We may estimate the total enterprise value of each portfolio company by utilizing EBITDA or revenue multiples of publicly traded comparable companies and comparable transactions. We consider numerous factors when selecting the appropriate companies whose trading multiples are used to value our portfolio companies. These factors include, but are not limited to, the type of organization, similarity to the business being valued, and relevant risk factors, as well as size, profitability and growth expectations. We may apply an average of various relevant comparable company EBITDA or revenue multiples to the portfolio company's latest twelve month ("LTM") EBITDA or revenue, or projected EBITDA or revenue to calculate the enterprise value of the portfolio company. Significant increases or decreases in the EBITDA or revenue multiples will result in an increase or decrease in enterprise value, which may result in an increase or decrease in the fair value estimate of the investment. 
 Income Based Approach: We also may use a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate the fair value of the investment. Projected cash flows represent the relevant security's contractual interest, fee and principal payments plus the assumption of full principal recovery at the investment's expected maturity date. These cash flows are discounted at a rate established utilizing a combination of a yield calibration approach and a comparable investment approach. The yield calibration approach incorporates changes in the credit quality (as measured by relevant statistics) of the portfolio company, as compared to changes in the yield associated with comparable credit quality market indices, between the date of origination and the valuation date. The comparable investment approach utilizes an average yield-to maturity of a selected set of high-quality, liquid investments to determine a comparable investment discount rate. Significant increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4. Fair Value in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our Level III investments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC 
 NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC ("SLP III") was formed as a Delaware limited liability company and commenced operations on April 25, 2018. SLP III is structured as a private joint venture investment fund between us and SkyKnight Income II, LLC SkyKnight II and operates under a limited liability company agreement (the "SLP III Agreement"). The purpose of the joint venture is to invest primarily in senior secured loans issued by portfolio companies within our core industry verticals. These investments are typically broadly syndicated first lien loans. All investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the board of managers of SLP III, which has equal representation from us and SkyKnight II. SLP III has a five year investment period and will continue in existence until April 25, 2025. The investment period may be extended for up to one year pursuant to certain terms of the SLP III Agreement. 
 SLP III is capitalized with equity contributions which are called from its members, on a pro-rata basis based on their equity commitments, as transactions are completed. Any decision by SLP III to call down on capital commitments requires approval by the board of managers of SLP III. As of December 31, 2022, we and SkyKnight II have committed and contributed 140.0 million and 35.0 million, respectively, of equity to SLP III. Our investment in SLP III is disclosed on our Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 On May 2, 2018, SLP III entered into its revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A., which matures on January 8, 2026. Effective July 8, 2021, the reinvestment period was extended to July 8, 2024. As of the most recent amendment on July 8, 2021, during the reinvestment period the credit facility bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.60 and after the reinvestment period it will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.90 . Prior to July 8, 2021, the credit facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.70 . Effective November 23, 2020, SLP III's revolving credit facility has a maximum borrowing capacity of 525.0 million. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP III had total investments with an aggregate fair value of approximately 639.3 million and 702.1 million, respectively, and debt outstanding under its credit facility of 512.1 million and 510.9 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, none of SLP III's investments were on non-accrual. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP III had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws of 2.9 million and 4.6 million, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Below is a summary of SLP III's portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 First lien investments (1) 690,017 709,517 Weighted average interest rate on first lien investments (2) 8.51 4.50 Number of portfolio companies in SLP III 83 80 Largest portfolio company investment (1) 18,197 23,489 Total of five largest portfolio company investments (1) 85,948 95,504 
 
 (1) Reflects principal amount or par value of investment. 
 (2) Computed as the all in interest rate in effect on accruing investments divided by the total principal amount of investments. 
 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3. Investments in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a listing of the individual investments in SLP III's portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and additional information on certain summarized financial information for SLP III as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC 
 NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC ("SLP IV") was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on April 6, 2021, and commenced operations on May 5, 2021. SLP IV is structured as a private joint venture investment fund between us and SkyKnight Income Alpha, LLC ("SkyKnight Alpha") and operates under the First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC (the "SLP IV Agreement"). Upon the effectiveness of the SLP IV Agreement dated May 5, 2021, the members contributed their respective membership interests in NMFC Senior Loan Program I LLC ("SLP I") and NMFC Senior Loan Program II LLC ("SLP II") to SLP IV. Immediately following the contribution of their membership interests, SLP I and SLP II became wholly-owned subsidiaries of SLP IV. The purpose of the joint venture is to invest primarily in senior secured loans issued by portfolio companies within our core industry verticals. These investments are typically broadly syndicated first lien loans. All investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the board of managers of SLP IV, which has equal representation from us and SkyKnight Alpha. SLP IV has a five year investment period and will continue in existence until May 5, 2028. The investment period may be extended for up to one year pursuant to certain terms of the SLP IV Agreement. 
 SLP IV is capitalized with equity contributions which were transferred and contributed from its members. As of December 31, 2022, we and SkyKnight Alpha have transferred and contributed 112.4 million and 30.6 million, respectively, of their membership interests in SLP I and SLP II to SLP IV. Our investment in SLP IV is disclosed on our Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 On May 5, 2021, SLP IV entered into a 370.0 million revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association which matures on May 5, 2026 and bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.60 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP IV had total investments with an aggregate fair value of approximately 473.8 million and 504.9 million, respectively, and debt outstanding under its credit facility of 365.5 million and 360.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, none of SLP IV s investments were on non-accrual. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP IV had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws of 2.0 million and 6.1 million, respectively. 
 Below is a summary of SLP IV's consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 First lien investments (1) 510,372 513,298 Weighted average interest rate on first lien investments (2) 8.54 4.64 Number of portfolio companies in SLP IV 74 68 Largest portfolio company investment (1) 21,982 22,215 Total of five largest portfolio company investments (1) 93,734 99,875 
 
 (1) Reflects principal amount or par value of investment. 
 (2) Computed as the all in interest rate in effect on accruing investments divided by the total principal amount of investments. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3. Investments in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a listing of individual investments in SLP IV's consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and additional information on certain summarized financial information for SLP IV as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 5, 2021 to December 31, 2021. 
 
 New Mountain Net Lease Corporation 
 NMNLC was formed to acquire commercial real estate properties that are subject to "triple net" leases. NMNLC's investments are disclosed on our Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On March 30, 2020, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser purchased directly from NMNLC 105,030 shares of NMNLC s common stock at a price of 107.73 per share, which represented the net asset value per share of NMNLC at the date of purchase, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 11.3 million. Immediately thereafter, NMNLC redeemed 105,030 shares of its common stock held by NMFC in exchange for a promissory note with a principal amount of 11.3 million and a 7.0 interest rate, which was repaid by NMNLC to NMFC on March 31, 2020. 
 Below is certain summarized property information for NMNLC as of December 31, 2022: Lease Total Fair Value as of Portfolio Company Tenant Expiration Date Location Square Feet December 31, 2022 (in thousands) (in thousands) NM NL Holdings LP / NM GP Holdco LLC Various Various Various Various 95,333 NM CLFX LP Victor Equipment Company 8/31/2033 TX 423 16,172 NM YI, LLC Young Innovations, Inc. 10/31/2039 IL / MO 212 9,481 120,986 
 Collateralized agreements or repurchase financings 
 We follow the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing Secured Borrowing and Collateral ("ASC 860") when accounting for transactions involving the purchases of securities under collateralized agreements to resell (resale agreements). These transactions are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are recorded at their contracted resale or repurchase amounts, as specified in the respective agreements. Interest on collateralized agreements is accrued and recognized over the life of the transaction and included in interest income. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we held one collateralized agreement to resell with a cost basis of 30.0 million and 30.0 million, respectively, and a fair value of 16.5 million and 21.4 million, respectively. The collateralized agreement to resell is on non-accrual. The collateralized agreement to resell is guaranteed by a private hedge fund, PPVA Fund, L.P. The private hedge fund is currently in liquidation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to the terms of the collateralized agreement, the private hedge fund was obligated to repurchase the collateral from us at the par value of the collateralized agreement. The private hedge fund has breached its agreement to repurchase the collateral under the collateralized agreement. The default by the private hedge fund did not release the collateral to us, therefore, we do not have full rights and title to the collateral. A claim has been filed with the Cayman Islands joint official liquidators to resolve this matter. The joint official liquidators have recognized our contractual rights under the collateralized agreement. We continue to exercise our rights under the collateralized agreement and continue to monitor the liquidation process of the private hedge fund. The fair value of the collateralized agreement to resell is reflective of the increased risk of the position. 
 PPVA Black Elk (Equity) LLC 
 On May 3, 2013, we entered into a collateralized securities purchase and put agreement (the SPP Agreement with a private hedge fund. Under the SPP Agreement, we purchased twenty million Class E Preferred Units of Black Elk Energy Offshore Operations, LLC Black Elk for 20.0 million with a corresponding obligation of the private hedge fund, PPVA Black Elk (Equity) LLC, to repurchase the preferred units for 20.0 million plus other amounts due under the SPP Agreement. The majority owner of Black Elk was the private hedge fund. In August 2014, we received a payment of 20.5 million, the full amount due under the SPP Agreement. 
 In August 2017, a trustee (the Trustee for Black Elk informed us that the Trustee intended to assert a fraudulent conveyance claim (the Claim against us and one of its affiliates seeking the return of the 20.5 million repayment. Black Elk filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in August 2015. The Trustee alleged that individuals affiliated with the private hedge fund conspired with Black Elk and others to improperly use proceeds from the sale of certain Black Elk assets to repay, in August 2014, the private hedge fund s obligation to us under the SPP Agreement. We were unaware of these claims at the time the repayment was received. The private hedge fund is currently in liquidation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

On December 22, 2017, we settled the Trustee s 20.5 million Claim for 16.0 million and filed a claim with the Cayman Islands joint official liquidators of the private hedge fund for 16.0 million that is owed to us under the SPP Agreement. The SPP Agreement was restored and is in effect since repayment has not been made. We continue to exercise our rights under the SPP Agreement and continue to monitor the liquidation process of the private hedge fund. During the year ended December 31, 2018, we received a 1.5 million payment from our insurance carrier in respect to the settlement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the SPP Agreement has a cost basis of 14.5 million and 14.5 million, respectively, and a fair value of 8.0 million and 10.4 million, respectively, which is reflective of the higher inherent risk in this transaction. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Sales and paydowns of investments: Realized gains and losses on investments are determined on the specific identification method. 
 Interest and dividend income: Interest income, including amortization of premium and discount using the effective interest method, is recorded on the accrual basis and periodically assessed for collectability. Interest income also includes interest earned from cash on hand. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment penalties are recorded as part of interest income. We have loans and certain preferred equity investments in the portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind PIK interest or dividend provision. PIK interest and dividends are accrued and recorded as income at the contractual rates, if deemed collectible. The PIK interest and dividends are added to the principal or share balances on the capitalization dates and are generally due at maturity or when redeemed by the issuer. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we recognized PIK and non-cash interest from investments of approximately 17.3 million and 23.3 million, respectively, and PIK and non-cash dividends from investments of approximately 22.5 million and 19.5 million, respectively. 
 Dividend income on common equity is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Dividend income on preferred securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are deemed collectible. 
 Non-accrual income: Investments are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due for 30 days or more and when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued cash and un-capitalized PIK interest or dividends are reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Previously capitalized PIK interest or dividends are not reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest or dividend payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment of the ultimate collectibility. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. 
 Other income: Other income represents delayed compensation, consent or amendment fees, revolver fees, structuring fees, upfront fees and other miscellaneous fees received and are typically non-recurring in nature. Delayed compensation is income earned from counterparties on trades that do not settle within a set number of business days after trade date. Other income may also include fees from bridge loans. We may from time to time enter into bridge financing commitments, an obligation to provide interim financing to a counterparty until permanent credit can be obtained. These commitments are short-term in nature and may expire unfunded. A fee is received for providing such commitments. Structuring fees and upfront fees are recognized as income when earned, usually when paid at the closing of the investment, and are non-refundable. 
 
 Monitoring of Portfolio Investments 
 We monitor the performance and financial trends of our portfolio companies on at least a quarterly basis. We attempt to identify any developments within the portfolio company, the industry or the macroeconomic environment that may alter any material element of our original investment strategy. We have recently consolidated our portfolio monitoring procedures by combining our previously bifurcated system that separately (1) rated investments based on their performance compared to expectations and (2) assigned a risk rating to each investment based on the expected impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. As described more fully below, our new portfolio monitoring procedures are designed to provide a simple yet comprehensive analysis of our portfolio companies based on their operating performance and underlying business characteristics, which in turn forms the basis of its Risk Rating (as defined below). 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

We use an investment risk rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each investment in the portfolio. As such, we assign each investment a composite score Risk Rating based on two metrics 1) Operating Performance and 2) Business Characteristics: 
 
 Operating Performance assesses the health of the investment in context of its financial performance and the market environment it faces. The metric is expressed in Tiers of 1 to 4 , with 1 being the worst and 4 being the best: 
 Tier 1 Severe business underperformance and/or severe market headwinds 
 Tier 2 Significant business underperformance and/or significant market headwinds 
 Tier 3 Moderate business underperformance and/or moderate market headwinds 
 Tier 4 Business performance is in-line with or above expectations 
 
 Business Characteristics assesses the health of the investment in context of the underlying portfolio company s business and credit quality, the underlying portfolio company s current balance sheet, and the level of support from the equity sponsor. The metric is expressed as on a qualitative scale of A to C , with A being the best and C being the worst. 
 
 The Risk Rating for each investment is a composite of these two metrics. The Risk Rating is expressed in categories of Red, Orange, Yellow and Green, with Red reflecting an investment performing materially below expectations and Green reflecting an investment that is in-line with or above expectations. The mapping of the composite scores to these categories are below: 
 Red 1C (e.g., Tier 1 for Operating Performance and C for Business Characteristics) 
 Orange 2C and 1B 
 Yellow 3C, 2B, and 1A 
 Green 4C, 3B, 2A, 4B, 3A, and 4A 
 The following table shows the Risk Rating of our portfolio companies as of December 31, 2022: (in millions) As of December 31, 2022 Investment Rating Cost Percent Fair Value Percent Red 72.0 2.2 24.3 0.7 Orange 66.5 2.0 42.7 1.3 Yellow 216.0 6.6 184.0 5.8 Green 2,935.5 89.2 2,986.8 92.2 3,290.0 100.0 3,237.8 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2022, all investments in our portfolio had a Green Risk Rating with the exception of nine portfolio companies that had a Yellow Risk Rating, five portfolio companies that had an Orange Risk Rating and two portfolio companies that had a Red Risk Rating. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we placed our first lien term loan and first lien delayed draw term loan positions in Ansira Holdings, Inc. ("Ansira") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our first lien positions in Ansira on non-accrual status had an aggregate cost basis of 41.4 million, an aggregate fair value of 18.6 million, total unearned interest income of 2.1 million for the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, Ansira has a Red Risk Rating. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate principal amount of our second lien term loan in Integro Parent Inc. ("Integro") was 11.5 million. During the second quarter of 2022, we placed an aggregate principal amount of 4.0 million of our second lien position on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our position in Integro on non-accrual status had an aggregate cost basis of 3.9 million, an aggregate fair value of 3.1 million, total unearned interest income of 0.4 million and total unearned other income of 0.0 million for the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, Integro has a Green Risk Rating. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we placed our second lien positions in National HME, Inc. ("National HME") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our second lien positions in National HME had an aggregate cost basis of 25.3 million, an aggregate fair value of 5.4 million. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we reversed 11.2 million of previously recorded PIK interest in National HME and 1.5 million of previously recorded other income in NHME Holdings Corp. as we 
 77 

Table of Contents 

believe this PIK interest and other income will ultimately not be collectible. As of December 31, 2022, National HME and NHME Holdings Corp. have a Red Risk Rating. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate principal amount of our subordinated position and first lien term loans in American Achievement Corporation ("AAC") was 5.2 million and 30.4 million, respectively. During the first quarter of 2021, we placed an aggregate principal amount of 5.2 million of our subordinated position on non-accrual status. During the third quarter of 2021, we placed an aggregate principal amount of 13.1 million of our first lien term loans on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our positions in AAC on non-accrual status had an aggregate cost basis of 13.0 million, an aggregate fair value of 8.2 million and total unearned interest income of 1.5 million for the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, AAC has an Orange Risk Rating. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we placed our second lien position in Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation ("Sierra") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our second lien position in Sierra had an aggregate cost basis of 0.0 million, an aggregate fair value of 0.0 million and total unearned interest income of 0.0 million for the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, Sierra has a Red Risk Rating. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2020, we placed our investment in our junior preferred shares of UniTek Global Services, Inc. ("UniTek") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our junior preferred shares of UniTek had an aggregate cost basis of 34.4 million, an aggregate fair value of 0.0 million and total unearned dividend income of 6.7 million for the year then ended. During the third quarter of 2021, we placed an aggregate principal amount of 19.8 million of our investment in our senior preferred shares of UniTek on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, our senior preferred shares of UniTek had an aggregate cost basis of 19.8 million, an aggregate fair value of approximately 6.5 million and total unearned dividend income of approximately 4.7 million for the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, UniTek has a Green Risk Rating. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2018, we placed our first lien positions in Education Management II LLC on non-accrual status as the portfolio company announced its intention to wind down and liquidate the business. As of December 31, 2022, Education Management Corporation had an aggregate cost basis of 1.0 million, an aggregate fair value of 0.0 million and total unearned interest income of 0.0 million for the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, Education Management Corporation has an Orange Risk Rating. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2019, our security purchased under collateralized agreements to resell was placed on non-accrual. As of December 31, 2022, our investment in this security has a Yellow Risk Rating and has an aggregate cost basis of 30.0 million and an aggregate fair value of approximately 16.5 million. 
 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 The fair value of our investments, as determined in good faith by our board of directors, was approximately 3,221.2 million in 107 portfolio companies at December 31, 2022 and approximately 3,174.4 million in 106 portfolio companies at December 31, 2021. 
 The following table shows our portfolio and investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 New investments in 50 and 62 portfolio companies, respectively 620.7 1,134.9 Debt repayments in existing portfolio companies 395.1 857.8 Sales of securities in 9 and 13 portfolio companies, respectively 188.8 208.9 Change in unrealized appreciation on 21 and 36 portfolio companies, respectively 81.3 136.7 Change in unrealized depreciation on 92 and 92 portfolio companies, respectively (165.4) (44.3) 

Recent Accounting Standards Updates 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 15. Recent Accounting Standards in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on recent accounting standards updates. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Results of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in NMFC's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Revenue Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Total interest income 212,193 189,581 Total dividend income 65,885 62,347 Other income 16,552 19,031 Total investment income 294,630 270,959 
 Our total investment income increased by approximately 23.7 million, or 9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total investment income of 294.6 million consisted of approximately 186.8 million in cash interest from investments, approximately 17.3 million in PIK and non-cash interest from investments, approximately 2.5 million in prepayment fees, net amortization of purchase premiums and discounts of approximately 5.6 million, approximately 43.3 million in cash dividends from investments, approximately 22.5 million in PIK and non-cash dividends from investments and approximately 16.6 million in other income. The increase in interest income of approximately 22.6 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to higher SOFR and LIBOR rates on larger invested balances, which was partially offset by the reversal of 11.2 million of previously recorded PIK interest income related to our second lien positions in National HME, Inc., which was deemed to no longer be collectible. The increase in dividend income from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in cash dividends from our investments in SLP III, SLP IV and NMNLC and PIK dividends related to new investments. Other income during the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents fees that are generally non-recurring in nature, was primarily attributable to upfront, consent and amendment fees received from 40 different portfolio companies. In addition, total other income during the year ended December 31, 2022 included a reversal of 1.5 million of consultant fees previously recorded as other income related to our ordinary shares in NHME Holdings Corp., which was deemed to no longer be collectible. 
 Operating Expenses Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Management fee 46,617 52,960 Less: management fee waiver (4,402) (13,104) Total management fee 42,215 39,856 Total incentive fee 29,901 29,710 Interest and other financing expenses 92,421 73,098 Administrative fees 4,131 4,461 Professional fees 3,433 3,197 Other general and administrative expenses 2,338 1,923 Total expenses 174,439 152,245 Less: expenses waived and reimbursed (238) (244) Net expenses before income taxes 174,201 152,001 Income tax expense 825 118 Net expenses after income taxes 175,026 152,119 
 Our total net operating expenses increased by approximately 22.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our management fee, net of a management fee waiver, increased by approximately 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in management fees was attributable to higher invested balances. Our incentive fee for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 remained relatively flat. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Interest and other financing expenses increased by approximately 19.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher LIBOR rates on our floating rate borrowings and higher interest expense on our 2022A Unsecured Notes, issued in the second quarter, and our 2022 Convertibles Notes, issued in the fourth quarter. Higher interest expense was partially offset by lower interest expense on our 2017A Unsecured Notes, which were fully repaid in the third quarter, and lower interest expense on the 2018 Convertible Notes, which were partially repaid in the fourth quarter as a result of our tender offer to purchase 84.4 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding 2018 Convertible Notes. Our total professional fees, administrative fees, net of expenses waived and reimbursed, and other general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 remained relatively flat. 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net realized gains (losses) on investments 52,703 (3,864) Net realized gains on foreign currency 827 15 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments (84,134) 92,386 Net change in unrealized depreciation on foreign currency (1,115) (81) Net change in unrealized depreciation of securities purchased under collateralized agreements to resell (4,883) Provision for taxes (8,474) (114) Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains (45,076) 88,342 
 Our net realized gains and unrealized losses resulted in a net loss of approximately 45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the net realized losses and unrealized gains resulting in a net gain of approximately 88.3 million for the same period in 2021. As movement in unrealized appreciation or depreciation can be the result of realizations, we look at net realized and unrealized gains or losses together. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by unrealized depreciation on our investments in NM CLFX LP, Ansira, National HME and TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, which was partially offset by unrealized appreciation in Haven Midstream LLC, Unitek and New Permian Holdco, Inc. and realized gains in NM GLCR LP and Haven Midstream Holdings LLC. The provision for income taxes was primarily attributable to our equity investment in Haven Midstream Holdings LLC that is held as of December 31, 2022. The net gain for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by realized gains and unrealized appreciation on our investments in TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC and unrealized appreciation on our investments in New Benevis Topco, LLC, NM CLFX LP and NM GLCR LP, which offset realized losses on our investments in Tenawa Resource Holdings LLC and unrealized depreciation on our investments in AAC and UniTek. See Monitoring of Portfolio Investments above for more details regarding the health of our portfolio companies. 

80 

Table of Contents 

Investment Income and Net Realized and Unrealized (Losses) Gains Related to Non-Controlling Interest in New Mountain Net Lease Corporation 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total investment income 294,630 270,959 273,711 Net expenses after income taxes 175,026 152,119 156,367 Net investment income 119,604 118,840 117,344 Less: Net investment income related to non-controlling interests in NMNLC 1,107 1,326 812 Net investment income related to NMFC 118,497 117,514 116,532 Net change in realized gains (losses) on investments 52,703 (3,864) (3,614) Net change in realized gains on NMNLC 812 Net change in realized gains on foreign currency 827 15 Less: Net change in realized gains on investments related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC 4,054 Net change in realized gains (losses) of investments related to NMFC 49,476 (3,849) (2,802) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments (84,134) 92,386 (52,906) Net change in unrealized depreciation of NMNLC (812) Net change in unrealized depreciation of securities purchased under collateralized agreements to resell (4,883) Net change in unrealized depreciation on foreign currency (1,115) (81) (Provision) benefit for taxes (8,474) (114) 1,013 Less: Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC (5,365) 4,457 2,552 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments related to NMFC (93,241) 87,734 (55,257) 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Borrowings and Contractual Obligations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for repayment of indebtedness, investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to our stockholders or for other general corporate purposes. 
 Since our IPO, and through December 31, 2022, we raised approximately 945.6 million in net proceeds from additional offerings of common stock. 
 Our liquidity is generated and generally available through advances from the revolving credit facilities, from cash flows from operations, and, we expect, through periodic follow-on equity offerings. In addition, we may from time to time enter into additional debt facilities, increase the size of existing facilities or issue additional debt securities, including unsecured debt and/or debt securities convertible into common stock. Any such incurrence or issuance would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. On June 8, 2018 our shareholders approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, which resulted in the reduction from 200.0 to 150.0 of the minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to us as of June 9, 2018. In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, calculated pursuant to the 1940 Act, is at least 150.0 after such borrowing (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity). As a result of our exemptive relief received on November 5, 2014, we are permitted to exclude our SBA-guaranteed debentures from the 150.0 asset coverage ratio that the we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. The agreements governing the NMFC Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes (as defined below) and the Unsecured Notes (as defined below) contain certain covenants and terms, including a requirement that we not exceed a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.65 to 1.00 at the time of incurring additional indebtedness and a requirement that we not exceed a secured debt ratio of 0.70 to 1.00 at any time. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 177.42 . 
 81 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 71.2 million and 58.1 million, respectively. Our cash provided by (used in) operating activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was approximately 35.0 million and (22.1) million, respectively. We expect that all current liquidity needs will be met with cash flows from operations and other activities. 
 On November 3, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (collectively, the Agents ). The Distribution Agreement provides that we may issue and sell our shares from time to time through the Agents, up to 250.0 million worth of our common stock by means of at-the-market ("ATM") offerings. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 2,950,300 shares of common stock under the Distribution Agreement. For the same period, we received total accumulated net proceeds of approximately 40.0 million, including 0.4 million of offering expenses from these sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 914,175 shares of common stock under the Distribution Agreement. For the same period, we received total accumulated net proceeds of approximately 12.4 million, including 0.2 million of offering expenses, from these sales. 
 We generally use net proceeds from these ATM offerings to make investments, to pay down liabilities and for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares representing approximately 196.9 million and 237.4 million, respectively, of our common stock remains available for issuance and sale under the Distribution Agreement. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Agreements 
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had outstanding commitments to third parties to fund investments totaling 224.1 million and 215.4 million, respectively, under various undrawn revolving credit facilities, delayed draw commitments or other future funding commitments. 
 We may from time to time enter into financing commitment letters or bridge financing commitments, which could require funding in the future. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had commitment letters to purchase investments in an aggregate par amount of 45.6 million and 6.8 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had not entered into any bridge financing commitments which could require funding in the future. 

As of the most recent amendment on April 20, 2021, the Holdings Credit Facility bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.60 per annum for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined in the Fifth Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement) and LIBOR plus 2.10 per annum for all other investments. From September 30, 2020 to April 19, 2021, the Holdings Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.00 per annum for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined in the Fourth Amendment Loan and Security Agreement) and LIBOR plus 2.50 per annum for all other investments. Prior to September 30, 2020, the Holdings Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.75 per annum for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement) and LIBOR plus 2.25 per annum for all other 
 82 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the Holdings Credit Facility was million and 545.3 million, respectively, and NMF Holdings was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the Holdings Credit Facility on such dates. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on costs incurred on the Holdings Credit Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 

As of the most recent amendment on June 4, 2021, the NMFC Credit Facility generally bears interest at a rate of LIBOR, SONIA or EURIBOR plus 2.10 per annum or the prime rate plus 1.10 per annum, and charges a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by 0.375 per annum (as defined in the RCA). Prior to June 4, 2021, the NMFC Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.50 per annum or the prime rate plus 1.50 per annum, and charged a commitment fee based on the unused facility amount multiplied by 0.375 per annum (as defined in the RCA). 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the NMFC Credit Facility was million and 127.2 million, respectively, which included 22.9 million and 16.4 million, respectively, denominated in British Pound Sterling ("GBP") and 0.7 million and 0.0 million. respectively, denominated in Euro ("EUR") that have been converted to U.S. dollars. NMFC was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the NMFC Credit Facility on such dates. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on costs incurred on the NMFC Credit Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 borrowings were outstanding. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, amortization of financing costs were each less than 50.0 thousand, respectively. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

The advances under the DB Credit Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin plus the lender's Cost of Funds Rate. Prior to March 25, 2021, the Applicable Margin was equal to 2.60 during the Revolving Period and then increases by 0.20 during an Event of Default. Effective March 25, 2021, the Applicable Margin is equal to 2.35 during the Revolving Period and then increases by 0.20 during an Event of Default. The "Cost of Funds Rate" for a conduit lender is the lower of its commercial paper rate and the Base Rate plus 0.50 , and for any other lender is the Base Rate. The "Base Rate" is the three-months LIBOR Rate but may become an alternative base rate based on Deutsche Bank's base lending rate if certain LIBOR disruption events occur. We are also charged a non-usage fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by the Undrawn Fee Rate (as defined in the LFSA) and a facility agent fee of 0.25 per annum on the total facility amount. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the DB Credit Facility was million and 226.3 million, respectively, and NMFDB was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the DB Credit Facility on such date. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on costs incurred on the DB Credit Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 NMNLC Credit Facilities The Revolving Credit Agreement (together with the related guarantee and security agreement, the NMNLC Credit Facility ), dated September 21, 2018, by and between NMNLC, as the Borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as the Administrative Agent and Lender (the "NMNLC Revolving Credit Agreement"), was structured as a senior secured revolving credit facility and matured on September 23, 2020. The NMNLC Credit Facility was guaranteed by us and proceeds from the NMNLC Credit Facility were able to be used for funding of additional acquisition properties. 
 The NMNLC Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.50 per annum or the prime rate plus 1.50 per 
 annum, and charged a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by 0.15 per annum (as defined in the 
 NMNLC Revolving Credit Agreement). See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in 
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on costs incurred on the NMNLC Credit Facility for the year 
 ended December 31, 2020. 
 "), is structured as a senior secured revolving credit facility. As of the amendment on November 1, 2022, NM CLFX LP has been added as a co-borrower and the NMNLC CA will mature on November 1, 2024. The NMNLC Credit Facility II is guaranteed by us and proceeds from the NMNLC Credit Facility II are able to be used for refinancing existing loans on the properties held. 
 Prior to the amendment on December 7, 2021, the NMNLC Credit Facility II bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.75 per annum, and charged a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by 0.05 per annum (as defined in the NMNLC CA). From December 7, 2021 to November 1, 2022, the NMNLC Credit Facility II bore interest at a rate of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus 2.75 per annum with a 0.35 floor, and charges a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by 0.05 per annum (as defined in the NMNLC CA). As of the amendment on November 1, 2022, the NMNLC Credit Facility II bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus 2.25 . 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 84 

Table of Contents 

million and 15.2 million, respectively, and NMNLC was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the NMNLC Credit Facility II on such date. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on costs incurred on the NMNLC Credit Facility for the year ended December 31, 2020 and on the NMNLC Credit Facility II for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Convertible Notes 

85 

Table of Contents 

per share per quarter for the 2022 Convertible Notes and certain changes in control. Certain of these adjustments, including adjustments for increases in dividends, are subject to a conversion price floor of 13.80 per share for the 2018 Convertible Notes and 12.38 per share for the 2022 Convertible Notes. In no event will the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion exceed 72.4637 per 1 principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes and 80.7754 per 1 principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes. We have determined that the embedded conversion option in the Convertible Notes is not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under GAAP. 
 As reflected in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data Note 12. Earnings Per Share in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the issuance is considered part of the if-converted method for calculation of diluted earnings per share. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the outstanding balance on the 2018 Convertible Notes was million and 201.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the 2022 Convertible notes was million. NMFC was in compliance with the terms of the 2018A Indenture and 2018C Indenture on such date. 
 See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on costs incurred on the Convertible Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 

86 

Table of Contents 

On September 25, 2018, we closed a registered public offering of 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 5.75 Unsecured Notes that mature on October 1, 2023 (the "5.75 Unsecured Notes", together with the 2016 Unsecured Notes, 2017A Unsecured Notes, 2018A Unsecured Notes, 2018B Unsecured Notes, 2019A Unsecured Notes, 2021A Unsecured Notes and 2022A Unsecured Notes, the "Unsecured Notes"), pursuant to an indenture, dated August 20, 2018, as supplemented by a second supplemental indenture thereto, dated September 25, 2018 (together, the "2018B Indenture"). On October 17, 2018, in connection with the registered public offering, we issued an additional 1.8 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.75 Unsecured Notes pursuant to the exercise of an overallotment option by the underwriters of the 5.75 Unsecured Notes. 
 On March 8, 2021, we redeemed 51.8 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5.75 Unsecured Notes at a redemption price of 100 plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The 5.75 Unsecured Notes bore interest at an annual rate of 5.75 , payable quarterly on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year. The 5.75 Unsecured Notes were listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under the trading symbol NMFX until September 13, 2020. On September 14, 2020, the 5.75 Unsecured Notes began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (the "NASDAQ") under the ticker symbol "NMFCL", until redeemed on March 8, 2021. 
 The Unsecured Notes are unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness, if any, that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to our existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of our secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that we later secure) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries and financing vehicles. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information and costs incurred on the SBA-guaranteed debentures for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 
 A summary of our significant contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: Contractual Obligations Payments Due by Period (in millions) Total Less than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More than 5 Years Holdings Credit Facility(1) 619.0 619.0 Unsecured Notes(2) 531.5 140.0 116.5 275.0 Convertible Notes(3) 316.8 116.8 200.0 SBA-guaranteed debentures(4) 300.0 103.8 30.9 165.3 DB Credit Facility(5) 186.4 186.4 NMFC Credit Facility(6) 40.4 40.4 NMNLC Credit Facility II(7) 3.8 3.8 Total Contractual Obligations 1,997.9 256.8 424.1 1,151.7 165.3 
 
 (1) Under the terms of the 730.0 million Holdings Credit Facility, all outstanding borrowings under that facility 619.0 million as of December 31, 2022) must be repaid on or before April 20, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 111.0 million of possible capacity remaining under the Holdings Credit Facility. 
 (2) 90.0 million of the 2018A Unsecured Notes matured on January 30, 2023, 50.0 million of the 2018B Unsecured Notes will mature on June 28, 2023 unless earlier repurchased, 116.5 million of the 2019A Unsecured Notes will mature on April 30, 2024 unless earlier repurchased, 200.0 million of the 2021A Unsecured Notes will mature on January 29, 2026 unless earlier repurchased and 75.0 million of the 2022A Unsecured Notes that will mature on June 15, 2027 unless earlier repurchased. 
 (3) The 2018 Convertible Notes will mature on August 15, 2023 unless earlier converted or repurchased at the holder's option or redeemed by us. The 2022 Convertible Notes will mature on October 15, 2025 unless earlier converted or purchased at the holder's option or redeemed by us. 
 (4) Our SBA-guaranteed debentures will begin to mature on March 1, 2025. 
 (5) Under the terms of the 280.0 million DB Credit Facility, all outstanding borrowings under that facility 186.4 million as of December 31, 2022) must be repaid on or before March 25, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 93.6 million of possible capacity remaining under the DB Credit Facility. 
 (6) Under the terms of the 198.5 million NMFC Credit Facility, all outstanding borrowings under that facility 40.4 million, which included 22.9 million denominated in GBP and 0.7 million denominated in EUR that have been converted to U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2022) must be repaid on or before June 4, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 158.2 million of available capacity remaining under the NMFC Credit Facility. 
 (7) Under the terms of the NMNLC Credit Facility II, all outstanding borrowings under that facility must be repaid on or before November 1, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding borrowings for all borrowers was 26.3 million, of which 3.8 million was outstanding for NMNLC. 
 We have entered into an investment management and advisory agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement") with the Investment Adviser in accordance with the 1940 Act. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser has agreed to provide us with investment advisory and management services. We have agreed to pay for these services (1) a management fee and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance. 
 We have also entered into the administration agreement, as amended and restated (the "Administration Agreement") with the Administrator. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator has agreed to arrange office space for us and provide office equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services and other administrative services necessary to conduct our respective day-to-day operations. The Administrator has also agreed to maintain, or oversee the maintenance of, our financial records, our reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. 
 If any of the contractual obligations discussed above are terminated, our costs under any new agreements that are entered into may increase. In addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under the Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement. 

89 

Table of Contents 

Distributions and Dividends 
 Distributions declared and paid to stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 122.4 million. 
 The following table reflects cash distributions, including dividends and returns of capital, if any, per share that have been declared by our board of directors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Fiscal Year Ended Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Per Share Amount December 31, 2022 Fourth Quarter November 2, 2022 December 16, 2022 December 30, 2022 0.32 Third Quarter August 3, 2022 September 16, 2022 September 30, 2022 0.30 Second Quarter May 3, 2022 June 16, 2022 June 30, 2022 0.30 First Quarter February 23, 2022 March 17, 2022 March 31, 2022 0.30 1.22 December 31, 2021 Fourth Quarter October 27, 2021 December 16, 2021 December 30, 2021 0.30 Third Quarter July 29, 2021 September 16, 2021 September 30, 2021 0.30 Second Quarter April 30, 2021 June 16, 2021 June 30, 2021 0.30 First Quarter February 17, 2021 March 17, 2021 March 31, 2021 0.30 1.20 
 Tax characteristics of all distributions paid are reported to stockholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, total distributions were 122.4 million and 116.5 million, respectively, of which the distributions were comprised of approximately 70.59 and 90.99 , respectively, of ordinary income, 20.79 and 0.00 , respectively, of long-term capital gains and approximately 8.62 and 9.01 , respectively, of a return of capital. Future quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. 
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders in amounts sufficient to maintain our status as a RIC. We intend to distribute approximately all of our net investment income on a quarterly basis and substantially all of our taxable income on an annual basis, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment. 
 We maintain an "opt out" dividend reinvestment plan on behalf of our common stockholders, pursuant to which each of our stockholders' cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, unless the stockholder elects to receive cash. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
 Related Parties 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital. Therefore, New Mountain Capital is entitled to any profits earned by the Investment Adviser, which includes any fees payable to the Investment Adviser under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, less expenses incurred by the Investment Adviser in performing its services under the Investment Management Agreement. 
 We have entered into a fee waiver agreement (the "Fee Waiver Agreement") with the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser agreed to voluntarily reduce the base management fees payable to the Investment Adviser by us under the Investment Management Agreement beginning with the quarter ended March 31, 2021 through the quarter ending December 31, 2023. See Item 8 Financial Statements Note 5. Agreements for details. 
 We have entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital. The Administrator arranges our office space and provides office equipment and administrative services necessary to conduct our respective day-to-day operations pursuant to the Administration Agreement. We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, which includes the fees and expenses associated with performing administrative, finance, and compliance functions, and the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement and further 
 90 

Table of Contents 

restricted by us, the Administrator may, in its own discretion, submit to us for reimbursement some or all of the expenses that the Administrator has incurred on our behalf during any quarterly period. As a result, the amount of expenses for which we will have to reimburse the Administrator may fluctuate in future quarterly periods and there can be no assurance given as to when, or if, the Administrator may determine to limit the expenses that the Administrator submits to us for reimbursement in the future. However, it is expected that the Administrator will continue to support part of our expense burden in the near future and may decide to not calculate and charge through certain overhead related amounts as well as continue to cover some of the indirect costs. The Administrator cannot recoup any expenses that the Administrator has previously waived. For the year ended December 31, 2022 approximately 2.4 million of indirect administrative expenses were included in administrative expenses, of which approximately 0.2 million were waived by the Administrator. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 0.6 million of indirect administrative expenses were included in payable to affiliates. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the reimbursement to the Administrator represented approximately 0.07 of our gross assets. 
 We, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator have entered into a royalty-free Trademark License Agreement, as amended, with New Mountain Capital, pursuant to which New Mountain Capital has agreed to grant us, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator, a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name "New Mountain" and "New Mountain Finance", as well as the NMF logo. 
 In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our officers and directors, which is available on our website at http://www.newmountainfinance.com. These officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by the 1940 Act, and the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to our investment mandates. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Adviser's allocation procedures. On October 8, 2019, the SEC issued an exemptive order (the Exemptive Order ), which superseded a prior order issued on December 18, 2017, which permits us to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds or entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, we are permitted to co-invest with our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co-investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objective and strategies. The Exemptive Order was amended on August 30, 2022 to permit us to complete follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds if such private funds did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company, subject to certain conditions. 
 On March 30, 2020, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser purchased directly from NMNLC 105,030 shares of NMNLC s common stock at a price of 107.73 per share, which represented the net asset value per share of NMNLC at the date of purchase, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 11.3 million. Immediately thereafter, NMNLC redeemed 105,030 shares of its common stock held by NMFC in exchange for a promissory note with a principal amount of 11.3 million and a 7.0 interest rate, which was repaid by NMNLC to NMFC on March 31, 2020. 
 On March 30, 2020, we entered into the Unsecured Management Company Revolver with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, with a 30.0 million maximum amount of revolver borrowings available and a maturity date of December 31, 2022. On May 4, 2020, we entered into an Amended and Restated Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., which increased the maximum amounts of revolving borrowings available thereunder from 30.0 million to 50.0 million. On December 17, 2021, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., which lowered the interest rate and extended the maturity date from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. Refer to Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7. Borrowings, for discussion of the Unsecured Management Company Revolver. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to certain financial market risks, such as interest rate fluctuations. In addition, U.S. and global capital markets and credit markets have experienced a higher level of stress due to the global COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in an increase in the level of volatility across such markets and a general decline in value of the securities that we hold. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. Since March 2022, the Federal Reserve has been rapidly raising interest rates and has indicated that it would consider additional rate hikes in response to ongoing inflation concerns. In a rising interest rate environment, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income if there is not a corresponding increase in interest income generated by our investment portfolio. It is possible that the Federal Reserve's tightening cycle could result in a recession in the United States, which would likely decrease interest rates. In addition, in a prolonged low interest rate environment, including a reduction of base rates, such as LIBOR, SONIA or SOFR, to zero, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may be compressed, reducing our net interest income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain of the loans held in our portfolio had floating LIBOR, SONIA or SOFR interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 86.66 of investments at fair value (excluding investments on non-accrual, unfunded debt investments and non-interest bearing equity investments) represent floating-rate investments with a LIBOR, SONIA or SOFR floor (includes investments bearing prime interest rate contracts) and approximately 13.34 of investments at fair value represent fixed-rate investments. Additionally, our senior secured revolving credit facilities are also subject to floating interest rates and are currently paid based on floating LIBOR, SONIA or SOFR rates. 
 The following table estimates the potential changes in net cash flow generated from interest income and expenses, should interest rates increase by 100, 200 or 300 basis points, or decrease by 25 basis points. Interest income is calculated as revenue from interest generated from our portfolio of investments held on December 31, 2022. Interest expense is calculated based on the terms of our outstanding revolving credit facilities, convertible notes and unsecured notes. For our floating rate credit facilities, we use the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022. Interest expense on our floating rate credit facilities is calculated using the interest rate as of December 31, 2022, adjusted for the hypothetical changes in rates, as shown below. The base interest rate case assumes the rates on our portfolio investments remain unchanged from the actual effective interest rates as of December 31, 2022. These hypothetical calculations are based on a model of the investments in our portfolio, held as of December 31, 2022, and are only adjusted for assumed changes in the underlying base interest rates. 
 Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the table. Change in Interest Rates Estimated Percentage Change in Interest Income Net of Interest Expense (unaudited) 25 Basis Points (2.08) Base Interest Rate +100 Basis Points 8.34 +200 Basis Points 16.68 +300 Basis Points 25.02 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 2 021 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 99 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 20 2 2 
 100 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 20 21 
 127 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 151 

93 

Table of Contents 

30 Rockefeller Plaza 
 
 USA 
 
 Tel: 212 492 4000 
 Fax: 212 489 1687 
 www.deloitte.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of New Mountain Finance Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company"), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, the consolidated financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, and the related notes. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Fair Value Investments Refer to Footnotes 2, 3, and 4 in the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company invests in debt securities, including first and second lien debt, notes, bonds, mezzanine securities, and equity interests. The Company s determination of fair value for these investments involves subjective judgments and estimates utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. These approaches require management to make judgments and estimates related to 
 94 

Table of Contents 

significant unobservable inputs including the selection of EBITDA or revenue multiples based on multiples of publicly traded comparable companies and comparable transactions, and the discount rate established utilizing a combination of a yield calibration approach, which incorporates changes in the credit quality (as measured by relevant statistics) of the investment, as compared to changes in the yield associated with comparable credit quality market indices, between the date of origination and the valuation date, and a comparable investment approach, which utilizes an average yield-to maturity of a selected set of high-quality, liquid investments to determine a comparable investment discount rate. 
 
 We identified the valuation of investments as a critical audit matter given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of certain debt and equity positions. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort, including the need to involve fair value specialists who possess significant valuation experience and modeling expertise, to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation methodologies and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of investments included the following, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the valuation of investments, including those over the selection of valuation methodologies and development of unobservable inputs. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness and consistency of application of the Company's valuation polices over investments, including those surrounding the selection of valuation methodologies and the derivation of valuation inputs. 
 With the assistance of our internal fair value specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of the significant unobservable inputs. 
 With the assistance of our internal fair value specialists, in certain instances, we developed independent fair value estimates and compared our estimates to the Company's estimates. 
 We evaluated the impact of current market events and conditions on the selected valuation methodologies and significant unobservable inputs. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008. 

95 

Table of Contents 

New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investments at fair value Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (cost of and , respectively) 
 Non-controlled/affiliated investments (cost of and , respectively) 
 Controlled investments (cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 
 Securities purchased under collateralized agreements to resell (cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest and dividend receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities Borrowings Holdings Credit Facility Unsecured Notes Convertible Notes SBA-guaranteed debentures DB Credit Facility NMFC Credit Facility NMNLC Credit Facility II Deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) 
 ) ) Net borrowings Management fee payable Incentive fee payable Interest payable Payable for unsettled securities purchased Payable to affiliates Deferred tax liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 9) Net assets Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Paid in capital in excess of par Accumulated undistributed earnings Total net assets of New Mountain Finance Corporation Non-controlling interest in New Mountain Net Lease Corporation Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets Number of shares outstanding Net asset value per share of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: Interest income (excluding Payment-in-kind ("PIK") interest income) PIK interest income Dividend income Non-cash dividend income Other income From non-controlled/affiliated investments: Interest income (excluding PIK interest income) PIK interest income ) Dividend income Non-cash dividend income ) Other income From controlled investments: Interest income (excluding PIK interest income) PIK interest income Dividend income Non-cash dividend income Other income Total investment income Expenses Interest and other financing expenses Management fee Incentive fee Professional fees Administrative expenses Other general and administrative expenses Total expenses Less: management and incentive fees waived (see Note 5) ) ) ) Less: expenses waived and reimbursed (see Note 5) ) ) ) Net expenses Net investment income before income taxes Income tax expense Net investment income Net realized gains (losses): Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) ) ) Non-controlled/affiliated investments ) Controlled investments ) New Mountain Net Lease Corporation Foreign currency Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation: Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments ) ) ) Non-controlled/affiliated investments ) ) Controlled investments ) Securities purchased under collateralized agreements to resell ) Foreign currency ) ) New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ) (Provision) benefit for taxes ) ) Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Less: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations related to non-controlling interest in New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations related to New Mountain Finance Corporation Basic earnings per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic (See Note 12) Diluted earnings per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted (See Note 12) Distributions declared and paid per share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income Net realized gains (losses) on investments, New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ("NMNLC") and foreign currency ) ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments, NMNLC and foreign currency ) ) Net change in unrealized depreciation of securities purchased under collateralized agreements to resell ) (Provision) benefit for taxes ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Less: Net decrease (increase) in net assets resulting from operations related to non-controlling interests in NMNLC ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations related to New Mountain Finance Corporation Capital transactions Net proceeds from shares sold Offering costs ) ) Distributions declared to stockholders from net investment income ) ) ) Reinvestment of distributions Total net decrease in net assets resulting from capital transactions ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in net assets ) ) New Mountain Finance Corporation net assets at the beginning of the period New Mountain Finance Corporation net assets at the end of the period Non-controlling interest in NMNLC Net assets at the end of the period Capital share activity Shares sold Shares issued from the reinvestment of distributions Net increase in shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net (increase) decrease in net assets resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Net realized (gains) losses on investments and New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ("NMNLC") ) Net realized gains on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies ) ) Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments and NMNLC ) Net change in unrealized depreciation on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies Net change in unrealized depreciation of securities purchased under collateralized agreements to resell Amortization of purchase discount ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of premium on Convertible Notes ) ) ) Non-cash investment income ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in operating assets: Proceeds from sale of non-controlling interest in NMNLC Purchase of investments and delayed draw facilities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments Cash received for purchase of undrawn portion of revolving credit or delayed draw facilities Cash paid for purchase of drawn portion of revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Cash paid for drawn revolvers ) ) ) Cash repayments on drawn revolvers Interest and dividend receivable ) ) Receivable from affiliates Deferred tax asset ) Receivable from unsettled securities sold ) Other assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in operating liabilities: Interest payable ) Management fee payable ) Incentive fee payable ) ) Payable for unsettled securities purchased ) ) Deferred tax benefit (liability) ) Payable to affiliates ) ) Other liabilities Contributions related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Net proceeds from shares sold Distributions paid ) ) ) Offering costs paid ) ) ) Proceeds from Holdings Credit Facility Repayment of Holdings Credit Facility ) ) ) Proceeds from Unsecured Notes Repayment from Unsecured Notes ) ) Proceeds from Convertible Notes Repayment of Convertible Notes ) Proceeds from SBA-guaranteed debentures Proceeds from NMFC Credit Facility Repayment of NMFC Credit Facility ) ) ) Proceeds from DB Credit Facility Repayment of DB Credit Facility ) ) ) Proceeds from NMNLC Credit Facility II Repayment from NMNLC Credit Facility II ) ) Contributions related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC Distributions related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC ) ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash operating activities: Non-cash activity on investments Non-cash financing activities: Value of shares issued in connection with reinvestment of distributions Accrual for offering costs Accrual for deferred financing costs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Funded Debt Investments - United States GS Acquisitionco, Inc. Software First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 08/2019 05/2026 First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 08/2019 05/2026 PhyNet Dermatology LLC Healthcare First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 09/2018 08/2024 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 09/2018 08/2024 Associations, Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2027 First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2027 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2027 First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2027 First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2027 Paw Midco, Inc. AAH Topco, LLC Consumer Services First lien (8)(15) L(M) 12/2021 12/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 12/2021 12/2027 First lien (4)(15) L(M) 01/2022 12/2027 First lien (4)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 12/2021 12/2027 Subordinated (3)(15) FIXED(Q) /PIK 
 12/2021 12/2031 Subordinated (4)(15) FIXED(Q) /PIK 
 01/2022 12/2031 GC Waves Holdings, Inc. Financial Services First lien (5)(15) L(M) 08/2021 08/2026 First lien (2)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 04/2022 08/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 08/2021 08/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 08/2021 08/2026 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 10/2019 08/2026 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Knockout Intermediate Holdings I Inc. (41) Kaseya Inc. Software First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 06/2022 06/2029 iCIMS, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 08/2022 08/2028 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 10/2022 08/2028 CentralSquare Technologies, LLC Software Second lien (3) L(Q) 08/2018 08/2026 Second lien (8) L(Q) 08/2018 08/2026 IG Intermediateco LLC Infogain Corporation Business Services First lien (2)(15) SOFR(M) 07/2021 07/2028 First lien (8)(15) SOFR(M) 07/2022 07/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(M) 07/2021 07/2026 Subordinated (3)(15) SOFR(Q) 07/2022 07/2029 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software Second lien (5)(15) SOFR(M) 04/2018 04/2026 Second lien (2)(15) SOFR(M) 04/2018 04/2026 Second lien (8)(15) SOFR(M) 04/2018 04/2026 Deca Dental Holdings LLC Healthcare First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 08/2021 08/2027 Recorded Future, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) L(Q) 08/2019 07/2025 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 03/2021 07/2025 Auctane Inc. (fka Stamps.com Inc.) Software First lien (8)(15) L(M) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 10/2021 10/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Avalara, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) 10/2022 10/2028 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 10/2022 10/2028 OEC Holdco, LLC (22) OEConnection LLC Software Second lien (2)(15) SOFR(M) 12/2021 09/2027 Second lien (2)(15) SOFR(M) 09/2019 09/2027 Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. (35) Diligent Corporation Software First lien (2)(15) L(M) 03/2021 08/2025 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 03/2021 08/2025 First lien (3)(15) L(M) 12/2018 08/2025 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 03/2021 08/2025 IG Investments Holdings, LLC Business Services First lien (2)(15) L(M) 09/2021 09/2028 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 02/2022 09/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 09/2021 09/2027 Foreside Financial Group, LLC Business Services First lien (2)(15) L(M) 05/2022 09/2027 First lien (3)(15) L(M) 05/2022 09/2027 MRI Software LLC Software First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 01/2020 02/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 03/2021 02/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 01/2020 02/2026 First lien (3)(15) L(Q) 03/2021 02/2026 First lien (3)(15) L(Q) 01/2020 02/2026 Anaplan, Inc. Software First lien (2)(15) SOFR(M) 06/2022 06/2029 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Granicus, Inc. Software First lien (4)(15) L(M) + /PIK 
 01/2021 01/2027 First lien (8)(15) L(M) + /PIK 
 01/2021 01/2027 First lien (2)(15) L(M) + /PIK 
 01/2021 01/2027 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 04/2021 01/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 01/2021 01/2027 EAB Global, Inc. Education Second lien (2)(15) L(Q) 08/2021 08/2029 DCA Investment Holding, LLC Healthcare First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 03/2021 04/2028 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 02/2022 04/2028 First lien (3)(15) SOFR(S) 03/2021 04/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(S) 03/2021 04/2028 KAMC Holdings, Inc. Business Services Second lien (2)(15) L(Q) 08/2019 08/2027 Second lien (8)(15) L(Q) 08/2019 08/2027 OA Topco, L.P. (40) OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare First lien (2)(15) L(M) 12/2021 12/2028 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 05/2022 12/2028 TigerConnect, Inc. Healthcare First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 02/2022 02/2028 First lien (2)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 02/2022 02/2028 Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC Financial Services First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 08/2021 10/2027 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 01/2022 10/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(S) 05/2022 10/2027 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 01/2022 10/2027 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Fortis Solutions Group, LLC Packaging First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (8)(15) L(Q) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (3)(15) L(Q) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(S) 10/2021 10/2027 Foundational Education Group, Inc. Education Second lien (5)(15) SOFR(Q) 08/2021 08/2029 Second lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 08/2021 08/2029 Syndigo LLC Software Second lien (4)(15) L(S) 12/2020 12/2028 Second lien (2)(15) L(S) 02/2022 12/2028 AmeriVet Partners Management, Inc. Consumer Services First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 02/2022 02/2028 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 02/2022 02/2028 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First lien (8)(15) L(Q) 03/2021 03/2028 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 03/2021 03/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 03/2021 03/2028 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services Second lien (2)(15) L(M) 07/2021 07/2026 Second lien (4)(15) L(M) 08/2018 07/2026 HS Purchaser, LLC / Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software Second lien (5)(15) SOFR(Q) 11/2019 11/2027 Second lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) 11/2019 11/2027 DOCS, MSO, LLC Healthcare First lien (8)(15) SOFR(S) 06/2022 06/2028 First lien (4)(15) SOFR(S) 06/2022 06/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets CRCI Longhorn Holdings, Inc. Business Services Second lien (3)(15) L(M) 08/2018 08/2026 Second lien (8)(15) L(M) 08/2018 08/2026 ACI Parent Inc. (36) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First lien (2)(15) L(M) + /PIK 
 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) + /PIK 
 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 08/2021 08/2027 Idera, Inc. Software Second lien (4)(15) L(Q) 06/2019 03/2029 Second lien (3)(15) L(Q) 04/2021 03/2029 Bullhorn, Inc. Software First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 09/2019 09/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 10/2021 09/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 09/2019 09/2026 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 09/2019 09/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 09/2019 09/2026 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 09/2019 09/2026 Convey Health Solutions, Inc. Healthcare First lien (4)(15) SOFR(Q) 09/2019 09/2026 First lien (4)(15) SOFR(Q) 02/2022 09/2026 Spring Education Group, Inc (fka SSH Group Holdings, Inc.) Education Second lien (2)(15) L(Q) 07/2018 07/2026 TMK Hawk Parent, Corp. Distribution Logistics First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 06/2019 08/2024 First lien (8)(15) L(Q) 10/2019 08/2024 Cardinal Parent, Inc. Software First lien (4)(15) L(Q) 10/2020 11/2027 Second lien (4)(15) L(Q) 11/2020 11/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Notorious Topco, LLC Consumer Products First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) 11/2021 11/2027 First lien (8)(15) SOFR(Q) 05/2022 11/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(Q) 11/2021 11/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(Q) 11/2021 05/2027 YLG Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (5)(15) L(S) 11/2019 10/2025 First lien (5)(15) L(S) 11/2019 10/2025 First lien (5)(15)(18) - Drawn L(S) 10/2021 10/2025 AAC Lender Holdings, LLC (33) American Achievement Corporation (aka AAC Holding Corp.) Education First lien (2)(15) L(M)(42) /PIK + 
 09/2015 09/2026 First lien (3)(15) L(M)(42) /PIK + 
 06/2021 09/2026 Subordinated (3)(15) L(Q)(42) /PIK 
 03/2021 09/2026 New Trojan Parent, Inc. Healthcare Second lien (2)(15) L(M) 01/2021 01/2029 Xactly Corporation Software First lien (4)(15) L(Q) 07/2017 07/2023 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 07/2017 07/2023 Ansira Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (8)(15) L(Q)(42) /PIK 
 12/2016 12/2024 First lien (3)(15) L(Q)(42) /PIK 
 12/2016 12/2024 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 11/2022 12/2024 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(S) 09/2019 09/2024 Second lien (8)(15) L(Q) 09/2019 09/2027 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation Business Services First lien (2)(15) L(S) 06/2021 06/2027 First lien (2)(15)(18) - Drawn L(S) 06/2021 06/2027 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. Business Services Second lien (3) SOFR(M) 03/2021 03/2029 FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC (38) FS WhiteWater Borrower, LLC Consumer Services First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 12/2021 12/2027 First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 12/2021 12/2027 First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 12/2021 12/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 12/2021 12/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 07/2022 12/2027 Pioneer Topco I, L.P. (39) Pioneer Buyer I, LLC Software First lien (8)(15) L(Q) /PIK 
 11/2021 11/2028 First lien (8)(15) L(Q) /PIK 
 03/2022 11/2028 Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 03/2020 02/2026 First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 10/2020 08/2026 The Kleinfelder Group, Inc. Business Services First lien (4)(15) L(Q) 12/2018 11/2024 Kele Holdco, Inc. Distribution Logistics First lien (5)(15) L(M) 02/2020 02/2026 MED Parentco, LP Healthcare Second lien (8) L(M) 08/2019 08/2027 Daxko Acquisition Corporation Software First lien (8)(15) L(M) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (2)(15) L(M) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn P(Q) 10/2021 10/2027 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets CFS Management, LLC Healthcare First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 08/2019 07/2024 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) + /PIK 
 08/2019 07/2024 Castle Management Borrower LLC Business Services First lien (8)(15) L(Q) 05/2018 02/2025 Alegeus Technologies Holdings Corp. Healthcare First lien (8)(15) L(A) 09/2018 09/2024 Calabrio, Inc. Software First lien (5)(15) L(Q) 04/2021 04/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 04/2021 04/2027 IMO Investor Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) 05/2022 05/2029 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(S) 05/2022 05/2028 FR Arsenal Holdings II Corp. Business Services First lien (2)(15) L(M) + /PIK 
 09/2016 01/2023 Apptio, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) L(Q) 01/2019 01/2025 First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 01/2019 01/2025 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 01/2019 01/2025 Transcendia Holdings, Inc. Packaging Second lien (8)(15) L(M) 06/2017 05/2025 USRP Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 07/2021 07/2027 First lien (3)(15) L(Q) 07/2021 07/2027 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services Second lien (4)(15) L(Q) 04/2018 04/2026 Second lien (3)(15) L(Q) 04/2018 04/2026 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Specialtycare, Inc. Healthcare First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 06/2021 06/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 06/2021 06/2026 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 06/2021 06/2028 Quartz Holding Company Software Second lien (3)(15) L(M) 04/2019 04/2027 CG Group Holdings, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (2)(15) L(Q) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) + /PIK 
 07/2021 07/2026 PPVA Black Elk (Equity) LLC Business Services Subordinated (3)(15) 05/2013 KPSKY Acquisition Inc. Business Services First lien (8)(15) L(M) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (2)(15) P(Q) 10/2021 10/2028 First lien (2)(15)(18) - Drawn P(Q) 06/2022 10/2028 TRC Companies L.L.C. (fka Energize Holdco LLC) Business Services Second lien (2)(15) L(M) 11/2021 12/2029 DS Admiral Bidco, LLC Software First lien (2) SOFR(M) 12/2022 12/2029 Vectra Co. Business Products Second lien (8)(15) L(M) 02/2018 03/2026 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Software First lien (2)(15) SOFR(M) 02/2022 02/2028 Safety Borrower Holdings LLC Software First lien (2)(15) L(S) 09/2021 09/2027 Sun Acquirer Corp. Consumer Services First lien (2)(15) L(M) 09/2021 09/2028 First lien (2)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) 09/2021 09/2028 PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Consumer Services First lien (4)(15) SOFR(M) 08/2022 08/2029 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn SOFR(Q) 08/2022 08/2029 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. (23) Appriss Health, LLC Healthcare First lien (8)(15) L(M) 05/2021 05/2027 Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC Business Services First lien (2)(15) L(Q) 11/2021 11/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(Q) 11/2021 11/2024 ADG, LLC Healthcare Second lien (3)(15) L(M) /PIK 
 10/2016 03/2024 Virtusa Corporation Software Subordinated (3) FIXED(S) 10/2022 12/2028 Education Management Corporation (20) Education Management II LLC Education First lien (2) P(M)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (3) P(M)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (2) P(Q)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (3) P(Q)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (2) P(Q)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (3) P(Q)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (2) P(Q)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 First lien (3) P(Q)(42) 01/2015 07/2020 PPVA Fund, L.P. Business Services Collateralized Financing (42)(43) 11/2014 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States Funded Debt Investments - Netherlands Tahoe Finco, LLC Information Technology First lien (2)(15) L(M) 10/2021 09/2028 First lien (8)(15) L(M) 10/2021 09/2028 Total Funded Debt Investments - Netherlands Funded Debt Investments - United Kingdom Aston FinCo S.a r.l. / Aston US Finco, LLC Software Second lien (8)(15) L(M) 10/2019 10/2027 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Integro Parent Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) SOFR(Q) /PIK 
 10/2015 05/2023 First lien (3)(15) SOFR(Q) /PIK 
 06/2018 05/2023 Second lien (3)(15) SOFR(Q)(42) /PIK 
 10/2015 10/2023 Total Funded Debt Investments - United Kingdom Funded Debt Investments - Jersey Tennessee Bidco Limited Business Services First lien (3)(15)(16) SONIA(D) 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15)(16) SONIA(D) 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15) L(S) 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15) L(S) 08/2021 08/2028 First lien (3)(15)(16) EURIBOR(S) 08/2021 08/2028 Total Funded Debt Investments - Jersey Funded Debt Investments - Australia Atlas AU Bidco Pty Ltd Business Services First lien (2) SOFR(M) 12/2022 12/2029 Total Funded Debt Investments - Australia Total Funded Debt Investments Equity - United States Dealer Tire Holdings, LLC (30) Distribution Logistics Preferred shares (3)(15) 09/2021 Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (31) Healthcare Preferred shares (4)(15) 11/2018 Preferred shares (3)(15) 11/2018 Knockout Intermediate Holdings I Inc. (41) Software Preferred shares (3)(15) 06/2022 ACI Parent Inc. (36) Healthcare Preferred shares (3)(15) 08/2021 Project Essential Super Parent, Inc. (34) Software Preferred shares (3)(15) 04/2021 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. (35) Diligent Preferred Issuer, Inc. Software Preferred shares (3)(15) 04/2021 OEC Holdco, LLC (22) Software Preferred shares (12)(15) 12/2021 HB Wealth Management, LLC (37) Financial Services Preferred shares (11)(15) 09/2021 FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC (38) Consumer Services Ordinary shares (5)(15) 12/2021 Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. (23) Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Preferred shares (3)(15) 05/2021 OA Topco, L.P. (40) Healthcare Ordinary shares (3)(15) 12/2021 Pioneer Topco I, L.P. (39) Software Ordinary shares (13)(15) 11/2021 Ancora Acquisition LLC Education Preferred shares (9)(15) 08/2013 Education Management Corporation (20) Education Preferred shares (2) 01/2015 Preferred shares (3) 01/2015 Ordinary shares (2) 01/2015 Ordinary shares (3) 01/2015 AAC Lender Holdings, LLC (33) Education Ordinary shares (3)(15) 03/2021 Total Shares - United States Equity - Hong Kong Bach Special Limited (Bach Preference Limited) Education Preferred shares (3)(15)(29) 09/2017 Total Shares - Hong Kong Total Shares Total Funded Investments 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Unfunded Debt Investments - United States Ansira Holdings, Inc Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/2022 11/2024 AAC Lender Holdings, LLC (33) American Achievement Corporation (aka AAC Holding Corp.) Education First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 01/2021 09/2026 Bullhorn, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 09/2019 09/2026 ) Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. (23) Appriss Health, LLC Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 05/2021 05/2027 ) Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 03/2020 02/2025 ) Calabrio, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 04/2021 04/2027 ) Kele Holdco, Inc. Distribution Logistics First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2020 02/2026 ) Granicus, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 01/2021 01/2027 ) Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. (35) Diligent Corporation Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 03/2021 08/2025 ) Apptio, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 01/2019 01/2025 ) Associations, Inc. Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 07/2021 07/2027 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Safety Borrower Holdings LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 09/2021 09/2027 ) ) ) Bluefin Holding, LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 09/2019 09/2024 ) ) ) Sun Acquirer Corp. Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 09/2021 09/2027 ) ) First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 09/2021 09/2023 ) ) ) ) ) Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/2021 11/2024 ) ) ) IG Investments Holdings, LLC Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 09/2021 09/2027 ) ) ) Notorious Topco, LLC Consumer Products First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/2021 11/2023 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/2021 05/2027 ) ) ) ) ) PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2022 08/2029 ) ) First lien (4)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2022 08/2024 ) ) ) ) CG Group Holdings, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 07/2021 07/2026 ) ) ) Recorded Future, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2019 07/2025 ) ) ) USRP Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 07/2021 07/2027 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets OA Topco, L.P. (40) OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/2021 12/2028 ) ) ) Avalara, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2022 10/2028 ) ) ) Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2021 06/2027 ) ) First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2021 06/2023 ) ) ) ) Pioneer Topco I, L.P. (39) Pioneer Buyer I, LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/2021 11/2027 ) ) ) iCIMS, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2022 08/2024 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2022 08/2028 ) ) ) ) ) Daxko Acquisition Corporation Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2021 10/2023 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2021 10/2027 ) ) ) ) ) Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 02/2028 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 02/2024 ) ) ) ) IMO Investor Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 05/2022 05/2028 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 05/2022 05/2024 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets KPSKY Acquisition Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2024 ) ) GC Waves Holdings, Inc. Financial Services First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 04/2022 04/2024 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2019 08/2026 ) ) ) ) ) Specialtycare, Inc. Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2021 06/2026 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2021 06/2023 ) ) ) ) Infogain Corporation Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 07/2021 07/2026 ) ) ) GS Acquisitionco, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2019 05/2026 ) ) ) NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 03/2021 03/2023 ) ) Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC Financial Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2021 10/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 05/2022 05/2024 ) ) ) ) ) DCA Investment Holding, LLC Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 03/2021 03/2023 ) First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 12/2022 12/2024 ) ) ) Foreside Financial Group, LLC Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 05/2022 09/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 05/2022 05/2024 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC (38) FS WhiteWater Borrower, LLC Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/2021 12/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 07/2022 12/2024 ) ) ) ) ) Knockout Intermediate Holdings I Inc. (41) Kaseya Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2024 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2029 ) ) ) ) ) TigerConnect, Inc. Healthcare First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 02/2023 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 02/2028 ) ) ) ) ) MRI Software LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 01/2020 02/2026 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 08/2023 ) ) ) ) YLG Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (5)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2021 10/2023 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/2019 10/2025 ) ) ) ) ) Fortis Solutions Group, LLC Packaging First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2021 10/2023 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2021 10/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2024 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets ACI Parent Inc. (36) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2021 08/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2021 08/2023 ) ) ) ) Paw Midco, Inc. AAH Topco, LLC Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/2021 12/2027 ) ) First lien (4)(15)(18) - Undrawn 01/2022 12/2023 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/2021 12/2023 ) ) ) ) ) AmeriVet Partners Management, Inc. Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 02/2028 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 02/2022 02/2024 ) ) ) ) DOCS, MSO, LLC Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2028 ) First lien (4)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2024 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 06/2022 06/2024 ) ) ) Deca Dental Holdings LLC Healthcare First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2021 08/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 08/2021 08/2023 ) ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - United States ) ) ) Unfunded Debt Investments - Netherlands Tahoe Finco, LLC Information Technology First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2021 10/2027 ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - Netherlands ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Unfunded Debt Investments - Australia Atlas AU Bidco Pty Ltd Business Services First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 12/2022 12/2028 ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - Australia ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments ) ) ) Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments (44) Funded Debt Investments - United States TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC (24) Edmentum Ultimate Holdings, LLC Education Subordinated (3)(15) FIXED(Q) + /PIK 
 12/2020 01/2027 Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation Energy Second lien (3)(15) FIXED(Q)(42) /PIK 
 09/2019 09/2023 Permian Holdco 3, Inc. Permian Trust Energy First lien (10)(15) FIXED(Q)(42) /PIK 
 03/2021 First lien (3)(15) L(M)(42) /PIK 
 07/2020 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States Equity - United States TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC Education Ordinary shares (3)(15) 12/2020 Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation Energy Ordinary shares (2)(15) 07/2017 Ordinary shares (3)(15) 07/2017 Total Shares - United States Total Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Controlled Investments (45) Funded Debt Investments - United States New Benevis Topco, LLC (32) New Benevis Holdco, Inc. Healthcare First lien (2)(15) L(Q) + /PIK 
 10/2020 04/2025 First lien (8)(15) L(Q) + /PIK 
 10/2020 04/2025 First lien (3)(15) L(Q) + /PIK 
 10/2020 04/2025 Subordinated (3)(15) FIXED(M) /PIK 
 10/2020 10/2025 UniTek Global Services, Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) + /PIK 
 06/2018 08/2024 First lien (2)(15) SOFR(S) + /PIK 
 06/2018 08/2024 Second lien (3)(15) FIXED(Q) /PIK 
 12/2020 02/2025 Second lien (3)(15) FIXED(Q) /PIK 
 07/2022 02/2025 New Permian Holdco, Inc. New Permian Holdco, L.L.C. Energy First lien (3)(15) FIXED(M) /PIK 
 10/2020 12/2024 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn L(M) /PIK 
 10/2020 12/2024 NHME Holdings Corp. (28) National HME, Inc. Healthcare Second lien (3)(15) FIXED(Q)(42) /PIK 
 11/2018 05/2024 Second lien (3)(15) FIXED(Q)(42) /PIK 
 11/2018 05/2024 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States Equity - United States NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC Investment Fund Membership interest (3)(15) 05/2018 NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC Investment Fund Membership interest (3)(15) 05/2021 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets NM NL Holdings, L.P. Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 06/2018 New Benevis Topco, LLC (32) Healthcare Ordinary shares (2)(15) 10/2020 Ordinary shares (8)(15) 10/2020 Ordinary shares (3)(15) 10/2020 QID TRH Holdings LLC (21) Haven Midstream Holdings LLC(21) Specialty Chemicals Materials Ordinary shares (14)(15) 10/2021 Profit Interest (6)(15) 10/2021 New Permian Holdco, Inc. Energy Ordinary shares (3)(15) 10/2020 UniTek Global Services, Inc. Business Services Preferred shares (3)(15)(27) 08/2018 Preferred shares (3)(15)(27) 08/2019 Preferred shares (3)(15)(26)(42) 06/2017 Preferred shares (2)(15)(25)(42) 01/2015 Preferred shares (3)(15)(25)(42) 01/2015 Ordinary shares (2)(15) 01/2015 Ordinary shares (3)(15) 01/2015 NM CLFX LP Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 10/2017 NM YI, LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 09/2019 NM GP Holdco, LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 06/2018 NHME Holdings Corp.(28) Healthcare Ordinary shares (3)(15) 11/2018 NM GLCR LP Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 02/2018 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference Spread Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets NM APP US LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 09/2016 NM DRVT LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 11/2016 NM JRA LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 08/2016 NM KRLN LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 11/2016 Total Shares - United States Equity - Canada NM APP Canada Corp. Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 09/2016 Total Shares - Canada Total Shares Warrants - United States UniTek Global Services, Inc. Business Services Warrants (3)(15) 12/2020 02/2025 NHME Holdings Corp. (28) Healthcare Warrants (3)(15) 11/2018 Total Warrants - United States Total Funded Investments Unfunded Debt Investments - United States New Permian Holdco, Inc. New Permian Holdco, L.L.C. Energy First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/2020 12/2024 Haven Midstream Holdings LLC (21) Haven Midstream LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/2021 10/2026 Total Unfunded Debt Investments - United States Total Controlled Investments Total Investments 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

(4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) and , respectively. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for details. 
 (17) 
 (18) 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) of the Class B profits interest in QID NGL, LLC (which at closing represented of the ownership in the class B units in QID TRH Holdings, LLC), class A common units of Haven Midstream Holdings LLC., and holds a first lien revolver in Haven Midstream Holdings LLC. 
 (22) second lien term loans in OEConnection LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of OEC Holdco, LLC. The preferred equity is entitled to receive prefenential dividends of per annum. 
 (23) wholly-owned subsidiaries of Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. The company holds a first lien term loan and a first lien revolver in Appriss Health, LLC, and preferred equity in Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. The preferred equity is entitled to receive preferential dividends at a rate of per annum. 
 (24) The Company holds ordinary shares in TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC, and subordinated notes in Edmentum Ultimate Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC. The ordinary shares are entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends at a rate of per annum. 
 (25) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (26) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (27) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (28) 
 (29) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (30) per annum. 
 (31) per annum. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

(32) 
 (33) 
 (34) per annum. 
 (35) wholly-owned subsidiary of Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. The Company holds first lien term loans and a first lien revolver in Diligent Corporation and preferred equity in Diligent Preferred Issuer Inc. The preferred equity in Diligent Preferred Issuer Inc. is entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends at a rate per annum. 
 (36) per annum. 
 (37) per annum. 
 (38) first lien delayed draws in FS WhiteWater Borrwer, LLC, a partially-owned subsidiary of FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC. 
 (39) 
 (40) 
 (41) per annum. 
 (42) 
 (43) security purchased under a collateralized agreement to resell on its Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities with a cost basis of and a fair value of as of December 31, 2022. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for details. 
 (44) 
 Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC / Edmentum Ultimate Holdings, LLC ) Total Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments ) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

(45) 
 National HME, Inc./NHME Holdings Corp. ) ) ) ) New Benevis Topco, LLC / New Benevis Holdco, Inc. ) New Permian Holdco, Inc. / New Permian Holdco, L.L.C. NM APP CANADA CORP ) ) NM APP US LLC ) ) NM CLFX LP ) NM DRVT LLC ) ) NM JRA LLC ) ) NM GLCR LP ) ) NM KRLN LLC ) ) NM NL Holdings, L.P. ) ) NM GP Holdco, LLC ) ) NM YI LLC NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC Haven Midstream LLC / Haven Midstream Holdings LLC / QID TRH Holdings LLC ) UniTek Global Services, Inc. ) Total Controlled Investments ) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 
 of the Company s total assets are represented by investments at fair value that are considered non-qualifying assets. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 Investment Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value First lien Second lien Subordinated Equity and other Total investments 
 
 December 31, 2022 Industry Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Software Business Services Healthcare Investment Funds (includes investments in joint ventures) Education Consumer Services Net Lease Distribution Logistics Financial Services Energy Specialty Chemicals Materials Information Technology Packaging Consumer Products Business Products Total investments 
 December 31, 2022 Interest Rate Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Floating rates Fixed rates Total investments 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

 Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Funded Debt Investments - United States GS Acquisitionco, Inc. Software First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 8/7/2019 5/22/2026 First lien (5)(15) (L + /S) 
 8/7/2019 5/22/2026 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 8/7/2019 5/22/2026 PhyNet Dermatology LLC Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 9/17/2018 8/16/2024 First lien (3)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 9/17/2018 8/16/2024 Associations, Inc. Consumer Services First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 First lien (3)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 First lien (8)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 First lien (8)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 First lien (8)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 iCIMS, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) (L + /S) 
 9/12/2018 9/12/2024 First lien (8)(15) (L + /S) 
 6/14/2019 9/12/2024 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /S) 
 9/12/2018 9/12/2024 Frontline Technologies Group Holdings, LLC Software First lien (4)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/18/2017 9/18/2023 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/18/2017 9/18/2023 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/18/2017 9/18/2023 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 6/15/2021 9/18/2023 CentralSquare Technologies, LLC Software Second lien (3) (L + /Q) 
 8/15/2018 8/31/2026 Second lien (8) (L + /Q) 
 8/15/2018 8/31/2026 Integro Parent Inc. Insurance Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 10/9/2015 10/31/2022 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /S) 
 6/8/2018 4/30/2022 Second lien (8)(15) (L + /S) 
 10/9/2015 10/30/2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets NM GRC Holdco, LLC Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/M) 
 2/9/2018 2/9/2024 First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/M) 
 2/9/2018 2/9/2024 Affinity Dental Management, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 9/15/2017 9/15/2023 First lien (4)(15) (L + /S) 
 9/17/2019 9/15/2023 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /S) 
 9/15/2017 3/15/2023 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software Second lien (5) (L + /M) 
 4/17/2018 4/17/2026 Second lien (2) (L + /M) 
 4/17/2018 4/17/2026 Second lien (8) (L + /M) 
 4/17/2018 4/17/2026 Deca Dental Holdings LLC Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 8/26/2021 8/28/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 8/26/2021 8/28/2028 Kaseya Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 5/9/2019 5/2/2025 First lien (8)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 9/8/2021 5/2/2025 First lien (3)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 5/9/2019 5/2/2025 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + + PIK/Q) 
 9/8/2021 5/2/2025 GC Waves Holdings, Inc. Financial Services First lien (5)(15) (L + /Q) 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2026 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2026 First lien (2)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2026 Stamps.com Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/5/2021 10/5/2028 OEC Holdco, LLC (22) OEConnection LLC Business Services Second lien (2) (L + /M) 
 12/17/2021 9/25/2027 Second lien (2) (L + /M) 
 9/25/2019 9/25/2027 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. (35) Diligent Corporation Software First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 3/30/2021 8/4/2025 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 3/4/2021 8/4/2025 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 12/19/2018 8/4/2025 EAB Global, Inc. Education Second lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 8/16/2021 8/16/2029 KAMC Holdings, Inc Business Services Second lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 8/14/2019 8/13/2027 Second lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 8/14/2019 8/13/2027 Paw Midco, Inc. AAH Topco, LLC Consumer Services First lien (8) (L + /Q) 
 12/22/2021 12/22/2027 Subordinated (3) PIK/Q 
 12/22/2021 12/22/2031 IG Investments Holdings, LLC Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/22/2021 9/22/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /M) 
 9/22/2021 9/22/2027 Ansira Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (8)(15) (L + PIK/S) 
 12/19/2016 12/20/2024 First lien (3)(15) (L + PIK/S) 
 12/19/2016 12/20/2024 Granicus, Inc. Software First lien (4)(15) (L + /Q) 
 1/27/2021 1/29/2027 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 1/27/2021 1/29/2027 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 1/27/2021 1/29/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 4/23/2021 1/29/2027 MRI Software LLC Software First lien (5)(15) (L + /S) 
 1/31/2020 2/10/2026 First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 1/31/2020 2/10/2026 First lien (3)(15) (L + /S) 
 1/31/2020 2/10/2026 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 3/24/2021 2/10/2026 Keystone Acquisition Corp. Healthcare Services First lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 5/10/2017 5/1/2024 Second lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 5/10/2017 5/1/2025 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets OA Topco, L.P. (40) OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Information Technology First lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 12/20/2021 12/20/2028 Foundational Education Group, Inc. Education Second lien (5) (L + /S) 
 8/19/2021 8/31/2029 Second lien (2) (L + /S) 
 8/19/2021 8/31/2029 TMK Hawk Parent, Corp. Distribution Logistics First lien (2)(15) (L + /M) 
 6/24/2019 8/28/2024 First lien (8)(15) (L + /M) 
 10/23/2019 8/28/2024 New Trojan Parent, Inc. Healthcare Services Second lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 1/22/2021 1/5/2029 HS Purchaser, LLC / Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software Second lien (5) (L + /Q) 
 11/14/2019 11/19/2027 Second lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 11/14/2019 11/19/2027 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services Second lien (2) (L + /M) 
 7/30/2021 7/31/2026 Second lien (4) (L + /M) 
 8/14/2018 7/31/2026 CRCI Longhorn Holdings, Inc. Business Services Second lien (3)(15) (L + /M) 
 8/2/2018 8/10/2026 Second lien (8)(15) (L + /M) 
 8/2/2018 8/10/2026 Galway Borrower LLC Insurance Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/30/2021 9/29/2028 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/30/2021 9/29/2028 Idera, Inc. Software Second lien (4) (L + /S) 
 6/27/2019 3/2/2029 Second lien (3) (L + /S) 
 4/29/2021 3/2/2029 NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (8)(15) (L + /S) 
 3/1/2021 3/1/2028 First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 3/2/2021 3/1/2028 Syndigo LLC Software Second lien (4) (L + /S) 
 12/14/2020 12/15/2028 ACI Parent Inc. (36) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 8/2/2021 8/2/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 8/2/2021 8/2/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Cardinal Parent, Inc. Software First lien (4) (L + /Q) 
 10/30/2020 11/12/2027 Second lien (4)(15) (L + /Q) 
 11/12/2020 11/13/2028 DCA Investment Holding, LLC Healthcare Services First lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 3/12/2021 3/12/2027 First lien (3)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 3/12/2021 3/12/2027 Spring Education Group, Inc (fka SSH Group Holdings, Inc.) Education Second lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 7/26/2018 7/30/2026 MED Parentco, LP Healthcare Services Second lien (8) (L + /M) 
 8/2/2019 8/30/2027 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. Business Services Second lien (3) (L + /M) 
 3/18/2021 3/30/2029 YLG Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (5)(15) (L + /S) 
 11/1/2019 10/31/2025 First lien (5)(15) (L + /S) 
 11/1/2019 10/31/2025 Fortis Solutions Group, LLC Packaging First lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/15/2021 10/13/2028 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/15/2021 10/13/2028 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software Second lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/6/2019 9/3/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 9/6/2019 9/6/2024 Bullhorn, Inc. Software First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/24/2019 9/30/2026 First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/5/2021 9/30/2026 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/24/2019 9/30/2026 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/24/2019 9/30/2026 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/24/2019 9/30/2026 Convey Health Solutions, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (4)(15) (L + /M) 
 9/9/2019 9/4/2026 Xactly Corporation Software First lien (4)(15) L + /S) 
 7/31/2017 7/31/2023 Infogain Corporation Software First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 7/30/2021 7/28/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets AAC Lender Holdings, LLC (33) American Achievement Corporation (aka AAC Holding Corp.) Education First lien (2)(15) (L + PIK + /M) (41) 
 9/30/2015 9/30/2026 First lien (3)(15) (L + PIK + /M) (41) 
 6/10/2021 9/30/2026 Subordinated (3)(15) (L + PIK/Q) (41) 
 3/16/2021 9/30/2026 The Kleinfelder Group, Inc. Business Services First lien (4)(15) (L + /Q) 
 12/18/2018 11/29/2024 Kele Holdco, Inc. Distribution Logistics First lien (5) (L + /M) 
 2/20/2020 2/20/2026 First lien (3)(18) - Drawn (L + /M) 
 2/20/2020 2/20/2026 Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (5)(15) (L + /S) 
 3/13/2020 2/6/2026 First lien (5)(15) (L + /S) 
 10/15/2020 8/6/2026 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 6/30/2021 6/29/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /M) 
 6/30/2021 6/29/2027 Hill International, Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /M) 
 6/21/2017 6/21/2023 CFS Management, LLC Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 8/6/2019 7/1/2024 First lien (3)(15) (L + /S) 
 8/6/2019 7/1/2024 FR Arsenal Holdings II Corp. Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 9/29/2016 9/8/2022 Pioneer Topco I, L.P. (39) Pioneer Buyer I, LLC Software First lien (8)(15) (L + PIK/Q) 
 11/1/2021 11/1/2028 Transcendia Holdings, Inc. Packaging Second lien (8)(15) (L + /M) 
 6/28/2017 5/30/2025 Alegeus Technologies Holding Corp. Healthcare Services First lien (8)(15) (L + /S) 
 9/5/2018 9/5/2024 Daxko Acquisition Corporation Software First lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/15/2021 10/16/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC (38) FS WhiteWater Borrower, LLC Consumer Services First lien (5) (L + /Q) 
 12/20/2021 12/21/2027 First lien (5)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 12/20/2021 12/21/2027 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (f.k.a Ministry Brands, LLC) Software First lien (2)(15) (L + /M) 
 12/7/2016 12/2/2022 Second lien (8)(15) (L + /M) 
 12/7/2016 6/2/2023 Second lien (3)(15) (L + /M) 
 12/7/2016 6/2/2023 USRP Holdings, Inc. Federal Services First lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 7/22/2021 7/23/2027 First lien (3) (L + /Q) 
 7/22/2021 7/23/2027 First lien (3)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 7/22/2021 7/23/2027 Castle Management Borrower LLC Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 5/31/2018 2/15/2025 Calabrio, Inc. Software First lien (5)(15) (L + /Q) 
 4/16/2021 4/16/2027 Apptio, Inc. Software First lien (8)(15) (L + /S) 
 1/10/2019 1/10/2025 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /S) 
 1/10/2019 1/10/2025 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services Second lien (4)(15) (L + /Q) 
 4/3/2018 4/10/2026 Second lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 4/3/2018 4/10/2026 Recorded Future, Inc. Software First lien (8) (L + /Q) 
 8/26/2019 7/3/2025 First lien (8) (L + /Q) 
 3/26/2021 7/3/2025 Vectra Co. Business Products Second lien (8) (L + /M) 
 2/23/2018 3/8/2026 PPVA Black Elk (Equity) LLC Business Services Subordinated (3)(15) 5/3/2013 Notorious Topco, LLC Consumer Products First lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 11/23/2021 11/23/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 11/23/2021 5/24/2027 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Quartz Holding Company Software Second lien (3)(15) (L + /M) 
 4/2/2019 4/2/2027 Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC Financial Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 8/13/2021 10/4/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 8/13/2021 10/4/2027 Geo Parent Corporation Business Services First lien (2) (L + /M) 
 12/13/2018 12/19/2025 AgKnowledge Holdings Company, Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 11/30/2018 7/21/2023 CG Group Holdings, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 7/19/2021 7/19/2027 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /M) 
 7/19/2021 7/19/2026 Energize Holdco LLC Business Services Second lien (2) (L + /Q) 
 11/19/2021 12/7/2029 KPSKY Acquisition Inc. Industrial Services First lien (8)(15) (L + /M) 
 10/19/2021 10/19/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (P + /Q) 
 10/19/2021 10/19/2028 Specialtycare, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 6/18/2021 6/18/2028 Restaurant Technologies, Inc. Business Services Second lien (4) (L + /M) 
 9/24/2018 10/1/2026 Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. (23) Appriss Health, LLC Healthcare Information Technology First lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 5/6/2021 5/6/2027 ADG, LLC Healthcare Services Second lien (3)(15) (L + PIK/Q) 
 10/3/2016 3/28/2024 Safety Borrower Holdings LLC Information Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /S) 
 9/1/2021 9/1/2027 Sun Acquirer Corp. Consumer Services First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 9/8/2021 9/8/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 9/8/2021 9/8/2028 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /Q) 
 11/26/2021 11/26/2027 Education Management Corporation (20) Education Management II LLC Education First lien (2) (L + /M)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (3) (L + /M)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (2) (L + /Q)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (3) (L + /Q)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (2) (P + /M)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (3) (P + /M)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (2) (P + /M)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 First lien (3) (P + /M)(41) 
 1/5/2015 7/2/2020 PPVA Fund, L.P. Business Services Collateralized Financing (41)(42) 11/7/2014 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States Funded Debt Investments - Netherlands Tahoe Finco, LLC Information Technology First lien (2)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/1/2021 9/29/2028 First lien (8)(15) (L + /Q) 
 10/1/2021 9/29/2028 Total Funded Debt Investments - Netherlands Funded Debt Investments - Jersey Tennessee Bidco Limited Business Services First lien (3)(15)(16) (Sonia + /D) 
 8/6/2021 8/3/2028 First lien (3)(15) (L + /S) 
 8/6/2021 8/3/2028 First lien (3)(15)(16)(18) - Drawn (Sonia + /D) 
 8/6/2021 8/3/2028 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + /S) 
 8/6/2021 8/3/2028 Total Funded Debt Investments - Jersey 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Funded Debt Investments - United Kingdom Aston FinCo S.a r.l. / Aston US Finco, LLC Software Second lien (8)(15) (L + /M) 
 10/8/2019 10/8/2027 Total Funded Debt Investments - United Kingdom Funded Debt Investments - United Arab Emirates GEMS Menasa (Cayman) Limited Education First lien (8) (L + /S) 
 7/30/2019 7/31/2026 Total Funded Debt Investments - United Arab Emirates Total Funded Debt Investments Equity - United States Dealer Tire Holdings, LLC (30) Distribution Logistics Preferred shares (3)(15) 9/13/2021 Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (31) Healthcare Information Technology Preferred shares (4)(15) 11/30/2018 Preferred shares (3)(15) 11/30/2018 ACI Parent Inc. (36) Healthcare Services Preferred shares (3)(15) 8/2/2021 Project Essential Super Parent, Inc. (34) Software Preferred shares (3)(15) 4/20/2021 Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. (35) Diligent Preferred Issuer, Inc. Software Preferred shares (3)(15) 4/6/2021 OEC Holdco, LLC (22) Business Services Preferred shares (12) 12/17/2021 FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC (38) Consumer Services Ordinary shares (5) 12/20/2021 HB Wealth Management, LLC (37) Financial Services Preferred shares (11)(15) 9/30/2021 Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. (23) Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Information Technology Preferred shares (3)(15) 5/6/2021 OA Topco, L.P. (40) Healthcare Information Technology Ordinary shares (3) 12/20/2021 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Pioneer Topco I, L.P. (39) Software Ordinary shares (13)(15) 11/1/2021 Ancora Acquisition LLC Education Preferred shares (9)(15) 8/12/2013 Education Management Corporation (20) Education Preferred shares (2) 1/5/2015 Preferred shares (3) 1/5/2015 Ordinary shares (2) 1/5/2015 Ordinary shares (3) 1/5/2015 AAC Lender Holdings, LLC (33) Education Ordinary shares (3)(15) 3/16/2021 Total Shares - United States Equity - Hong Kong Bach Special Limited (Bach Preference Limited) Education Preferred shares (3)(15)(29) 9/1/2017 Total Shares - Hong Kong Total Shares Total Funded Investments Unfunded Debt Investments - United States AAC Lender Holdings, LLC (33) American Achievement Corporation (aka AAC Holding Corp.) Education First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 1/25/2021 9/30/2026 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/6/2019 9/6/2024 Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC Financial Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/13/2021 10/4/2027 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/13/2021 6/3/2022 ) AgKnowledge Holdings Company, Inc. Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/30/2018 7/21/2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (f.k.a Ministry Brands, LLC) Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/7/2016 12/2/2022 ) Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 3/13/2020 2/6/2025 ) Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/26/2021 11/26/2023 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/26/2021 11/26/2024 ) ) Xactly Corporation Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 7/31/2017 7/31/2023 ) MRI Software LLC Software First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 3/24/2021 3/24/2022 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 1/31/2020 2/10/2026 ) ) Bullhorn, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/5/2021 11/8/2022 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/24/2019 9/30/2026 ) ) Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. (35) Diligent Corporation Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 3/30/2021 8/4/2025 ) GS Acquisitionco, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/7/2019 5/22/2026 ) YLG Holdings, Inc. Business Services First lien (5)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/22/2021 10/22/2023 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/1/2019 10/31/2025 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Apptio, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 1/10/2019 1/10/2025 ) GC Waves Holdings, Inc. Financial Services First lien (2)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/13/2021 8/11/2023 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/31/2019 10/31/2025 ) ) Kaseya Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/8/2021 9/8/2023 ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 5/9/2019 5/2/2025 ) ) CG Group Holdings, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 7/19/2021 7/19/2026 ) ) ) Recorded Future, Inc. Software First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 8/26/2019 7/3/2025 ) ) ) KPSKY Acquisition Inc. Industrial Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/19/2021 10/19/2023 ) ) Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. (23) Appriss Health, LLC Healthcare Information Technology First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 5/6/2021 5/6/2027 ) ) ) Kele Holdco, Inc. Distribution Logistics First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 2/20/2020 2/20/2026 ) ) ) USRP Holdings, Inc. Federal Services First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 7/22/2021 7/23/2027 ) ) ) Safety Borrower Holdings LLC Information Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/1/2021 9/1/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/1/2021 9/1/2022 ) ) ) ) Calabrio, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 4/16/2021 4/16/2027 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets DCA Investment Holding, LLC Healthcare Services First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 3/12/2021 3/10/2023 ) ) IG Investments Holdings, LLC Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/22/2021 9/22/2027 ) ) ) Notorious Topco, LLC Consumer Products First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/23/2021 5/24/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/23/2021 11/23/2023 ) ) ) ) Associations, Inc. Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 7/2/2021 7/2/2027 ) ) ) Specialtycare, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 6/18/2021 6/18/2026 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 6/18/2021 6/18/2023 ) ) ) ) Sun Acquirer Corp. Consumer Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/8/2021 9/8/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/8/2021 9/8/2023 ) ) ) ) ) Pioneer Topco I, L.P. (39) Pioneer Buyer I, LLC Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 11/1/2021 11/1/2027 ) ) ) Daxko Acquisition Corporation Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/15/2021 10/16/2023 ) ) ) ) Infogain Corporation Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 7/30/2021 7/30/2026 ) ) ) OA Topco, L.P. (40) OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Information Technology First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 12/20/2021 12/20/2028 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Granicus, Inc. Software First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 1/27/2021 1/29/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 4/23/2021 4/21/2023 ) ) ) ) Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation Business Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 6/30/2021 6/29/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 6/30/2021 6/29/2023 ) ) ) ) Galway Borrower LLC Insurance Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/30/2021 9/30/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 9/30/2021 9/29/2023 ) ) ) ) FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC (38) FS WhiteWater Borrower, LLC Consumer Services First lien (5)(18) - Undrawn 12/20/2021 12/21/2022 ) First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 12/20/2021 12/21/2027 ) ) First lien (5)(18) - Undrawn 12/20/2021 12/21/2023 ) ) ) ) ACI Parent Inc. (36) ACI Group Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/2/2021 8/2/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/2/2021 8/2/2023 ) ) ) ) Fortis Solutions Group, LLC Packaging First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/15/2021 10/15/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/15/2021 10/13/2023 ) ) ) ) Deca Dental Holdings LLC Healthcare Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/26/2021 8/26/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 8/26/2021 8/28/2023 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets NMC Crimson Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 3/1/2021 3/1/2023 ) ) Paw Midco, Inc. AAH Topco, LLC Consumer Services First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 12/22/2021 12/22/2027 ) ) First lien (3)(18) - Undrawn 12/22/2021 12/22/2023 ) ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - United States ) ) ) Unfunded Debt Investments - Jersey Tennessee Bidco Limited Business Services First lien (3)(15)(16)(18) - Undrawn 8/6/2021 7/9/2023 ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - Jersey ) ) Unfunded Debt Investments - Netherlands Tahoe Finco, LLC Information Technology First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/1/2021 10/1/2027 ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - Netherlands ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments ) ) ) Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments (43) Funded Debt Investments - United States TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC (24) Edmentum Ultimate Holdings, LLC Education Subordinated (3)(15) + /PIK) 
 12/11/2020 1/26/2027 Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation Energy Second lien (3)(15) PIK/Q(41) 
 9/12/2019 9/12/2023 Permian Holdco 3, Inc. Permian Trust Energy First lien (10)(15) PIK/Q(41) 
 3/30/2021 First lien (3)(15) (L + PIK/M)(41) 
 7/23/2020 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Equity - United States TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC (24) Education Ordinary shares (3)(15) 12/11/2020 Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation Energy Ordinary shares (2)(15) 7/31/2017 Ordinary shares (3)(15) 7/31/2017 Total Shares - United States Total Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments Controlled Investments (44) Funded Debt Investments - United States New Benevis Topco, LLC (32) New Benevis Holdco, Inc. Healthcare Services First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 10/6/2020 4/7/2025 First lien (8)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 10/6/2020 4/7/2025 First lien (3)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 10/6/2020 4/7/2025 Subordinated (3)(15) PIK/M 
 10/6/2020 10/6/2025 UniTek Global Services, Inc. Business Services First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 6/29/2018 8/20/2024 First lien (3)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 3/16/2020 8/20/2024 First lien (2)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 6/29/2018 8/20/2024 First lien (3)(15) (L + + PIK/Q) 
 6/29/2018 8/20/2024 Second lien (3)(15) PIK/Q 
 12/16/2020 2/20/2025 Tenawa Resource Holdings LLC (21) Tenawa Resource Management LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15) PIK/Q 
 12/17/2021 10/30/2026 First lien (3)(15) (L + /Q) 
 12/17/2021 10/30/2026 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets NHME Holdings Corp. (28) National HME, Inc. Healthcare Services Second lien (3)(15) PIK/Q 
 11/27/2018 5/27/2024 Second lien (3)(15) PIK/Q 
 11/27/2018 5/27/2024 New Permian Holdco, Inc. New Permian Holdco, L.L.C. Energy First lien (3)(15) PIK/M 
 10/30/2020 12/31/2024 First lien (3)(15)(18) - Drawn (L + PIK/M) 
 10/30/2020 12/31/2024 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States Equity - United States NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC Investment Fund Membership interest (3)(15) 5/4/2018 NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC Investment Fund Membership interest (3)(15) 5/5/2021 NM NL Holdings, L.P. Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 6/20/2018 New Benevis Topco, LLC (32) Healthcare Services Ordinary shares (2)(15) 10/6/2020 Ordinary shares (8)(15) 10/6/2020 Ordinary shares (3)(15) 10/6/2020 NM GLCR LP Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 2/1/2018 NM CLFX LP Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 10/6/2017 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets UniTek Global Services, Inc. Business Services Preferred shares (3)(15)(27) 8/17/2018 Preferred shares (3)(15)(27) 8/29/2019 Preferred shares (3)(15)(26)(41) 6/30/2017 Preferred shares (2)(15)(25)(41) 1/13/2015 Preferred shares (3)(15)(25)(41) 1/13/2015 Ordinary shares (2)(15) 1/13/2015 Ordinary shares (3)(15) 1/13/2015 NM APP US LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 9/13/2016 New Permian Holdco, Inc. Energy Ordinary shares (3)(15) 10/30/2020 NM YI, LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 9/30/2019 NM DRVT LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 11/18/2016 NM JRA LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 8/12/2016 NHME Holdings Corp. (28) Healthcare Services Ordinary shares (3)(15) 11/27/2018 NM GP Holdco, LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 6/20/2018 NM KRLN LLC Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 11/15/2016 QID TRH Holdings LLC (21) Tenawa Resource Holdings LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials Ordinary shares (14)(15) 10/1/2021 Profit Interest (6)(15) 10/1/2021 Total Shares - United States 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Interest Rate (19) Acquisition Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares (17) Cost Fair Value Percent of Net Assets Equity - Canada NM APP Canada Corp. Net Lease Membership interest (7)(15) 9/13/2016 Total Shares - Canada Total Shares Warrants - United States UniTek Global Services, Inc. Business Services Warrants (3)(15) 12/16/2020 2/20/2025 NHME Holdings Corp. (28) Healthcare Services Warrants (3)(15) 11/27/2018 Total Warrants - United States Total Funded Investments Unfunded Debt Investments - United States New Permian Holdco, Inc. New Permian Holdco, L.L.C. Energy First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 10/30/2020 12/31/2024 Tenawa Resource Holdings LLC (21) Tenawa Resource Management LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials First lien (3)(15)(18) - Undrawn 12/17/2021 10/30/2026 Total Unfunded Debt Investments - United States Total Controlled Investments Total Investments 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) Investment is held in NMF Ancora Holdings, Inc. 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

(13) Investment is held in NMF Pioneer, Inc 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) , and , respectively. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for details 
 (17) 
 (18) 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) of the Class B profits interest in QID NGL, LLC (which at closing represented of the ownership in the class B units in QID TRH Holdings, LLC), class A common units of Tenawa Resource Holdings LLC, and holds a tranche A first lien term loan, a tranche B first lien term loan and a first lien revolver in Tenawa Resource Management LLC. 
 (22) second lien term loans in OEConnection LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of OEC Holdco, LLC. The preferred equity is entitled to receive prefenential dividends of per annum. 
 (23) wholly-owned subsidiaries of Appriss Health Holdings, Inc. The Company holds a first lien term loan and a first lien revolver in Appriss Health, LLC, and preferred equity in Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. The preferred equity is entitled to receive preferential dividends at a rate of per annum. 
 (24) per annum. 
 (25) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (26) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (27) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (28) 
 (29) per annum payable in additional shares. 
 (30) per annum. 
 (31) per annum. 
 (32) 
 (33) 
 (34) per annum. 
 (35) wholly-owned subsidiary of Diamond Parent Holdings Corp. The Company holds first lien term loans and a first lien revolver in Diligent Corporation and preferred equity in Diligent Preferred Issuer Inc. The preferred equity in Diligent Preferred Issuer Inc. is entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends at a rate per annum. 
 (36) per annum 
 (37) per annum. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

(38) first lien delayed draws in FS WhiteWater Borrwer, LLC, a partially-owned subsidiary of FS WhiteWater Holdings, LLC. 
 (39) 
 (40) 
 (41) 
 (42) security purchased under a collateralized agreement to resell on its Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities with a cost basis of and a fair value of as of December 31, 2021. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for details. 
 (43) 
 ) ) Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation ) TVG-Edmentum Holdings, LLC / Edmentum Ultimate Holdings, LLC ) Total Non-Controlled/Affiliated Investments ) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

(44) 
 National HME, Inc./NHME Holdings Corp. ) New Benevis Topco, LLC / New Benevis Holdco, Inc. New Permian Holdco, Inc. / New Permian Holdco, L.L.C. NM APP CANADA CORP ) NM APP US LLC NM CLFX LP NM DRVT LLC NM JRA LLC NM GLCR LP NM KRLN LLC ) NM NL Holdings, L.P. NM GP Holdco, LLC NM YI LLC NMFC Senior Loan Program I LLC ) NMFC Senior Loan Program II LLC ) NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC Tenawa Resource Management LLC / Tenawa Resource Holdings LLC / QID TRH Holdings LLC (C) ) ) UniTek Global Services, Inc. ) ) Total Controlled Investments ) ) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 (C) 
 
 of the Company s total assets are represented by investments at fair value that are considered non-qualifying assets. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2021 Investment Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value First lien Second lien Subordinated Equity and other Total investments 
 
 December 31, 2021 Industry Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Software Business Services Healthcare Services Investment Funds (includes investments in joint ventures) Education Net Lease Consumer Services Distribution Logistics Insurance Services Specialty Chemicals Materials Information Technology Financial Services Healthcare Information Technology Energy Packaging Federal Services Business Products Consumer Products Industrial Services Information Services Total investments 
 December 31, 2021 Interest Rate Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Floating rates Fixed rates Total investments 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Note 1. 
 in net proceeds from additional offerings of its common stock. 
 New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the Investment Adviser is a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital Group, L.P. (together with New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. and its affiliates, "New Mountain Capital") whose ultimate owners include Steven B. Klinsky, other current and former New Mountain Capital professionals and related vehicles and a minority investor. New Mountain Capital is a firm with a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser manages the Company's day-to-day operations and provides it with investment advisory and management services. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to the Company's. New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. (the "Administrator ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct the Company's day-to-day operations. 
 The Company has established the following wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries: 
 New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C. ("NMF Holdings") and New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C. ("NMFDB"), whose assets are used to secure NMF Holdings credit facility and NMFDB s credit facility, respectively; 
 New Mountain Finance SBIC, L.P. ("SBIC I") and New Mountain Finance SBIC II, L.P. ("SBIC II"), who have received licenses from the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") to operate as small business investment companies ("SBICs") under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (the "1958 Act"), and their general partners, New Mountain Finance SBIC G.P., L.L.C. ("SBIC I GP"), and New Mountain Finance SBIC II G.P., L.L.C. ("SBIC II GP"), respectively; 
 NMF Ancora Holdings, Inc. ("NMF Ancora"), NMF QID NGL Holdings, Inc. ("NMF QID"), NMF YP Holdings, Inc. ("NMF YP"), NMF Permian Holdings, LLC ("NMF Permian"), NMF HB, Inc. ("NMF HB"), NMF TRM, LLC ("NMF TRM"), NMF Pioneer, Inc. ("NMF Pioneer") and NMF OEC, Inc. ("NMF OEC"), which serve as tax blocker corporations by holding equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies (or other forms of pass-through entities); the Company consolidates its tax blocker corporations for accounting purposes but the tax blocker corporations are not consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may incur U.S. federal income tax expense as a result of their ownership of the portfolio companies; and 
 New Mountain Finance Servicing, L.L.C. ("NMF Servicing"), which serves as the administrative agent on certain investment transactions. 
 
 New Mountain Net Lease Corporation ("NMNLC") is a majority-owned consolidated subsidiary of the Company, which acquires commercial real estate properties that are subject to "triple net" leases and has elected to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, within the meaning of Section 856(a) of the Code. 
 The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation through the sourcing and origination of debt securities at all levels of the capital structure, including first and second lien debt, notes, bonds and mezzanine securities. The first lien debt may include traditional first lien senior secured loans or unitranche loans. Unitranche loans will expose the Company to the risks associated with second lien and subordinated loans to the extent the Company invests in the last out tranche. The Company invests a significant portion of its portfolio in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first-lien position. Because unitranche loans combine characteristics of senior and subordinated debt, they have risks similar to the risks associated with secured debt and subordinated debt according to the combination of loan characteristics of the unitranche loan. Certain unitranche loan investments may include last-out positions, which generally heighten the risk of loss. Unitranche loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term and there is a heightened risk of loss if the 
 151 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 152 

See Note 3. Investments , for further discussion relating to investments. 
 New Mountain Net Lease Corporation 
 NMNLC was formed to acquire commercial real estate properties that are subject to "triple net" leases. NMNLC's investments are disclosed on the Company's Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 On March 30, 2020, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser purchased directly from NMNLC shares of NMNLC s common stock at a price of per share, which represented the net asset value per share of NMNLC at the date of purchase, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately . Immediately thereafter, NMNLC redeemed shares of its common stock held by NMFC in exchange for a promissory note with a principal amount of and a interest rate, which was repaid by NMNLC to NMFC on March 31, 2020. 
 
 153 

NM CLFX LP Victor Equipment Company 8/31/2033 TX NM YI, LLC Young Innovations, Inc. 10/31/2039 IL / MO 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company held collateralized agreement to resell with a cost basis of and , respectively, and a fair value of and , respectively. The collateralized agreement to resell is on non-accrual. The collateralized agreement to resell is guaranteed by a private hedge fund, PPVA Fund, L.P. The private hedge fund is currently in liquidation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to the terms of the collateralized agreement, the private hedge fund was obligated to repurchase the collateral from the Company at the par value of the collateralized agreement. The private hedge fund has breached its agreement to repurchase the collateral under the collateralized agreement. The default by the private hedge fund did not release the collateral to the Company, and therefore, the Company does not have full rights and title to the collateral. A claim has been filed with the Cayman Islands joint official liquidators to resolve this matter. The joint official liquidators have recognized the Company s contractual rights under the collateralized agreement. The Company continues to exercise its rights under the collateralized agreement and continues to monitor the liquidation process of the private hedge fund. The fair value of the collateralized agreement to resell is reflective of the increased risk of the position. 
 The Company did t hold any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 , and , respectively, and PIK and non-cash dividends from investments of , and , respectively. 
 Dividend income on common equity is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Dividend income on preferred securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are deemed collectible. 
 Non-accrual income: Investments are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due for days or more and when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued cash and un-capitalized PIK interest or dividends are reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Previously capitalized PIK interest or dividends are not reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest or dividend payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment of the ultimate collectibility. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. 
 154 

See Note 7. Borrowings , for details. 
 See Note 7. Borrowings , for details. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a total income tax expense of approximately for the Company's consolidated subsidiaries. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded current income tax expense of approximately and deferred income tax provision of approximately . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a total income tax expense of approximately for the Company's consolidated subsidiaries. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded current income tax expense of approximately and deferred income tax provision of approximately . For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a total income tax benefit of approximately for the Company's consolidated subsidiaries. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded current income tax expense of approximately and deferred income tax benefit of approximately . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and of deferred tax liabilities, respectively, primarily relating to deferred taxes attributable to certain differences between the computation of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes as compared to GAAP. 
 Based on its analysis, the Company has determined that there were no uncertain income tax positions that do not meet the more likely than not threshold as defined by Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740") 
 155 

of the last determined net asset value of the shares, the Company will use only newly issued shares to implement its dividend reinvestment plan. Under such circumstances, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the market price per share of the Company's common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (the "NASDAQ") on the distribution payment date. Market price per share on that date will be the closing price for such shares on the NASDAQ or, if no sale is reported for such day, the average of their electronically reported bid and ask prices. 
 If the price at which newly issued shares are to be credited to stockholders' accounts is less than of the last determined net asset value of the shares, the Company will either issue new shares or instruct the plan administrator to purchase shares in the open market to satisfy the additional shares required. Shares purchased in open market transactions by the plan administrator will be allocated to a stockholder based on the average purchase price, excluding any brokerage charges or other charges, of all shares of common stock purchased in the open market. The number of shares of the Company's common stock to be outstanding after giving effect to payment of the distribution cannot be established until the value per share at which additional shares will be issued has been determined and elections of the Company's stockholders have been tabulated. 
 worth of the Company's common stock (the "Repurchase Program"). Under the Repurchase Program, the Company was permitted, but was not obligated, to repurchase its outstanding common stock in the open market from time to time provided that it complied with the Company's code of ethics and the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including certain price, market volume and timing constraints. In addition, any repurchases were conducted in accordance with the 1940 Act. On December 22, 2022, the Company's board of directors extended the Company's Repurchase Program and the Company expects the Repurchase Program to be in place until the earlier of December 31, 2023 or until of its outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did t repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock. The Company previously repurchased outstanding shares of its common stock under the Repurchase Program. 

156 

Note 3. 
 Second lien Subordinated Equity and other Total investments 
 Investment Cost and Fair Value by Industry Cost Fair Value Software Business Services Healthcare Investment Funds (includes investments in joint ventures) Education Consumer Services Net Lease Distribution Logistics Financial Services Energy Specialty Chemicals Materials Information Technology Packaging Consumer Products Business Products Total investments 
 157 

Second lien Subordinated Equity and other Total investments 
 
 Investment Cost and Fair Value by Industry Cost Fair Value Software Business Services Healthcare Services Investment Funds (includes investments in joint ventures) Education Net Lease Consumer Services Distribution Logistics Insurance Services Specialty Chemicals Materials Information Technology Financial Services Healthcare Information Technology Energy Packaging Federal Services Business Products Consumer Products Industrial Services Information Services Total investments 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company placed its first lien term loan and first lien delayed draw term loan positions in Ansira Holdings, Inc. ("Ansira") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's positions in Ansira had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of , and total unearned interest income of for the year then ended. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's aggregate principal amount of its second lien term loan in Integro Parent Inc. ("Integro") was . During the second quarter of 2022, the Company placed an aggregate principal amount of of its second lien position on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's position in Integro on non-accrual status had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of , total unearned interest income of for the year then ended and total unearned other income of for the year then ended. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company placed its second lien positions in National HME, Inc. ("National HME") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's second lien positions in National HME had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of . During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reversed of previously recorded PIK interest in National HME and of previously recorded other income in NHME Holdings Corp. as the Company believes this PIK interest and other income will ultimately not be collectible. 
 158 

and , respectively. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company placed an aggregate principal amount of of its subordinated position on non-accrual status. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company placed an aggregate principal amount of of its first lien term loans on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's positions in AAC on non-accrual status had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of and total unearned interest income of for the year then ended. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company placed its second lien position in Sierra Hamilton Holdings Corporation ("Sierra") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's second lien position in Sierra had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of , and total unearned interest income of for the year then ended. 
 During the first quarter of 2020, the Company placed its junior preferred shares in UniTek Global Services, Inc. ("UniTek") on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's junior preferred shares in UniTek had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of and total unearned dividend income of for the year then ended. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company placed an aggregate principal amount of of its investment in the senior preferred shares of UniTek on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's senior preferred shares in UniTek had an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of approximately and total unearned dividend income of approximately for the year then ended. 
 During the first quarter of 2018, the Company placed its first lien positions in Education Management II LLC ("EDMC") on non-accrual status as EDMC announced its intention to wind down and liquidate the business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's investment in EDMC, which was placed on non-accrual status, represented an aggregate cost basis of , an aggregate fair value of and total unearned interest income of for the year then ended. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and bridge facilities of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws or other future funding commitments of . The unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and delayed draws are disclosed on the Company's Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and bridge facilities of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws or other future funding commitments of . The unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and delayed draws are disclosed on the Company's Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021. 
 PPVA Black Elk (Equity) LLC 
 On May 3, 2013, the Company entered into a collateralized securities purchase and put agreement (the SPP Agreement with a private hedge fund. Under the SPP Agreement, the Company purchased Class E Preferred Units of Black Elk Energy Offshore Operations, LLC Black Elk for with a corresponding obligation of the private hedge fund, PPVA Black Elk (Equity) LLC, to repurchase the preferred units for plus other amounts due under the SPP Agreement. The majority owner of Black Elk was the private hedge fund. In August 2014, the Company received a payment of , the full amount due under the SPP Agreement. 
 In August 2017, a trustee (the Trustee for Black Elk informed the Company that the Trustee intended to assert a fraudulent conveyance claim (the Claim against the Company and one of its affiliates seeking the return of the repayment. Black Elk filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in August 2015. The Trustee alleged that individuals affiliated with the private hedge fund conspired with Black Elk and others to improperly use proceeds from the sale of certain Black Elk assets to repay, in August 2014, the private hedge fund s obligation to the Company under the SPP Agreement. The Company was unaware of these claims at the time the repayment was received. The private hedge fund is currently in liquidation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 
 On December 22, 2017, the Company settled the Trustee s Claim for and filed a claim with the Cayman Islands joint official liquidators of the private hedge fund for that is owed to the Company under the SPP Agreement. The SPP Agreement was restored and is in effect since repayment has not been made. The Company continues to exercise its rights under the SPP Agreement and continues to monitor the liquidation process of the private hedge fund. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company received a payment from its insurance carrier in respect to the settlement. As of December 31, 2022, the SPP Agreement has a cost basis of and a fair value of , which is reflective of the higher inherent risk in this transaction. 

159 

investment period and will continue in existence until April 25, 2025. The investment period may be extended for up to pursuant to certain terms of the SLP III Agreement. 
 SLP III is capitalized with equity contributions which are called from its members, on a pro-rata basis based on their equity commitments, as transactions are completed. Any decision by SLP III to call down on capital commitments requires approval by the board of managers of SLP III. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and SkyKnight II have committed and contributed and , respectively, of equity to SLP III. The Company s investment in SLP III is disclosed on the Company s Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 On May 2, 2018, SLP III entered into its revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A., which matures on January 8, 2026. Effective July 8, 2021, the reinvestment period was extended to July 8, 2024. As of the most recent amendment on July 8, 2021, during the reinvestment period the credit facility bears interest at a rate of the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus and after the reinvestment period it will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus . Prior to July 8, 2021, the credit facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus . Effective November 23, 2020, SLP III's revolving credit facility has a maximum borrowing capacity of . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP III had total investments with an aggregate fair value of approximately and , respectively, and debt outstanding under its credit facility of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, of SLP III's investments were on non-accrual. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP III had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws of and , respectively. 
 Weighted average interest rate on first lien investments (2) Number of portfolio companies in SLP III Largest portfolio company investment (1) Total of five largest portfolio company investments (1) 
 
 (1) Reflects principal amount or par value of investment. 
 (2) Computed as the all in interest rate in effect on accruing investments divided by the total principal amount of investments. 
 160 

12/2027 Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. Financial Services L(M) 07/2026 AG Parent Holdings, LLC Healthcare L(M) 07/2026 Artera Services, LLC Distribution Logistics L(Q) 03/2025 AssuredPartners, Inc. Insurance Services SOFR(M) 02/2027 Aston FinCo S.a.r.l. / Aston US Finco, LLC Software L(M) 10/2026 athenahealth Group Inc. Healthcare SOFR(M) 02/2029 BCPE Empire Holdings, Inc. Distribution Logistics L(M) 06/2026 BCPE Empire Holdings, Inc. Distribution Logistics SOFR(M) 06/2026 Bella Holding Company, LLC Healthcare L(M) 05/2028 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software L(Q) 09/2026 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software L(Q) 09/2026 Bracket Intermediate Holding Corp. Healthcare L(Q) 09/2025 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software L(M) 04/2025 Brown Group Holding, LLC Distribution Logistics SOFR(Q) 07/2029 Cano Health, LLC Healthcare SOFR(M) 11/2027 Cardinal Parent, Inc. Software L(Q) 11/2027 CE Intermediate I, LLC Software L(Q) 11/2028 CentralSquare Technologies, LLC Software L(Q) 08/2025 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services L(Q) 04/2025 CommerceHub, Inc. Software SOFR(S) 12/2027 Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare L(M) 11/2028 Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare L(M) 11/2028 Confluent Medical Technologies, Inc. Healthcare SOFR(Q) 02/2029 Convey Health Solutions, Inc. Healthcare SOFR(Q) 09/2026 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. Software L(M) 10/2028 Covenant Surgical Partners, Inc. Healthcare L(Q) 07/2026 Covenant Surgical Partners, Inc. Healthcare L(Q) 07/2026 CRCI Longhorn Holdings, Inc. Business Services L(M) 08/2025 CVET Midco 2, L.P. Software SOFR(Q) 10/2029 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. Business Services SOFR(M) 03/2028 Dealer Tire Financial, LLC Distribution Logistics SOFR(M) 12/2027 Discovery Purchaser Corporation Specialty Chemicals Materials SOFR(Q) 10/2029 Dispatch Acquisition Holdings, LLC Industrial Services L(Q) 03/2028 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Business Services L(M) 07/2025 EAB Global, Inc. Education L(M) 08/2028 Energize Holdco LLC Business Services L(M) 12/2028 eResearchTechnology, Inc. Healthcare L(M) 02/2027 EyeCare Partners, LLC Healthcare L(Q) 02/2027 Foundational Education Group, Inc. Education SOFR(Q) 08/2028 Greenway Health, LLC Healthcare L(Q) 02/2024 Heartland Dental, LLC Healthcare L(M) 04/2025 Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software SOFR(Q) 11/2026 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. Business Services L(M) 11/2026 HighTower Holding, LLC Financial Services L(Q) 04/2028 Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company Education SOFR(M) 04/2029 Idera, Inc. Software L(Q) 03/2028 
 161 

06/2026 LI Group Holdings, Inc. Software L(M) 03/2028 LSCS Holdings, Inc. Healthcare L(M) 12/2028 Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Healthcare L(M) 10/2028 Maverick Bidco Inc. Software L(Q) 05/2028 Maverick Bidco Inc. Software SOFR(Q) 05/2028 Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp. Retail SOFR(M) 05/2028 MED ParentCo, LP Healthcare L(M) 08/2026 Mercury Borrower, Inc. Business Services L(Q) 08/2028 MH Sub I, LLC (Micro Holding Corp.) Software L(M) 09/2024 Mitnick Corporate Purchaser, Inc. Software SOFR(Q) 05/2029 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company Business Services SOFR(Q) 05/2025 Navex Topco, Inc. Software L(M) 09/2025 Netsmart, Inc. Healthcare L(M) 10/2027 Outcomes Group Holdings, Inc. Healthcare L(Q) 10/2025 Pearls (Netherlands) Bidco B.V. Specialty Chemicals Materials SOFR(Q) 02/2029 Peraton Corp. Federal Services L(M) 02/2028 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (fka Pearl Intermediate Parent LLC) Consumer Services L(M) 02/2025 Physician Partners, LLC Healthcare SOFR(M) 12/2028 Planview Parent, Inc. Software L(Q) 12/2027 Premise Health Holding Corp. Healthcare L(S) 07/2025 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. Healthcare L(M) 03/2028 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. Healthcare SOFR(M) 03/2028 RealPage, Inc. Software L(M) 04/2028 RLG Holdings, LLC Packaging L(M) 07/2028 Sierra Enterprises, LLC Food Beverage L(Q) 11/2024 Snap One Holdings Corp. Distribution Logistics L(M) 12/2028 Sovos Brands Intermediate, Inc. Food Beverage L(Q) 06/2028 Spring Education Group, Inc. (fka SSH Group Holdings, Inc.) Education L(Q) 07/2025 Storable, Inc. Software SOFR(M) 04/2028 Symplr Software, Inc. Healthcare SOFR(Q) 12/2027 Syndigo LLC Software L(M) 12/2027 Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Software L(M) 05/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services L(Q) 08/2028 USI, Inc. (fka Compass Investors Inc.) Insurance Services SOFR(Q) 11/2029 Valcour Packaging, LLC Packaging L(S) 10/2028 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services L(M) 08/2025 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services L(M) 08/2025 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services L(M) 08/2025 WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. Software SOFR(M) 07/2029 Waystar Technologies, Inc. Healthcare L(M) 10/2026 WP CityMD Bidco LLC Healthcare L(M) 12/2028 Wrench Group LLC Consumer Services L(Q) 04/2026 YI, LLC Healthcare L(M) 11/2024 Total Funded Investments 
 162 

) ) Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare 11/2023 ) ) Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services 08/2023 ) VT Topco, Inc. Business Services 08/2023 ) Total Unfunded Investments ) ) Total Investments 
 
 (1) All interest is payable in cash unless otherwise indicated. A majority of the variable rate debt investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to the LIBOR (L), the Prime Rate (P), Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and the alternative base rate (Base). For each investment, the current interest rate provided reflects the rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the fair value in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures ("ASC 820"). The Company's board of directors does not determine the fair value of the investments held by SLP III. 
 
 163 

(L + 
 12/23/2027 Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. Financial Services (L + 
 7/31/2026 AG Parent Holdings, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/31/2026 Artera Services, LLC Distribution Logistics (L + 
 3/6/2025 Aston FinCo S.a.r.l. / Aston US Finco, LLC Software (L + 
 10/9/2026 BCPE Empire Holdings, Inc. Distribution Logistics (L + 
 6/11/2026 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/9/2026 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/9/2026 Bella Holding Company, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 5/10/2028 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software (L + 
 9/4/2026 Bracket Intermediate Holding Corp. Healthcare Services (L + 
 9/5/2025 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software (L + 
 4/18/2025 Cano Health, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/23/2027 Cardinal Parent, Inc. Software (L + 
 11/12/2027 CE Intermediate I, LLC Software (L + 
 11/10/2028 CentralSquare Technologies, LLC Software (L + 
 8/29/2025 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 4/10/2025 CommerceHub, Inc. Software (L + 
 12/29/2027 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (f.k.a Ministry Brands, LLC) Software (L + 
 12/2/2022 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (f.k.a Ministry Brands, LLC) Software (L + 
 12/2/2022 Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (f.k.a Ministry Brands, LLC) Software (L + 
 12/2/2022 Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/30/2028 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. Software (L + 
 10/16/2028 Covenant Surgical Partners, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/1/2026 Covenant Surgical Partners, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/1/2026 CRCI Longhorn Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/8/2025 Dealer Tire, LLC Distribution Logistics (L + 
 12/12/2025 DG Investment Intermediate Holdings 2, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 3/31/2028 Dispatch Acquisition Holdings, LLC Industrial Services (L + 
 3/27/2028 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 7/30/2025 EAB Global, Inc. Education (L + 
 8/16/2028 Energize Holdco LLC Business Services (L + 
 12/8/2028 eResearchTechnology, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 2/4/2027 EyeCare Partners, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 2/18/2027 Foundational Education Group, Inc. Education (L + 
 8/31/2028 Frontline Technologies Intermediate Holdings, LLC Software (L + 
 9/18/2023 Frontline Technologies Intermediate Holdings, LLC Software (L + 
 9/18/2023 Greenway Health, LLC Healthcare I.T. (L + 
 2/16/2024 Heartland Dental, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 4/30/2025 Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software (L + 
 11/19/2026 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. Insurance Services (L + 
 11/25/2026 HighTower Holding, LLC Financial Services (L + 
 4/21/2028 Idera, Inc. Software (L + 
 3/2/2028 Kestra Advisor Services Holdings A, Inc. Financial Services (L + 
 6/3/2026 LI Group Holdings, Inc. Software (L + 
 3/11/2028 LSCS Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/16/2028 Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 10/16/2028 Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC Specialty Chemicals Materials (L + 
 10/19/2027 Maverick Bidco Inc. Software (L + 
 5/18/2028 Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp. Retail (L + 
 5/4/2028 MED ParentCo, LP Healthcare Services (L + 
 8/31/2026 
 164 

(L + 
 8/2/2028 MH Sub I, LLC (Micro Holding Corp.) Software (L + 
 9/13/2024 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company Business Services (L + 
 5/23/2025 Navex Topco, Inc. Software (L + 
 9/5/2025 Netsmart, Inc. Healthcare I.T. (L + 
 10/1/2027 Newport Group Holdings II, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 9/12/2025 Outcomes Group Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 10/24/2025 Peraton Corp. Federal Services (L + 
 2/1/2028 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (fka Pearl Intermediate Parent LLC) Consumer Services (L + 
 2/14/2025 Planview Parent, Inc. Software (L + 
 12/17/2027 Premise Health Holding Corp. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/10/2025 Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. Healthcare I.T. (L + 
 3/10/2028 Quest Software US Holdings Inc. Software (L + 
 5/16/2025 RealPage, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 4/24/2028 RLG Holdings, LLC Packaging (L + 
 7/7/2028 Sierra Enterprises, LLC Food Beverage (L + 
 11/11/2024 Snap One Holdings Corp. Distribution Logistics (L + 
 12/8/2028 Sovos Brands Intermediate, Inc. Food Beverage (L + 
 6/8/2028 Spring Education Group, Inc. (fka SSH Group Holdings, Inc.) Education (L + 
 7/30/2025 Storable, Inc. Software (L + 
 4/17/2028 Symplr Software, Inc. Healthcare I.T. (L + 
 12/22/2027 Syndigo LLC Software (L + 
 12/15/2027 Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Healthcare I.T. (L + 
 5/18/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/31/2028 TIBCO Software Inc. Software (L + 
 6/30/2026 Trader Interactive, LLC (fka Dominion Web Solutions LLC) Business Services (L + 
 7/28/2028 Unified Women's Healthcare, LP Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/20/2027 Valcour Packaging, LLC Packaging (L + 
 10/4/2028 VetCor Professional Practices LLC Consumer Services (L + 
 7/2/2025 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/1/2025 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/1/2025 Waystar Technologies, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 10/22/2026 WP CityMD Bidco LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/22/2028 Wrench Group LLC Consumer Services (L + 
 4/30/2026 YI, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/7/2024 Total Funded Investments Unfunded Investments - First lien Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare Services 11/30/2023 ) Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Healthcare I.T. 5/18/2023 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services 8/31/2023 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services 8/1/2023 ) Total Unfunded Investments ) ) Total Investments 

(1) All interest is payable in cash unless otherwise indicated. A majority of the variable rate debt investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to the LIBOR (L), the Prime Rate (P) and the alternative base rate (Base). For each investment, the current interest rate provided reflects the rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Represents the fair value in accordance with ASC 820. The Company's board of directors does not determine the fair value of the investments held by SLP III. 
 
 165 

and , respectively) 
 Cash and other assets Receivable from unsettled securities sold Total assets Credit facility Deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) 
 ) ) Payable for unsettled securities purchased Distribution payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Members' capital Total liabilities and members' capital 
 Year Ended December 31, Selected Statement of Operations Information: 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Other income Total investment income Interest and other financing expenses Other expenses Net expenses Net investment income Net realized (losses) gains on investments ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments ) ) Net (decrease) increase in members' capital ) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company earned approximately , and , respectively, of dividend income related to SLP III, which is included in dividend income. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 approximately and , respectively, of dividend income related to SLP III was included in interest and dividend receivable. 
 The Company has determined that SLP III is an investment company under ASC 946; however, in accordance with such guidance the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly-owned investment company subsidiary. Furthermore, ASC 810 concludes that in a joint venture where both members have equal decision making authority, it is not appropriate for one member to consolidate the joint venture since neither has control. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate SLP III. 
 NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC 
 NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC ("SLP IV") was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on April 6, 2021, and commenced operations on May 5, 2021. SLP IV is structured as a private joint venture investment fund between the Company and SkyKnight Income Alpha, LLC ("SkyKnight Alpha") and operates under the First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NMFC Senior Loan Program IV LLC (the "SLP IV Agreement"). Upon the effectiveness of the SLP IV Agreement dated May 5, 2021, the members contributed their respective membership interests in NMFC Senior Loan Program I LLC ("SLP I") and NMFC Senior Loan Program II LLC ("SLP II") to SLP IV. Immediately 
 166 

investment period and will continue in existence until May 5, 2028. The investment period may be extended for up to pursuant to certain terms of the SLP IV Agreement. 
 SLP IV is capitalized with equity contributions which were transferred and contributed from its members. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company and SkyKnight Alpha have transferred and contributed and , respectively, of their membership interests in SLP I and SLP II to SLP IV. The Company s investment in SLP IV is disclosed on the Company s Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 On May 5, 2021, SLP IV entered into a revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association which matures on May 5, 2026 and bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP IV had total investments with an aggregate fair value of approximately and , respectively, and debt outstanding under its credit facility of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, of SLP IV s investments were on non-accrual. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SLP IV had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws of and , respectively. 
 Weighted average interest rate on first lien investments (2) Number of portfolio companies in SLP IV Largest portfolio company investment (1) Total of five largest portfolio company investments (1) 
 
 (1) Reflects principal amount or par value of investment. 
 (2) Computed as the all in interest rate in effect on accruing investments divided by the total principal amount of investments. 

167 

+ /PIK 
 09/2023 ADMI Corp. (aka Aspen Dental) Healthcare L (M) 12/2027 Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. Financial Services L (M) 07/2026 Artera Services, LLC Distribution Logistics L (Q) 03/2025 athenahealth Group Inc. Healthcare SOFR (M) 02/2029 Barracuda Parent, LLC Software SOFR (Q) 08/2029 Bayou Intermediate II, LLC Healthcare L (Q) 08/2028 Bella Holding Company, LLC Healthcare L (M) 05/2028 Bleriot US Bidco Inc. Federal Services L (Q) 10/2026 Bracket Intermediate Holding Corp. Healthcare L (Q) 09/2025 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software L (M) 04/2025 Brown Group Holding, LLC Distribution Logistics SOFR (Q) 07/2029 Cano Health, LLC Healthcare SOFR (M) 11/2027 CE Intermediate I, LLC Software L (Q) 11/2028 CentralSquare Technologies, LLC Software P (Q) 08/2025 Certara Holdco, Inc. Healthcare L (M) 08/2026 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services L (Q) 04/2025 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services L (Q) 04/2025 Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare L (M) 11/2028 Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare L (M) 11/2028 Confluent Medical Technologies, Inc. Healthcare SOFR (Q) 02/2029 Convey Health Solutions, Inc. Healthcare SOFR (Q) 09/2026 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. Software L (M) 10/2028 CVET Midco 2, L.P. Software SOFR (Q) 10/2029 Dealer Tire Financial, LLC Distribution Logistics SOFR (M) 12/2027 Discovery Purchaser Corporation Specialty Chemicals Materials SOFR (Q) 10/2029 Dispatch Acquisition Holdings, LLC Industrial Services L (Q) 03/2028 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Business Services L (M) 07/2025 EAB Global, Inc. Education L (M) 08/2028 Emerald 2 Limited Business Services L (Q) 07/2028 Energize Holdco LLC Business Services L (M) 12/2028 eResearchTechnology, Inc. Healthcare L (M) 02/2027 EyeCare Partners, LLC Healthcare L (Q) 11/2028 Foundational Education Group, Inc. Education SOFR (Q) 08/2028 Geo Parent Corporation Business Services SOFR (Q) 12/2025 Greenway Health, LLC Healthcare L (Q) 02/2024 Heartland Dental, LLC Healthcare L (M) 04/2025 Heartland Dental, LLC Healthcare L (M) 04/2025 Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software SOFR (Q) 11/2026 Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company Education SOFR (M) 04/2029 Hunter Holdco 3 Limited Healthcare L (Q) 08/2028 Idera, Inc. Software L (Q) 03/2028 Kestra Advisor Services Holdings A, Inc. Financial Services L (Q) 06/2026 LSCS Holdings, Inc. Healthcare L (M) 12/2028 Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Healthcare L (M) 10/2028 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Software L (Q) 07/2028 Maverick Bidco Inc. Software SOFR (Q) 05/2028 Maverick Bidco Inc. Software L (Q) 05/2028 
 168 

05/2028 Mercury Borrower, Inc. Business Services L (Q) 08/2028 MH Sub I, LLC (Micro Holding Corp.) Software L (M) 09/2024 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company Business Services SOFR (Q) 05/2025 Netsmart, Inc. Healthcare L (M) 10/2027 OEConnection LLC Software SOFR (M) 09/2026 Pearls (Netherlands) Bidco B.V. Specialty Chemicals Materials SOFR (Q) 02/2029 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (fka Pearl Intermediate Parent LLC) Consumer Services L (M) 02/2025 Physician Partners, LLC Healthcare SOFR (M) 12/2028 Premise Health Holding Corp. Healthcare L (S) 07/2025 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Business Services L (M) 05/2026 RealPage, Inc. Software L (M) 04/2028 RLG Holdings, LLC Packaging L (M) 07/2028 Sierra Enterprises, LLC Food Beverage L (Q) 11/2024 Snap One Holdings Corp. Distribution Logistics L (M) 12/2028 Sovos Brands Intermediate, Inc. Food Beverage L (Q) 06/2028 STATS Intermediate Holdings, LLC Business Services SOFR (Q) 07/2026 Storable, Inc. Software SOFR (M) 04/2028 Symplr Software, Inc. Healthcare SOFR (Q) 12/2027 Syndigo LLC Software L (M) 12/2027 Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Software L (M) 05/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services L (Q) 08/2028 USIC Holdings, Inc. Business Services L (M) 05/2028 Valcour Packaging, LLC Packaging L (S) 10/2028 Virtusa Corporation Information Technology SOFR (M) 02/2029 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services L (M) 08/2025 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services L (M) 08/2025 WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. Software SOFR (M) 07/2029 Wrench Group LLC Consumer Services L (Q) 04/2026 YI, LLC Healthcare L (M) 11/2024 Zone Climate Services, Inc. Business Services SOFR (S) 03/2028 Zone Climate Services, Inc. Business Services SOFR (S) 03/2028 Total Funded Investments Unfunded Investments - First lien athenahealth Group Inc. Healthcare 01/2024 ) Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare 11/2023 ) ) Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services 08/2023 ) VT Topco, Inc. Business Services 08/2023 ) Total Unfunded Investments ) ) Total Investments 
 
 (1) All interest is payable in cash unless otherwise indicated. A majority of the variable rate debt investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to the LIBOR (L), the Prime Rate (P), Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and the alternative base rate (Base). For each investment, the current interest rate provided reflects the rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the fair value in accordance with ASC 820. The Company's board of directors does not determine the fair value of the investments held by SLP IV. 

169 

(L + + PIK) 
 9/28/2023 ADMI Corp. (aka Aspen Dental) Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/23/2027 Advisor Group Holdings, Inc. Financial Services (L + 
 7/31/2026 Artera Services, LLC Distribution Logistics (L + 
 3/6/2025 Bayou Intermediate II, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 8/2/2028 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/9/2026 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/9/2026 Bella Holding Company, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 5/10/2028 Bleriot US Bidco Inc. Federal Services (L + 
 10/30/2026 Bracket Intermediate Holding Corp. Healthcare Services (L + 
 9/5/2025 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software (L + 
 4/18/2025 Cano Health, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/23/2027 CE Intermediate I, LLC Software (L + 
 11/10/2028 CentralSquare Technologies, LLC Software (L + 
 8/29/2025 Certara Holdco, Inc. Healthcare Information Technology (L + 
 8/15/2026 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 4/10/2025 CHA Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 4/10/2025 Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/30/2028 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. Software (L + 
 10/16/2028 Cvent, Inc. Software (L + 
 11/29/2024 Dealer Tire, LLC Distribution Logistics (L + 
 12/12/2025 Dispatch Acquisition Holdings, LLC Industrial Services (L + 
 3/27/2028 Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 7/30/2025 EAB Global, Inc. Education (L + 
 8/16/2028 Emerald 2 Limited Business Services (L + 
 7/12/2028 Energize Holdco LLC Business Services (L + 
 12/8/2028 eResearchTechnology, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 2/4/2027 EyeCare Partners, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/15/2028 EyeCare Partners, LLC Healthcare Services (P + 
 11/15/2028 Foundational Education Group, Inc. Education (L + 
 8/31/2028 Greenway Health, LLC Healthcare Information Technology (L + 
 2/16/2024 Heartland Dental, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 4/30/2025 Heartland Dental, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 4/30/2025 Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software (L + 
 11/19/2026 Hunter Holdco 3 Limited Healthcare Services (L + 
 8/19/2028 Idera, Inc. Software (L + 
 3/2/2028 Kestra Advisor Services Holdings A, Inc. Financial Services (L + 
 6/3/2026 Keystone Acquisition Corp. Healthcare Services (L + 
 5/1/2024 LSCS Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/16/2028 Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Healthcare Services (L + 
 10/16/2028 Mandolin Technology Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Software (L + 
 7/31/2028 Maverick Bidco Inc. Software (L + 
 5/18/2028 Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp. Retail (L + 
 5/4/2028 Mercury Borrower, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/2/2028 MH Sub I, LLC (Micro Holding Corp.) Software (L + 
 9/13/2024 Ministry Brands, LLC Software (L + 
 12/2/2022 Ministry Brands, LLC Software (L + 
 12/2/2022 Ministry Brands, LLC Software (L + 
 12/2/2022 National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company Business Services (L + 
 5/23/2025 Netsmart, Inc. Healthcare Information Technology (L + 
 10/1/2027 
 170 

(L + 
 9/25/2026 PetVet Care Centers, LLC Consumer Services (L + 
 2/14/2025 Premise Health Holding Corp. Healthcare Services (L + 
 7/10/2025 Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Business Services (L + 
 5/30/2026 Quest Software US Holdings Inc. Software (L + 
 5/16/2025 RealPage, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 4/24/2028 RLG Holdings, LLC Packaging (L + 
 7/7/2028 Sierra Enterprises, LLC Food Beverage (L + 
 11/11/2024 Snap One Holdings Corp. Distribution Logistics (L + 
 12/8/2028 Sovos Brands Intermediate, Inc. Food Beverage (L + 
 6/8/2028 Storable, Inc. Software (L + 
 4/17/2028 Syndigo LLC Software (L + 
 12/15/2027 Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Healthcare Information Technology (L + 
 5/18/2028 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/31/2028 TIBCO Software Inc. Software (L + 
 6/30/2026 Trader Interactive, LLC (fka Dominion Web Solutions LLC) Business Services (L + 
 7/28/2028 Unified Women's Healthcare, LP Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/20/2027 USIC Holdings, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 5/12/2028 Valcour Packaging, LLC Packaging (L + 
 10/4/2028 VetCor Professional Practices LLC Consumer Services (L + 
 7/2/2025 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services (L + 
 8/1/2025 WP CityMD Bidco LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 12/22/2028 Wrench Group LLC Consumer Services (L + 
 4/30/2026 YI, LLC Healthcare Services (L + 
 11/7/2024 Total Funded Investments Unfunded Investments - First lien Confluent Health, LLC Healthcare Services 11/30/2023 ) EyeCare Partners, LLC Healthcare Services 11/15/2028 ) Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Healthcare Information Technology 5/18/2023 Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. Business Services 8/31/2023 VT Topco, Inc. Business Services 8/4/2023 ) Total Unfunded Investments ) ) Total Investments 
 (1) All interest is payable in cash unless otherwise indicated. A majority of the variable rate debt investments bear interest at a rate that may be 
 determined by reference to the LIBOR (L), the Prime Rate (P) and the alternative base rate (Base). For each investment, the current interest rate 
 provided reflects the rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Represents the fair value in accordance with ASC 820. The Company's board of directors does not determine the fair value of the investments held by SLP IV. 
 171 

and , respectively) 
 Receivable from unsettled securities sold Cash and other assets Total assets Credit facility Deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) 
 ) ) Payable for unsettled securities purchased Distribution payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Members' capital Total liabilities and members' capital 
 
 Selected Consolidated Statement of Operations Information: Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021(1) Interest income Other income Total investment income Interest and other financing expenses Other expenses Total expenses Net investment income Net realized (losses) gains on investments ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments ) Net (decrease) increase in members' capital ) 
 
 (1) Reflects the results of operations for the period from May 5, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 5, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company earned approximately and of dividend income related to SLP IV, respectively, which is included in dividend income. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately and , respectively of dividend income related to SLP IV was included in interest and dividend receivable. 
 The Company has determined that SLP IV is an investment company under ASC 946; in accordance with such guidance the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly-owned investment company subsidiary. Furthermore, ASC 810 concludes that in a joint venture where both members have equal decision making authority, it is not appropriate for one member to consolidate the joint venture since neither has control. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate SLP IV. 
 Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries 
 In accordance with Regulation S-X Rules 3-09 and 4-08(g), the Company evaluates its unconsolidated controlled portfolio companies to determine if any are as "significant subsidiaries." This determination is made based upon an analysis 
 172 

Note 4. 
 173 

Second lien Subordinated Equity and other Total investments 
 The following table summarizes the levels in the fair value hierarchy that the Company's portfolio investments fall into as of December 31, 2021: Total Level I Level II Level III First lien Second lien Subordinated Equity and other Total investments 
 174 

Total gains or losses included in earnings: Net realized gains on investments Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments ) ) ) ) Purchases, including capitalized PIK and revolver fundings Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level III(1) Fair value, December 31, 2022 Unrealized (depreciation) appreciation for the period relating to those Level III assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period: ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, portfolio investments were transferred into Level III from Level II at fair value as of the beginning of the period in which the reclassification occurred. 
 The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of Level III portfolio investments for the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as the portion of appreciation (depreciation) included in income attributable to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) related to those assets and liabilities still held by the Company at December 31, 2021: Total First Lien Second Lien Subordinated Equity and other Fair value, December 31, 2020 Total gains or losses included in earnings: Net realized (losses) gains on investments ) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) Purchases, including capitalized PIK and revolver fundings(1) Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments(1) ) ) ) ) Transfers out of Level III(2) ) ) Fair value, December 31, 2021 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the period relating to those Level III assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period: ) 
 
 (1) Includes non-cash reorganizations and restructurings. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2021, portfolio investments were transferred out of Level III into Level II at fair value as of the beginning of the period in which the reclassification occurred. 
 Except as noted in the tables above, there were no other transfers in or out of Level I, II or III during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Transfers into Level III occur as quotations obtained through pricing services are deemed not representative of fair value as of the balance sheet date and such assets are internally valued. As quotations obtained through pricing services are substantiated through additional market sources, investments are transferred out of Level III. In 
 175 

176 

Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Revenue multiple x x x Discount rate Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A Second lien Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Discount rate Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A Subordinated Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Discount rate Equity and other Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Revenue multiple x x x Discount rate Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the investments. 
 (2) Fair value was determined based on transaction pricing or recent acquisition or sale as the best measure of fair value with no material changes in operations of the related portfolio company since the transaction date. 
 
 177 

Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Revenue multiple x x x Discount rate Market quote Broker quote N/A N/A N/A Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A Second lien Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Discount rate Market quote Broker quote N/A N/A N/A Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A Subordinated Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Discount rate Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A Equity and other Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Revenue multiple x x x Discount rate Other N/A(2) N/A N/A N/A 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the investments. 
 
 The carrying value of the collateralized agreement approximates fair value as of December 31, 2022 and is considered Level III. The fair value of other financial assets and liabilities approximates their carrying value based on the short-term nature of these items. 
 The Holdings Credit Facility, NMFC Credit Facility, DB Credit Facility, SBA-guaranteed debentures, Unsecured Notes and NMNLC Credit Facility II are considered Level III. The fair value of the 2018 Convertible Notes and 2022 Convertible Notes (the "Convertible Notes") were based on quoted prices and are considered Level II. See Note 7. Borrowings , for details. 
 
 178 

Unsecured Notes SBA-guaranteed debentures Convertible Notes DB Credit Facility NMFC Credit Facility (1) NMNLC Credit Facility II Total Borrowings 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the principal amount of the NMFC Credit Facility was , which included denominated in GBP and denominated in EUR that has been converted to U.S. dollars. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the NMFC Credit Facility was , which included denominated in GBP and denominated in EUR that has been converted to U.S. dollars. 
 Fair value risk factors The Company seeks investment opportunities that offer the possibility of attaining substantial capital appreciation. Certain events particular to each industry in which the Company's portfolio companies conduct their operations, as well as general economic, political and public health conditions (including the COVID-19 pandemic), may have a significant negative impact on the operations and profitability of the Company's investments and/or on the fair value of the Company's investments. The Company's investments are subject to the risk of non-payment of scheduled interest or principal, resulting in a reduction in income to the Company and their corresponding fair valuations. Also, there may be risk associated with the concentration of investments in one geographic region or in certain industries. These events are beyond the control of the Company and cannot be predicted. Furthermore, the ability to liquidate investments and realize value is subject to uncertainties. 
 
 Note 5. 
 months commencing on March 1, 2023. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to, the Company. For providing these services, the Investment Adviser receives a fee from the Company, consisting of components a base management fee and an incentive fee. On November 1, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Management Agreement Amendment No. 1 ). As described below, the sole purpose of Amendment No. 1 was to reduce the base management fee from of the Company s gross assets to of the Company s gross assets. 
 Pursuant to Amendment No. 1, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of of the Company's gross assets, which equals the Company's total assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents. Prior to Amendment No. 1, pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of of the Company's gross assets, which equaled the Company's total assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, less (i) the borrowings under the New Mountain Finance SPV Funding, L.L.C. Loan and Security Agreement, as amended and restated, dated October 27, 2010 (the "SLF Credit Facility") and (ii) cash and cash equivalents. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and is calculated based on the average value of the Company's gross assets, which equals the Company's total assets, as determined in accordance with GAAP, less cash and cash equivalents at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted on a pro rata basis for any equity capital raises or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. The Company has not invested, and currently is not invested, in derivatives. To the extent the Company invests in derivatives in the future, the Company will use the actual value of the derivatives, as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, for purposes of calculating its base management fee. 
 179 

on gross assets (the Reduced Base Management Fee ). The Investment Adviser cannot recoup management fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, management fees waived were approximately , and , respectively. 
 The incentive fee consists of parts. The first part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding quarter, subject to a preferred return , or hurdle , and a catch-up feature. "Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income" means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, upfront, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company's operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under an administration agreement, as amended and restated (the Administration Agreement ), with the Administrator, and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock (of which there were as of December 31, 2022), but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company's net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will be compared to a "hurdle rate" of per quarter annualized), subject to a "catch-up" provision measured as of the end of each calendar quarter. The hurdle rate is appropriately pro-rated for any partial periods. The calculation of the Company's incentive fee with respect to the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each quarter is as follows: 
 No incentive fee is payable to the Investment Adviser in any calendar quarter in which the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of (the "preferred return" or "hurdle"). 
 of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to in any calendar quarter annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser. This portion of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to is referred to as the "catch-up". The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of on all of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds in any calendar quarter. 
 of the amount of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter annualized) is payable to the Investment Adviser once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 incentive fees waived were approximately , and , respectively. The Investment Adviser cannot recoup incentive fees that the Investment Adviser has previously waived. 
 The second part of the incentive fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement) and will equal of the Company's realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fee. 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company accrues a hypothetical capital gains incentive fee based upon the cumulative net realized capital gains and realized capital losses and the cumulative net unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. Actual amounts paid to the Investment Adviser are consistent with the Investment Management Agreement and are based only on actual realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year as if the entire portfolio was sold at fair value. 
 180 

Less: management fee waiver ) ) ) Total management fee Incentive fee, excluding accrued capital gains incentive fees Less: incentive fee waiver ) Total incentive fee Accrued capital gains incentive fees(1) 
 
 actual capital gains incentive fee was owed under the Investment Management Agreement by the Company, as cumulative net realized capital gains did not exceed cumulative unrealized capital depreciation. 
 The Company has entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator under which the Administrator provides administrative services. The Administration Agreement was most recently re-approved by the board of directors on January 24, 2023, for a period of months commencing on March 1, 2023. The Administrator maintains, or oversees the maintenance of, the Company s consolidated financial records, prepares reports filed with the SEC, generally monitors the payment of the Company's expenses and oversees the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. The Company reimburses the Administrator for the Company's allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to the Company under the Administration Agreement. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement and further restricted by the Company, the Administrator may, in its own discretion, submit to the Company for reimbursement some or all of the expenses that the Administrator has incurred on behalf of the Company during any quarterly period. As a result, the amount of expenses for which the Company will have to reimburse the Administrator may fluctuate in future quarterly periods and there can be no assurance given as to when, or if, the Administrator may determine to limit the expenses that the Administrator submits to the Company for reimbursement in the future. However, it is expected that the Administrator will continue to support part of the expense burden of the Company in the near future and may decide to not calculate and charge through certain overhead related amounts as well as continue to cover some of the indirect costs. The Administrator cannot recoup any expenses that the Administrator has previously waived. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, approximately , and , respectively, of indirect administrative expenses were included in administrative expenses of which , and , respectively, were waived by the Administrator. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, of indirect administrative expenses were included in payable to affiliates. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the reimbursement to the Administrator represented approximately , and , respectively, of the Company's gross assets. 
 The Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator have also entered into a Trademark License Agreement, as amended, with New Mountain Capital, pursuant to which New Mountain Capital has agreed to grant the Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the "New Mountain" and the "New Mountain Finance" names, as well as the NMF logo. Under the Trademark License Agreement, as amended, subject to certain conditions, the Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator will have a right to use the "New Mountain" and "New Mountain Finance" names, as well as the NMF logo, for so long as the Investment Adviser or one of its affiliates remains the investment adviser of the Company. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator will have no legal right to the "New Mountain" or the "New Mountain Finance" names, as well as the NMF logo. 
 In addition, pursuant to an exemptive order issued by the SEC on April 8, 2020 and applicable to all BDCs through December 31, 2020 (the Temporary Relief), the Company was permitted, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds if such private funds did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. Without the Temporary Relief, such private funds would not be able to participate in such co-investments with the Company unless the private funds had previously acquired securities of the portfolio company in a co-investment transaction with the Company. Although the Temporary Relief expired on December 31, 2020, the SEC s Division of Investment Management had indicated that until March 31, 2022, it would not recommend enforcement action, to the extent that any BDC with an existing co-investment order continues to engage in certain transactions described in the Temporary Relief, pursuant to the same terms and conditions described therein. The Temporary Relief is no longer 
 181 

Note 6. 
 shares of NMNLC s common stock at a price of per share, which represented the net asset value per share of NMNLC at the date of purchase, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately . Immediately thereafter, NMNLC redeemed 
 182 

shares of its common stock held by the Company in exchange for a promissory note with a principal amount of and a interest rate, which was repaid by NMNLC to the Company on March 31, 2020. 
 On March 30, 2020, the Company entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, with a maximum amount of revolver borrowings available and a maturity date of December 31, 2022. On May 4, 2020, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., which increased the maximum amounts of revolving borrowings available thereunder from to . On December 17, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., which lowered the interest rate and extended the maturity date from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. Refer to Note 7. Borrowings for discussion of the Unsecured Management Company Revolver (defined below). 
 
 Note 7. 
 to of the minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to the Company as of June 9, 2018 (which means the Company can borrow for every 1 of its equity). As a result of the Company's exemptive relief received on November 5, 2014, the Company is permitted to exclude its SBA-guaranteed debentures from the asset coverage ratio that the Company is required to maintain under the 1940 Act. The agreements governing the NMFC Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes (as defined below) and the Unsecured Notes (as defined below) contain certain covenants and terms, including a requirement that the Company not exceed a debt-to-equity ratio of to 1.00 at the time of incurring additional indebtedness and a requirement that the Company not exceed a secured debt ratio of to 1.00 at any time. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s asset coverage ratio was . 
 Holdings Credit Facility On October 24, 2017, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement among the Company, as the Collateral Manager, NMF Holdings, as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the Administrative Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Lender and Collateral Custodian (as amended from time to time, the "Holdings Credit Facility"). As of the most recent amendment on April 20, 2021, the maturity date of the Holdings Credit Facility is April 20, 2026, and the maximum facility amount is the lesser of and the actual commitments of the lenders to make advances as of such date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available under the Holdings Credit Facility is . Under the Holdings Credit Facility, NMF Holdings is permitted to borrow up to , , or of the purchase price of pledged assets, subject to approval by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Holdings Credit Facility is non-recourse to the Company and is collateralized by all of the investments of NMF Holdings on an investment by investment basis. All fees associated with the origination, amending or upsizing of the Holdings Credit Facility are capitalized on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities and charged against income as other financing expenses over the life of the Holdings Credit Facility. The Holdings Credit Facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. In addition, the Holdings Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio of . The covenants are generally not tied to mark to market fluctuations in the prices of NMF Holdings investments, but rather to the performance of the underlying portfolio companies. 
 As of the most recent amendment on April 20, 2021, the Holdings Credit Facility bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined in the Fifth Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement) and LIBOR plus per annum for all other investments. From September 30, 2020 to April 19, 2021 the Holdings Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined in the Fourth Amendment Loan and Security Agreement) and LIBOR plus per annum for all other investments. Prior to September 30, 2020, the Holdings Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as defined in the Second Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement) and LIBOR plus per annum for all other investments. The Holdings Credit Facility also charges a non-usage fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by the Non-Usage Fee Rate (as defined in the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement). 
 183 

Non-usage fee Amortization of financing costs Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance on the Holdings Credit Facility was , and , respectively, and NMF Holdings was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the Holdings Credit Facility on such dates. 
 NMFC Credit Facility The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, (as amended from time to time, and together with the related guarantee and security agreement, the "RCA"), dated June 4, 2021, among the Company, as the Borrower, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., Stifel Bank Trust and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Lenders (the "NMFC Credit Facility"), is structured as a senior secured revolving credit facility. The NMFC Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of the Company's domestic subsidiaries and proceeds from the NMFC Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. As of the most recent amendment on June 4, 2021, the maturity date of the NMFC Credit Facility is June 4, 2026. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available under the NMFC Credit Facility was . The Company is permitted to borrow at various advance rates depending on the type of portfolio investment, as outlined in the RCA. All fees associated with the origination and amending of the NMFC Credit Facility are capitalized on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities and charged against income as other financing expenses over the life of the NMFC Credit Facility. The NMFC Credit Facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, including certain financial covenants related to asset coverage and liquidity and other maintenance covenants. 
 As of the most recent amendment on June 4, 2021, the NMFC Credit Facility generally bears interest at a rate of LIBOR, Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate ("SONIA") or Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") plus per annum or the prime rate plus per annum, and charges a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by per annum (as defined in the RCA). Prior to June 4, 2021, the NMFC Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum or the prime rate plus per annum, and charged a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by per annum (as defined in the RCA). 
 Non-usage fee Amortization of financing costs Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the NMFC Credit Facility was , which included denominated in British Pound Sterling ("GBP") and denominated in Euro ("EUR") that has been converted to U.S. dollars. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the NMFC Credit Facility was , which included denominated in GBP that has been converted to U.S. dollars. As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance on the NMFC Credit Facility was . NMFC was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the NMFC Credit Facility on such dates. 
 184 

per annum. Prior to December 17, 2021, the Unsecured Management Company Revolver bore interest at a rate of per annum (as defined in the Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement). On May 4, 2020, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., which increased the maximum amounts of revolving borrowings available thereunder from to . As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available under the Unsecured Management Company Revolver was and borrowings were outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, amortization of financing costs were and , respectively. 
 DB Credit Facility The Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement (the "LFSA") dated December 14, 2018 and as amended from time to time, among NMFDB as the borrower, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch ("Deutsche Bank") as the facility agent, Lender and other agent from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and collateral custodian (the "DB Credit Facility"), is structured as a secured revolving credit facility and the maturity date is March 25, 2026. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available under the DB Credit Facility was . The Company is permitted to borrow at various advance rates depending on the type of portfolio investment, as outlined in the LFSA. The DB Credit Facility is non-recourse to the Company and is collateralized by all of the investments of NMFDB on an investment by investment basis. All fees associated with the origination and amending of the DB Credit Facility are capitalized on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities and charged against income as other financing expenses over the life of the DB Credit Facility. The DB Credit Facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The covenants are generally not tied to mark to market fluctuations in the prices of NMFDB investments, but rather to the performance of the underlying portfolio companies. 
 The advances under the DB Credit Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin plus the lender's Cost of Funds Rate. Prior to March 25, 2021, the Applicable Margin was equal to during the Revolving Period and then increases by during an Event of Default. Effective March 25, 2021, the Applicable Margin is equal to during the Revolving Period and then increases by during an Event of Default. The "Cost of Funds Rate" for a conduit lender is the lower of its commercial paper rate and the Base Rate plus , and for any other lender is the Base Rate. The "Base Rate" is the three-months LIBOR Rate but may become an alternative base rate based on Deutsche Bank's base lending rate if certain LIBOR disruption events occur. The Company is also charged a non-usage fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by the Undrawn Fee Rate (as defined in the LFSA) and a facility agent fee of per annum on the total facility amount. 
 Non-usage fee(1) Amortization of financing costs Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 
 (1) Interest expense includes the portion of the facility agent fee applicable to the drawn portion of the DB Credit Facility and non-usage fee includes the portion of the facility agent fee applicable to the undrawn portion of the DB Credit Facility. 
 185 

, and , respectively, and NMFDB was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the DB Credit Facility on such dates. 
 NMNLC Credit Facilities The Revolving Credit Agreement (together with the related guarantee and security agreement, the NMNLC Credit Facility ), dated September 21, 2018, by and between NMNLC, as the Borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as the Administrative Agent and Lender (the "NMNLC Revolving Credit Agreement"), was structured as a senior secured revolving credit facility and matured on September 23, 2020. The NMNLC Credit Facility was guaranteed by the Company and proceeds from the NMNLC Credit Facility were able to be used for funding of additional 
 acquisition properties. 
 The NMNLC Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum or the prime rate plus per annum, and charged a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by per annum (as defined in the NMNLC Revolving Credit Agreement). For the year ended December 31, 2020, interest expense, non-usage fees and amortization of financing costs were , and , respectively. 
 The Credit Agreement (together with the related guarantee and security agreement, the "NMNLC CA"), dated February 26, 2021, by and between NMNLC, as the Borrower, and City National Bank, as the Lender (the "NMNLC Credit Facility II"), is structured as a senior secured revolving credit facility. As of the most recent amendment on November 1, 2022, NM CLFX LP has been added as a co-borrower and the NMNLC CA will mature on November 1, 2024. The NMNLC Credit Facility II is guaranteed by the Company and proceeds from the NMNLC Credit Facility II are able to be used for refinancing existing loans on properties held. 
 Prior to the amendment on December 7, 2021, the NMNLC Credit Facility II bore interest at a rate of LIBOR plus per annum, and charged a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by per annum (as defined in the NMNLC CA). From December 7, 2021 through November 1, 2022, the NMNLC Credit Facility II bore interest at a rate of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus per annum with a floor, and charges a commitment fee, based on the unused facility amount multiplied by per annum (as defined in the NMNLC CA). As of the amendment on November 1, 2022, the NMNLC Credit Facility II bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus . 
 Prior to the amendment on March 16, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available under the NMNLC Credit Facility II was . As of the March 16, 2022 amendment and effective May 1, 2022 through November 1, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available under the NMNLC Credit Facility II was . As of the amendment on November 1, 2022, the maximum amount of revolving borrowings available to all borrowers under the NMNLC Credit Facility II is , of which is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Non-usage fee Amortization of financing costs Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the NMNLC Credit Facility II was and , respectively, and NMNLC was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the NMNLC Credit Facility II on such date. 
 Convertible Notes 
 2018 Convertible Notes On August 20, 2018, the Company closed a registered public offering of aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes (the 2018 Convertible Notes ), pursuant to an indenture, dated August 20, 2018, as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture thereto, dated August 20, 2018 (together the 2018A Indenture ). On August 30, 2018, in connection with the registered public offering, the Company issued an additional aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes pursuant to the exercise of an overallotment option by the underwriter of the 2018 Convertible Notes. On June 7, 2019, the Company closed a registered public offering of an additional aggregate 
 186 

aggregate principal amount of 2018 Convertible Notes that the Company issued in August 2018. 
 The 2018 Convertible Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, which commenced on February 15, 2019. The 2018 Convertible Notes will mature on August 15, 2023 unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the 2018A Indenture. The Company may not redeem the 2018 Convertible Notes prior to May 15, 2023. On or after May 15, 2023, the Company may redeem the 2018 Convertible Notes for cash, in whole or from time to time in part, at its option at a redemption price, subject to an exception for redemption dates occurring after a record date but on or prior to the interest payment date, equal to the sum of (i) of the principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, (ii) accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date and (iii) a make-whole premium. 
 On November 4, 2022, the Company launched a tender offer to purchase, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated November 4, 2022, up to aggregate principal amount of outstanding 2018 Convertible Notes for cash in an amount equal to per 1,000 principal amount of Notes purchased (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest on such notes) (the "Tender Offer"). The Tender Offer expired on December 6, 2022. As of the expiration of the Tender Offer, aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Tender Offer. The Company accepted for purchase all of the 2018 Convertible Notes that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at the expiration of the Tender Offer. Following settlement of the Tender Offer on December 9, 2022, approximately aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes remained outstanding. 
 No sinking fund is provided for the 2018 Convertible Notes. Holders of 2018 Convertible Notes may, at their option, convert their 2018 Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at any time on or prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2018 Convertible Notes. In addition, if certain corporate events occur, holders of the 2018 Convertible Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their 2018 Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest through, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 The 2018A Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to provide certain financial information to the holders of the 2018 Convertible Notes and the trustee if the Company ceases to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. The 2018A Indenture also includes additional financial covenants related to asset coverage. These covenants are subject to limitations and exceptions that are described in the 2018A Indenture. 
 2022 Convertible Notes On November 2, 2022, the Company closed a registered public offering of aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes (the 2022 Convertible Notes ), pursuant to an indenture, dated August 20, 2018, as supplemented by a third supplemental indenture thereto, dated November 2, 2022 (together the 2018C Indenture ). 
 The 2022 Convertible Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2023. The 2022 Convertible Notes will mature on October 15, 2025 unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the 2018C Indenture. The Company may not redeem the 2022 Convertible Notes prior to July 15, 2025. On or after July 15, 2025, the Company may redeem the 2022 Convertible Notes for cash, in whole or from time to time in part, at our option at a redemption price, subject to an exception for redemption dates occurring after a record date but on or prior to the interest payment date, equal to the sum of (i) of the principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, (ii) accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date and (iii) a make-whole premium. 
 
 187 

N/A Initial conversion rate(1) Initial conversion price Conversion premium at December 31, 2022 N/A Conversion rate at December 31, 2022(1)(2) Conversion price at December 31, 2022(2)(3) Last conversion price calculation date August 20, 2022 December 16, 2022 
 
 (1) Conversion rates denominated in shares of common stock per 1 principal amount of the Convertible Notes converted. 
 (2) Represents conversion rate and conversion price, as applicable, taking into account certain de minimis adjustments that will be made on the conversion date. 
 (3) The conversion price in effect at December 31, 2022 on the 2018 Convertible Notes was calculated on the last anniversary of the issuance and will be calculated again on the next anniversary, unless the exercise price shall have changed by more than before the anniversary. The conversion price in effect at December 31, 2022 on the 2022 Convertible Notes was calculated on December 16, 2022. 
 The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon certain events, such as stock splits and combinations, mergers, spin-offs, increases in dividends in excess of per share per quarter for the 2018 Convertible Notes and per share per quarter for the 2022 Convertible Notes and certain changes in control. Certain of these adjustments, including adjustments for increases in dividends, are subject to a conversion price floor of per share for the 2018 Convertible Notes and per share for the 2022 Convertible Notes. In no event will the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion exceed per 1 principal amount of the 2018 Convertible Notes and per 1 principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Notes. The Company has determined that the embedded conversion option in the Convertible Notes is not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under GAAP. 
 The Convertible Notes are unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness, if any, that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes; equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries and financing vehicles. As reflected in Note 12. Earnings Per Share , the issuance is considered part of the if-converted method for calculation of diluted earnings per share. 
 Amortization of financing costs Amortization of premium ) ) ) Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, amounts reported include interest and amortization of financing costs related to the 2022 Convertible Notes for the period from November 2, 2022 (issuance of the 2022 Convertible Notes) to December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance on the Convertible Notes was , and , respectively, and NMFC was in compliance with the terms of the 2018A Indenture and 2018C Indenture on such date. 
 188 

in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes (the 2016 Unsecured Notes ), pursuant to a note purchase agreement, dated May 4, 2016, to an institutional investor in a private placement. On September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an amended and restated note purchase agreement (the "NPA") and issued an additional in aggregate principal amount of 2016 Unsecured Notes to institutional investors in a private placement. On February 16, 2021, the Company repaid all in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding 2016 Unsecured Notes. On June 30, 2017, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that matured on July 15, 2022 (the "2017A Unsecured Notes"), pursuant to the NPA and a supplement to the NPA. On July 15, 2022, the Company caused notices to be issued to holders of the Company's 2017A Unsecured Notes regarding the exercise of the Company's option to repay all of the Company's in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2017A Unsecured Notes, which was repaid on July 14, 2022. On January 30, 2018, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that matured on January 30, 2023 (the "2018A Unsecured Notes") pursuant to the NPA and a second supplement to the NPA. On July 5, 2018, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on June 28, 2023 (the "2018B Unsecured Notes") pursuant to the NPA and a third supplement to the NPA (the "Third Supplement"). On April 30, 2019, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on April 30, 2024 (the "2019A Unsecured Notes") pursuant to the NPA and a fourth supplement to the NPA (the "Fourth Supplement"). On January 29, 2021, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on January 29, 2026 (the "2021A Unsecured Notes") pursuant to the NPA and a fifth supplement to the NPA (the "Fifth Supplement"). On June 15, 2022, the Company issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on June 15, 2027 (the "2022A Unsecured Notes") pursuant to the NPA and a sixth supplement to the NPA (the "Sixth Supplement"). The NPA provides for future issuances of unsecured notes in separate series or tranches. 
 The 2016 Unsecured Notes bore interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The 2017A Unsecured Notes bore interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The 2018A Unsecured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 2018B Unsecured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The 2019A Unsecured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2021A Unsecured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on January 29 and July 29 of each year, which commenced on July 29, 2021. The 2022A Unsecured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, which commenced on December 14, 2022. These interest rates are subject to increase in the event that: (i) subject to certain exceptions, the underlying unsecured notes or the Company ceases to have an investment grade rating or (ii) the aggregate amount of the Company s unsecured debt falls below . In each such event, the Company has the option to offer to prepay the underlying unsecured notes at par, in which case holders of the underlying unsecured notes who accept the offer would not receive the increased interest rate. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to prepay the underlying unsecured notes at par if the Investment Adviser, or an affiliate thereof, ceases to be the Company s investment adviser or if certain change in control events occur with respect to the Investment Adviser. 
 The NPA contains customary terms and conditions for unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, an option to offer to prepay all or a portion of the unsecured notes under its governance at par (plus a make-whole amount, if applicable), affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of the Company s status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and a RIC under the Code, minimum stockholders equity, minimum asset coverage ratio, and prohibitions on certain fundamental changes at the Company or any subsidiary guarantor, as well as customary events of default with customary cure and notice, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness of the Company or certain significant subsidiaries, certain judgments and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. The Third Supplement, Fourth Supplement, Fifth Supplement and Sixth Supplement all include additional financial covenants related to asset coverage as well as other terms. 
 On September 25, 2018, the Company closed a registered public offering of in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on October 1, 2023 (the " Unsecured Notes" and together with the 2016 Unsecured Notes, 2017A Unsecured Notes, 2018A Unsecured Notes, 2018B Unsecured Notes, 2019A Unsecured Notes, 2021A Unsecured Notes and 2022A Unsecured Notes, the "Unsecured Notes") pursuant to an indenture, dated August 20, 2018, as supplemented by a second supplemental indenture thereto, dated September 25, 2018 (together, the "2018B Indenture"). On October 17, 2018, in connection with the registered public offering, the Company issued an additional aggregate principal amount of the Unsecured Notes pursuant to the exercise of an overallotment option by the underwriters of the Unsecured Notes. 
 189 

in aggregate principal amount of the Unsecured Notes at a redemption price of plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Unsecured Notes bore interest at an annual rate of , payable quarterly on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, which commenced on January 1, 2019. The Unsecured Notes were listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under the trading symbol NMFX until September 13, 2020. On September 14, 2020, the Unsecured Notes began trading on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "NMFCL", until redeemed on March 8, 2021. 
 The Unsecured Notes are unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness, if any, that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries and financing vehicles. 
 Amortization of financing costs Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, amounts reported include interest and amortization of financing costs related to the 2022A Unsecured Notes for the period from June 15, 2022 (issuance date of the 2022A Unsecured Notes) to December 31, 2022. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2021, amounts reported include interest and amortization of financing costs related to the 2021A Unsecured Notes for the period from January 29, 2021 (issuance date of the 2021A Unsecured Notes) to December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance on the Unsecured Notes was , and , respectively, and the Company was in compliance with the terms of the NPA as of such dates, as applicable. 
 SBA-guaranteed debentures On August 1, 2014 and August 25, 2017, respectively, SBIC I and SBIC II received licenses from the SBA to operate as SBICs. 
 The SBIC licenses allow SBICs to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to the issuance of a capital commitment by the SBA and other customary procedures. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse to the Company, interest only debentures with interest payable semi-annually and have a maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior to maturity but may be prepaid at any time without penalty. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed on a semi-annual basis at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with ten year maturities. The SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to the assets of SBIC I and SBIC II over the Company's stockholders in the event SBIC I and SBIC II are liquidated or the SBA exercises remedies upon an event of default. 
 The maximum amount of borrowings available under current SBA regulations for a single licensee is 150,000 as long as the licensee has at least 75,000 in regulatory capital, receives a capital commitment from the SBA and has been through an examination by the SBA subsequent to licensing. In June 2018, legislation amended the 1958 Act by increasing the individual leverage limit from 150,000 to 175,000, subject to SBA approvals. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SBIC I had regulatory capital of and , respectively, and SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, SBIC II had regulatory capital of and , respectively, and and , respectively, of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. The SBA-guaranteed debentures incur upfront fees of , which consists of a commitment fee and a issuance discount, which are amortized over the life of the SBA-guaranteed debentures. 
 190 

September 23, 2015 September 1, 2025 September 23, 2015 September 1, 2025 March 23, 2016 March 1, 2026 September 21, 2016 September 1, 2026 September 20, 2017 September 1, 2027 March 21, 2018 March 1, 2028 Fixed SBA-guaranteed debentures(2): September 19, 2018 September 1, 2028 September 25, 2019 September 1, 2029 March 25, 2020 March 1, 2030 March 25, 2020 March 1, 2030 September 23, 2020 September 1, 2030 Total SBA-guaranteed debentures 
 
 (1) SBA-guaranteed debentures are held in SBIC I. 
 (2) SBA-guaranteed debentures are held in SBIC II. 
 Prior to pooling, the SBA-guaranteed debentures bear interest at an interim floating rate of LIBOR plus . Once pooled, which occurs in March and September each year, the SBA-guaranteed debentures bear interest at a fixed rate that is set to the current 10-year treasury rate plus a spread at each pooling date. 
 Amortization of financing costs Weighted average interest rate Effective interest rate Average debt outstanding 
 The SBIC program is designed to stimulate the flow of private investor capital into eligible small businesses, as defined by the SBA. Under SBA regulations, SBICs are subject to regulatory requirements, including making investments in SBA-eligible small businesses, investing at least 25.0 of its investment capital in eligible smaller enterprises (as defined under the 1958 Act), placing certain limitations on the financing terms of investments, regulating the types of financing, prohibiting investments in smaller businesses with certain characteristics or in certain industries and requiring capitalization thresholds that limit distributions to the Company. SBICs are subject to an annual periodic examination by an SBA examiner to determine the SBIC's compliance with the relevant SBA regulations and an annual financial audit of its financial statements that are prepared on a basis of accounting other than GAAP (such as ASC 820) by an independent auditor. As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, SBIC I and SBIC II were in compliance with SBA regulatory requirements. 
 Leverage risk factors The Company utilizes and may utilize leverage to the maximum extent permitted by the law for investment and other general business purposes. The Company's lenders will have fixed dollar claims on certain assets that are superior to the claims of the Company's common stockholders, and the Company would expect such lenders to seek recovery against these assets in the event of a default. The use of leverage also magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. Leverage may magnify interest rate risk (particularly on the Company's fixed-rate investments), which is the risk that the prices of portfolio investments will fall or rise if market interest rates for those types of securities rise or fall. As a result, leverage may cause greater changes in the Company's net asset value. Similarly, leverage may cause a sharper decline in the Company's income than if the Company had not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect the Company's ability to make distributions to its stockholders. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. The Company's 
 191 

Note 8. 
 
 Note 9. 
 , outstanding bridge financing commitments and other future funding commitments of . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities of , outstanding bridge financing commitments and other future funding commitments of . The unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and delayed draws are disclosed on the Company's Consolidated Schedules of Investments. 
 The Company also had revolving borrowings available under the Holdings Credit Facility, the DB Credit Facility, the NMFC Credit Facility, the Unsecured Management Company Revolver and the NMNLC Credit Facility II as of December 31, 2022 and revolver borrowings available under the Holdings Credit Facility, the DB Credit Facility, the NMFC Credit Facility and the Unsecured Management Company Revolver as of December 31, 2021. See Note 7. Borrowings , for details. 
 The Company may from time to time enter into financing commitment letters. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had commitment letters to purchase investments in the aggregate par amount of and , respectively, which could require funding in the future. 
 COVID-19 Developments 
 The Company's operating results and portfolio companies may be negatively impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The Company has been closely monitoring, and will continue to monitor, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including new variants of COVID-19, on all aspects of its business, including how it will impact the Company's portfolio companies, employees, due diligence, and the financial markets. Any effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and for some period thereafter. 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial performance of the Company's current and future investments will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the virus, related advisories and restrictions, and the health of the financial markets and economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. To the extent the Company's portfolio companies are adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, it may have a material adverse impact on the Company's future net investment income, the fair value of the Company's portfolio investments and the Company's financial condition. 
 While general economic conditions have improved since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company continues to see reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability both in the United States and globally. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy and most other major global economies may continue to experience downturns, and the Company anticipates its business and operations could be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the United States and other major markets. 
 
 Note 10. 
 
 192 

Table of Contents 

Distributions in excess of net realized gains ) Additional paid-in-capital ) ) ) 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, distributions paid to stockholders of the Company are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, long term capital gains or a combination thereof. Ordinary income (qualified) Capital gains Return of capital Total 
 , and , respectively. December 31, 2022(1)(2) December 31, 2021(1)(2) December 31, 2020(1)(2) Tax cost Gross unrealized appreciation on investments Gross unrealized depreciation on investments ) ) ) Total investments at fair value 
 
 (1) Includes securities purchased under collateralized agreement to resell. 
 (2) Excludes investments attributable to non-controlling interest in NMNLC. 
 At December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis differ from the amounts reflected per the Company's Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities by temporary book/tax differences primarily arising from differences between the tax and book basis of the Company's investment in securities held directly as well as through undistributed income. 
 ) ) Other temporary differences Undistributed ordinary income Unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) ) Total ) 
 The Company is subject to a 4.0 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless the Company distributes, in a timely manner as required by the Code, an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of its net ordinary income earned for the calendar year and (2) 98.2 of its capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in the calendar year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect to incur any excise taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company did not incur any excise taxes. 
 193 

Table of Contents 

Ordinary dividends Long-term capital gains Qualified dividend income Dividends received deduction Interest-related dividends(1) Qualified short-term capital gains(1) Return of capital 
 
 (1) Represents the portion of the taxable ordinary dividends eligible for exemption from U.S. withholding tax for 
 nonresident aliens and foreign corporations. 
 Dividends and distributions that were reinvested through the Company s dividend reinvestment plan are treated, for tax purposes, as if they had been paid in cash. Therefore, stockholders who participated in the dividend reinvestment plan should also refer to the information as provided in the table above. 
 194 

Table of Contents 

Note 11. 
 ) ) Distributions declared ) ) ) ) Purchase of non-controlling interest in NMNLC Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Tax reclassifications related to return of capital distributions (See Note 10) ) Net assets at December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuances of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Distributions declared ) ) ) ) Contributions related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Tax reclassifications related to return of capital distributions (See Note 10) ) Net assets at December 31, 2021 ) Issuances of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Distributions declared ) ) ) ) Contributions related to non-controlling interest in NMNLC Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Tax reclassifications related to return of capital distributions (See Note 10) ) ) Net assets at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 On November 3, 2021, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (collectively, the Agents ). The Distribution Agreement provides that the Company may issue and sell its shares from time to time through the Agents, up to worth of its common stock by means of at-the-market ("ATM") offerings. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock under the Distribution Agreement. For the same period, the Company received total accumulated net proceeds of approximately , including of offering expenses, from these sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock under the Distribution Agreement. For the same period, the Company received total accumulated net proceeds of approximately , including of offering expenses, from these sales. 
 195 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, of its common stock remain available for issuance and sale under the Distribution Agreement. 
 196 

Table of Contents 

Note 12. 
 Denominator for basic weighted average share: Basic earnings per share: Earnings per share diluted(1) Numerator for increase in net assets per share Adjustment for interest on Convertible Notes and incentive fees, net Numerator for diluted earnings per share: Denominator for basic weighted average share Adjustment for dilutive effect of Convertible Notes Denominator for diluted weighted average share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 (1) In applying the if-converted method, conversion is not assumed for purposes of computing diluted earnings per share if the effect would be anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was no anti-dilution. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there was anti-dilution. 
 197 

Table of Contents 

Net investment income Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains(2) ) ) ) Total net increase Distributions declared to stockholders from net investment income ) ) ) ) ) Net asset value at the end of the period Per share market value at the end of the period Total return based on market value(3) ) ) Total return based on net asset value(4) Shares outstanding at end of period Average weighted shares outstanding for the period Average net assets for the period Ratio to average net assets: Net investment income Total expenses, before waivers/reimbursements Total expenses, net of waivers/reimbursements Average debt outstanding Holdings Credit Facility Average debt outstanding Convertible Notes (5) Average debt outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures Average debt outstanding Unsecured Notes Average debt outstanding NMFC Credit Facility(6) Average debt outstanding DB Credit Facility(7) Average debt outstanding NMNLC Credit Facility(8) Average debt outstanding NMNLC Credit Facility II(9) Asset coverage ratio(10) Portfolio turnover 
 
 (1) Per share data is based on weighted average shares outstanding for the respective period (except for distributions declared to stockholders which is based on actual rate per share). 
 (2) Includes the effect of common stock issuances per share, which for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 were , ), , and , respectively. 
 (3) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of common stock at the opening of the first day of the year and a sale on the closing of the last business day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company's dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 (4) Total return is calculated assuming a purchase at net asset value on the opening of the first day of the year and a sale at net asset value on the last day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at the net asset value on the last day of the respective quarter. Total return does not reflect sales load. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2022, average debt outstanding includes the 2022 Convertible Notes for the period from November 2, 2022 (issuance of the 2022 Convertible Notes) to December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Under the NMFC Credit Facility, the Company may borrow in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in GBP of and borrowings denominated in EUR of that has been converted to U.S. dollars. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings denominated in GBP of that has been converted to U.S. dollars. 
 (7) For the year ended December 31, 2018, average debt outstanding represents the period from December 14, 2018 (commencement of the DB Credit Facility) to December 31, 2018. 
 (8) For the year ended December 31, 2020, average debt outstanding represents the period from January 1, 2020 to September 23, 2020 (maturity of the NMNLC Credit Facility). For the year ended December 31, 2018, average debt outstanding represents the period from September 21, 2018 (commencement of the NMNLC Credit Facility to December 31, 2018. 
 (9) For the year ended December 31, 2021, average debt outstanding represents the period from February 26, 2021 (commencement of the NMNLC Credit Facility II) to December 31, 2021. 

198 

Table of Contents 

N/A 2018 Convertible Notes N/A 2022 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes N/A NMFC Credit Facility(6) N/A DB Credit Facility N/A NMNLC Credit Facility II N/A December 31, 2021 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2018 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes N/A NMFC Credit Facility(6) N/A DB Credit Facility N/A NMNLC Credit Facility II N/A December 31, 2020 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2018 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes (not including the 5.75 Unsecured Notes) N/A 5.75 Unsecured Notes NMFC Credit Facility N/A DB Credit Facility N/A December 31, 2019 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2018 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes (not including the 5.75 Unsecured Notes) N/A 5.75 Unsecured Notes NMFC Credit Facility N/A DB Credit Facility N/A December 31, 2018 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2014 Convertible Notes N/A 2018 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes (not including the 5.75 Unsecured Notes) N/A 5.75 Unsecured Notes NMFC Credit Facility N/A DB Credit Facility N/A 
 199 

Table of Contents 

N/A 2014 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes N/A NMFC Credit Facility N/A December 31, 2016 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2014 Convertible Notes N/A Unsecured Notes N/A NMFC Credit Facility N/A December 31, 2015 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2014 Convertible Notes N/A NMFC Credit Facility N/A December 31, 2014 Holdings Credit Facility N/A 2014 Convertible Notes N/A NMFC Credit Facility N/A December 31, 2013 Holdings Credit Facility N/A SLF Credit Facility N/A 
 
 (1) The company has excluded the SBA-guaranteed debentures from this table as a result of the SEC exemptive relief that permits the Company to exclude such debentures from the definition of senior securities in the 150.0 asset coverage ratio that are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. At December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019, December 31, 2018, December 31, 2017, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company had million, million, million, million, million, million, million, million and million, respectively, in SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. At December 31, 2013, the Company had no outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures. Total asset coverage per unit including the SBA-guaranteed debentures as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019, December 31, 2018, December 31, 2017, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 is , , , , , , , and , respectively, and unchanged for the prior years. 
 (2) 
 Unsecured Notes) as they were not registered for public trading. Unsecured Notes, the amounts represent the average of the daily closing prices on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, as applicable, for (a) the period from September 28, 2018 (date of listing) through December 31, 2018, with respect to the year ended December 31, 2018, (b) the entire 2019 fiscal year, with respect to the year ended December 31, 2019 (c) the entire 2020 fiscal year, with respect to the year ended December 31, 2020. On March 8, 2021, the Unsecured Notes were redeemed. 
 (6) Under the NMFC Credit Facility, the Company may borrow in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings denominated in GBP of million and in EUR of million that 
 200 

Table of Contents 

million that has been converted to U.S. dollars. 
 
 Note 14. 
 
 Note 15. 
 per share payable on March 31, 2023 to holders of record as of March 17, 2023. 
 On January 30, 2023, the Company caused notices to be issued to holders of the Company's 2018A Unsecured Notes regarding the exercise of the Company's option to repay all of the Company's in aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding 2018A Unsecured Notes, which was repaid on January 27, 2023. 
 On February 27, 2023, Shiraz Y. Kajee, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, resigned from the Company, effective April 1, 2023. Mr. Kajee's departure is not related to any disagreement relating to the Company's accounting, strategy, management, operations, policies, regulatory matters, or practices (financial or otherwise). Mr. Kajee will remain in his current capacity through his departure on April 1, 2023. The Company has engaged an executive search firm to find its next Chief Financial Officer. 
 The Company's board of directors will appoint Laura C. Holson as the interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company upon Mr. Kajee's departure, which will become effective April 1, 2023, until the Company completes its search for Mr. Kajee's permanent successor. In addition, Ms. Holson will continue in her role as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The Investment Adviser believes that its management team, with the overall support of New Mountain Capital, is adequately staffed to support the Company. 
 
 201 

Table of Contents 

The terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" refers to New Mountain Finance Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic United States Securities and Exchange Commission filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the criteria in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on management's assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on New Mountain Finance Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, which is set forth on the following page. 
 202 

Table of Contents 

Deloitte Touche LLP 30 Rockefeller Plaza New York, NY 10112 USA Tel: 212 492 4000 Fax: 212 489 1687 www.deloitte.com 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of New Mountain Finance Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 203 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has not identified any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 204 

Table of Contents 

The terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" refers to New Mountain Finance Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of our definitive Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 205 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report 
 The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: New Mountain Finance Corporation Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 99 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 20 2 2 
 100 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 20 21 
 127 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 151 

206 

Table of Contents 

(b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1(a) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New Mountain Finance Corporation(2) 
 3.1(b) Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office of New Mountain Finance Corporation(3) 
 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New Mountain Finance Corporation(28) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of New Mountain Finance Corporation(2) 
 4.1 Form of Stock Certificate of New Mountain Finance Corporation(1) 
 4.2 Indenture by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, dated August 20, 2018(22) 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2018, relating to the 5.75 Convertible Notes Due 2023, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(22) 
 4.4 Form of Global Note 5.75 Convertible Note Due 2023 (included as part of Exhibit (4.3))(22) 
 4.5 Description of Securities 
 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2022, relating to the 7.50 Notes due 2025, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee( 4 7 
 4.7 Form of Global Note 7.50 Note Due 2025 (included as part of Exhibit 4.6))(47) 
 10.1 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, LLC(6) 
 10.2 Second Amended and Restated Administration Agreement(9) 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan(38) 
 10.4 Form of Trademark License Agreement(1) 
 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to Trademark License Agreement(4) 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and each director(1) 
 10.7 Form of Safekeeping Agreement among New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as the Administrative Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Safekeeping Agent(1) 
 10.8 Custody Agreement by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association(5) 
 10.9 Limited Liability Company Agreement of NMFC Senior Loan Program II LLC, dated March 9, 2016(11) 
 10.10 Limited Liability Company Agreement for NMFC Senior Loan Program III LLC, dated April 25, 2018(18) 
 10.11 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2017, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian(15) 
 10.12 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2018, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian (18) 
 10.13 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, conformed through Amendment No. 2, dated as of November 19, 2018, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian(23) 
 10.14 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of December 13, 2018, by and among TIAA, FSB, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent(24) 
 10.15 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of January 8, 2019, by and among Old Second National Bank, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent(25) 
 
 207 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.16 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of January 25, 2019, by and among Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, New York, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent(25) 
 10.17 Form of Third Amended and Restated to Loan and Security Agreement, conformed through the Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 7, 2019, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian(30) 
 10.18 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of May 7, 2019, by and among Fifth Third Bank, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent(30) 
 10.19 Incremental Commitment Supplement, dated as of September 6, 2019, to the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 24, 2017, as amended, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian(33) 
 10.20 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of September 6, 2019, by and among Old Second National Bank, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent(33) 
 10.21 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of September 6, 2019, by and among Raymond James, N.A., New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent(33) 
 10.22 Facility Increase Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019, by and among State Street Bank and Trust Company, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Administrative Agent(33) 
 10.23 Form of Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian(36) 
 10.24 Form of Amended and Restated Account Control Agreement among New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as the Administrative Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Securities Intermediary(1) 
 10.25 Form of Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent, dated June 4, 2014(7) 
 10.26 Form of Guarantee and Security Agreement dated June 4, 2014, among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent(7) 
 10.27 Amendment No. 1, dated December 29, 2014, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(7) 
 10.28 Amendment No. 2, dated June 26, 2015, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(10) 
 10.29 Commitment Increase Agreement, dated March 23, 2016, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(11) 
 10.30 Commitment Increase Agreement, dated May 4, 2016, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(12) 
 10.31 Commitment Increase Agreement, dated January 25, 2018, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(16) 
 10.32 Amendment No. 3, dated February 27, 2018 to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(17) 
 10.33 Amendment No. 4, dated as of July 5, 2018, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as borrower, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(20) 
 
 208 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.34 Amendment No. 5, dated as of December 12, 2018, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as borrower, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(24) 
 10.35 Commitment Increase Agreement, dated August 27, 2019 to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(31) 
 10.36 Form of Amendment No. 6, Dated December 10, 2019, to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated June 4, 2014, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Issuing Bank(34) 
 10.37 Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement relating to 5.313 Notes due 2021, dated September 30, 2016, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto(13) 
 10.38 Form of First Supplement to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement relating to 4.760 Notes due 2022, dated June 30, 2017, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto(14) 
 10.39 Form of Second Supplement to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement relating to 4.870 Notes due 2023, dated January 30, 2018, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto(16) 
 10.40 Form of Third Supplement to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement relating to 5.360 Notes due 2023, dated July 5, 2018, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto(20) 
 10.41 Form of Fourth Supplement to Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, relating to 5.494 Notes due 2024, dated April 30, 2019, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto(29) 
 10.42 Form of Fifth Supplement to Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, relating to 3.875 Notes due 2026, dated January 29, 2021, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto(38) 
 10.43 Form of Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2018, by and among New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., New Mountain Finance Corporation, as equityholder and servicer, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank, as the facility agent, the other agents from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and collateral custodian(24) 
 10.44 Form of Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2018, between New Mountain Finance Corporation, as seller, and New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., as purchaser(24) 
 10.45 Form of First Amended and Restated Loan Finance and Servicing Agreement, conformed through Amendment No. 1, dated on March 18, 2019, by and among New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., New Mountain Finance Corporation, as equityholder and servicer, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank, as the facility agent, the other agents from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and collateral custodian(28) 
 10.46 Form of Amendment No. 2 to Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2019, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the equityholder, New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., as the borrower, U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral Agent and collateral custodian, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent, agent and a lender(31) 
 10.47 Form of Amendment No. 3 to Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the equityholder, New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., as the borrower, U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral Agent and collateral custodian, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent, an agent and a lender, and the other agents and lenders party thereto(32) 
 10.48 Form of Joinder Supplement, dated as of October 16, 2019, by and among Hitachi Capital America Corporation, New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., as the borrower and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent(33) 
 10.49 Form of Amendment No. 5 to Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2019, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the equityholder, New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., as the borrower, U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral Agent and collateral custodian, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent, an agent and a lender, and the other agents and lenders party thereto(34) 
 10.50 Amended and Restated Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and NMF Investments III, L.L.C., as Lender(35) 
 10.51 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, and NMF Investment III, L.L.C., as Lender(43) 
 
 209 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.52 Form of Amendment No. 6 to Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the equityholder, New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C., as the borrower, U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral Agent and collateral custodian, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent, an agent and a lender, and the other agents and lenders party thereto(39) 
 10.53 Form of Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2021, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as the collateral manager, New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C., as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the collateral custodian(40) 
 10.54 Fee Waiver Letter Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, delivered pursuant to the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C.(40) 
 10.55 Form of Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 4, 2021, among New Mountain Finance Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders Party Hereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent(42) 
 10.56 Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C.(43) 
 10.57 Fee Waiver Letter Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, delivered pursuant to the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C.(42) 
 10.58 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by among New Mountain Finance Corporation, New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C., and New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C., on the one hand, and B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Raymond James, Inc. Associates, on the other hand(44) 
 10.59 Form of Sixth Supplement to Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, by and between New Mountain Finance Corporation and the purchasers party thereto, relating to the 5.90 Series 2022A Senior Notes due June 15, 2027( 4 5) 
 10.60 Form of Private Placement Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2022, by and among New Mountain Finance Corporation and the investor named therein, on behalf of itself and the accounts listed on Exhibit A thereto for whom such investor holds contractual and investment authority, relating to the 7.50 Convertible Notes due October 15, 2025( 46 
 14.1 Code of Ethics(31) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of New Mountain Finance Corporation: New Mountain Finance Holdings, L.L.C. (Delaware) NMF Ancora Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) NMF QID NGL Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) NMF YP Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) NMF Permian Holdings L.L.C. (Delaware) NMF HB, Inc. (Delaware) NMF TRM, L.L.C. (Delaware) NMF Pioneer, Inc. (Delaware) NMF OEC, Inc. (Delaware) New Mountain Finance DB, L.L.C. (Delaware) New Mountain Finance Servicing, L.L.C. (Delaware) New Mountain Finance SBIC G.P., L.L.C. (Delaware) New Mountain Finance SBIC II G.P., L.L.C. (Delaware) New Mountain Finance SBIC, L.P. (Delaware) New Mountain Finance SBIC II, L.P. (Delaware) New Mountain Net Lease Corporation (Maryland) 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 210 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

(1) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 (File Nos. 333-168280 and 333-172503) filed on May 9, 2011. 
 (2) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2011. 
 (3) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation and New Mountain Finance AIV Holdings Corporation report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011. 
 (4) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2011. 
 (5) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 (File Nos. 333-189706 and 333-189707) filed on April 11, 2014. 
 (6) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2014. 
 (7) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2014. 
 (8) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2015. 
 (9) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2015. 
 (10) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2015. 
 (11) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2016. 
 (12) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2016. 
 (13) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016. 
 (14) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2017. 
 (15) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2017. 
 (16) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2018. 
 (17) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation s annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2018. 
 (18) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2018. 
 (19) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2018. 
 (20) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation s report on Form 8-K filed on July 11, 2018. 
 (21) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 (File No. 333-218040) filed on August 20, 2018. 
 211 

Table of Contents 

(22) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 (File No. 333-218040) filed on September 25, 2018. 
 (23) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2018. 
 (24) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 (File No. 333-218040) filed on February 13, 2019. 
 (25) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019. 
 (26) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2019. 
 (27) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 (File No. 333-230326) filed on April 26, 2019. 
 (28) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2019. 
 (29) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2019. 
 (30) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2019. 
 (31) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2019. 
 (32) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's registration statement on Form N-2 Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 (File No. 333-230326) filed on October 25, 2019. 
 (33) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2019. 
 (34) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020. 
 (35) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2020. 
 (36) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2020. 
 (37) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2021. 
 (38) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2021. 
 (39) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021. 
 (40) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2021. 
 (41) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2021. 
 (42) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2021. 
 (43) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021. 
 (44) Previously filed in connection with new Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2021. 
 (45) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2022. 
 (46) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2022. 
 (47) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Finance Corporation's report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2022. 
 212 

Table of Contents 

Filed herewith. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 213 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 27, 2023. 
 NEW MOUNTAIN FINANCE CORPORATION By: /s/ JOHN R. KLINE John R. Kline 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE TITLE DATE By: /s/ JOHN R. KLINE President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director February 27, 2023 John R. Kline By: /s/ SHIRAZ Y. KAJEE Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 27, 2023 Shiraz Y. Kajee By: /s/ STEVEN B. KLINSKY Chairman of the Board of Directors February 27, 2023 Steven B. Klinsky By: /s/ ROBERT A. HAMWEE Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors February 27, 2023 Robert A. Hamwee By: /s/ ADAM B. WEINSTEIN Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Director February 27, 2023 Adam B. Weinstein By: /s/ ROME G. ARNOLD III Director February 27, 2023 Rome G. Arnold III By: /s/ ALICE W. HANDY Director February 27, 2023 Alice W. Handy By: /s/ DANIEL B. HEBERT Director February 27, 2023 Daniel B. Hebert By: /s/ ALFRED F. HURLEY, JR. Director February 27, 2023 Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. By: /s/ DAVID OGENS Director February 27, 2023 David Ogens 

214 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 nmfc-12312022xexhibit45.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 

Exhibit 4.5 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 The following is a brief description of the securities of New Mountain Finance Corporation (the Company, we, our or us ), registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description of our securities does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), and the full text of our charter, bylaws and the relevant indenture and supplemental indenture governing the debt securities described herein. As of December 31, 2022 and the date hereof, our common stock and the debt securities described herein are the only securities that we have registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

A. Common Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of which 100,937,026 shares are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol NMFC . No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Delaware law, our stockholders generally will not be personally liable for our debts or obligations. 
 
 Under the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, all shares of our common stock will have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and, when they are issued, are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized and declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefore. Shares of our common stock will have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There are no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are able to elect all of our directors (other than directors to be elected solely by the holders of preferred stock), and holders of less than a majority of such shares are unable to elect any director. 
 
 Delaware Law and Certain Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions Anti-Takeover Measures 
 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as summarized below, and applicable provisions of the DGCL and certain other agreements to which we are a party may make it more difficult for or prevent an unsolicited third party from acquiring control of us or changing our board of directors and management. These provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or in our management. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies furnished by them and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in our control. The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. These provisions, however, could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. 
 
 Classified Board Vacancies Removal 
 
 The classification of our board of directors and the limitations on removal of directors and filling of vacancies could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring us. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with the term of one class expiring at each annual meeting of stockholders. At each annual meeting, one class of directors is elected to a three-year term. This provision could delay for up to two years the replacement of a majority of the board of directors. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and the rights of any holders of preferred stock, any vacancy on the board of directors, however the vacancy occurs, including a vacancy due to an enlargement of the board, may only be filled by vote a majority of the directors then in office. 
 
 A director may be removed at any time at a meeting called for that purpose, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75.0 of the shares then entitled to vote for the election of the respective director. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the amended and restated bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors are elected at the meeting, by a 

stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the amended and restated bylaws. The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of directors, to inform its stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to approve a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our amended and restated bylaws do not give its board of directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 
 Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws requires a greater percentage. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the following provisions, among others, may be amended by our stockholders only by a vote of at least two-thirds of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote 
 
 the classification of our board of directors 
 
 the removal of directors 
 
 the limitation on stockholder action by written consent 
 
 the limitation of directors' personal liability to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director 
 
 the ability to call a Special Meeting of Stockholders being vested in our board of directors, the chairperson of our board, our chief executive officer and in the holders of at least fifty (50) percent of the voting power of all shares of our capital stock generally entitled to vote on the election of directors then outstanding subject to certain procedures and 
 
 the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a two-thirds supermajority vote. 
 
 The amended and restated bylaws generally can be amended by approval of (i) a majority of the total number of authorized directors or (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote. 
 
 Calling of Special Meetings by Stockholders 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board, our chief executive officer or upon the request of the holders of at least 50.0 of the voting power of all shares of our capital stock, generally entitled to vote on the election of directors then outstanding, subject to certain limitations. 
 
 Section 203 of the DGCL 
 
 We will not be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless (with certain exceptions) the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own) 15.0 or more of a corporation's voting stock. In our certificate of incorporation, we have elected not to be bound by Section 203. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 nmfc-12312022xexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of New Mountain Finance Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of New Mountain Finance Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Mountain Finance Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We also consent to the reference to us under the headings Senior Securities and Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in such Registration Statement. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 nmfc-12312022xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, John R. Kline, Chief Executive Officer of New Mountain Finance Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated this 27th day of February 2023 
 s JOHN R. KLINE John R. Kline 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 nmfc-12312022xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Shiraz Y. Kajee, Chief Financial Officer of New Mountain Finance Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of New Mountain Finance Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated this 27th day of February 2023 
 s SHIRAZ Y. KAJEE Shiraz Y. Kajee 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 nmfc-12312022xexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of New Mountain Finance Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John R. Kline, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s JOHN R. KLINE Name John R. Kline Date February 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 nmfc-12312022xexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of New Mountain Finance Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Shiraz Y. Kajee, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s SHIRAZ Y. KAJEE Name Shiraz Y. Kajee Date February 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nmfc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nmfc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nmfc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nmfc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nmfc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

