<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1602065_0001602065-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11492005</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>899857</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1960105</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4190323</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2256042</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1941507</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001602065-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001602065-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Viper Energy Partners LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001602065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				465001985
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36505
		FILM NUMBER:		23659717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST TEXAS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		432-221-7400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST TEXAS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001602065-23-000007.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 vnom-20221231.htm
 10-K

vnom-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant As Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code): ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (NASDAQ Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 The aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates was approximately billion on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on closing prices in the daily composite list for transactions on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date. As of February 17, 2023, common units representing limited partner interests and Class B units representing limited partner interests were outstanding. 

VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Glossary of Oil and Natural Gas Terms 
 ii 
 Glossary of Certain Other Terms 
 iv 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 v 
 PART I 
 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 47 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 47 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 53 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters 
 56 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 65 
 Signatures 
 S- 1 

Table of Content s 

GLOSSARY OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS TERMS 
 The following is a glossary of certain oil and natural gas industry terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report or this report ): 
 Argus WTI Midland Crude oil price index at the Permian Basin. Basin A large depression on the earth s surface in which sediments accumulate. Bbl or barrel One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in this report in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. BO One barrel of oil. BO/d BO per day. BOE One barrel of oil equivalent, with six thousand cubic feet of natural gas being equivalent to one barrel of oil. BOE/d Barrels of oil equivalent per day. British Thermal Unit or Btu The quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. Completion The process of treating a drilled well followed by the installation of permanent equipment for the production of natural gas or oil, or in the case of a dry hole, the reporting of abandonment to the appropriate agency. Condensate Liquid hydrocarbons associated with the production that is primarily natural gas. Deterministic method The method of estimating reserves or resources under which a single value for each parameter (from the geoscience, engineering or economic data) in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure. Developed acreage Acreage allocated or assignable to productive wells. Development costs Capital costs incurred in the acquisition, exploitation and exploration of proved oil and natural gas reserves. Development well A well drilled within the proved area of a natural gas or oil reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. Differential An adjustment to the price of oil or natural gas from an established spot market price to reflect differences in the quality and/or location of oil or natural gas. Dry hole or dry well A well found to be incapable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of such production exceed production expenses and taxes. Exploitation A development or other project which may target proven or unproven reserves (such as probable or possible reserves), but which generally has a lower risk than that associated with exploration projects. Field An area consisting of either a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs, all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition. Finding and development costs Capital costs incurred in the acquisition, exploitation and exploration of proved oil and natural gas reserves divided by proved reserve additions and revisions to proved reserves. Fracturing The process of creating and preserving a fracture or system of fractures in a reservoir rock typically by injecting a fluid under pressure through a wellbore and into the targeted formation. Gross acres or gross wells The total acres or wells, as the case may be, in which a working interest is owned. Horizontal drilling A drilling technique used in certain formations where a well is drilled vertically to a certain depth and then drilled at a right angle with a specified interval. Horizontal wells Wells drilled directionally horizontal to allow for development of structures not reachable through traditional vertical drilling mechanisms. MBbls Thousand barrels of crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. MBOE One thousand barrels of crude oil equivalent, determined using a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids. Mcf One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Mineral interests The interests in ownership of the resource and mineral rights, giving an owner the right to profit from the extracted resources. MMBtu One million British Thermal Units. MMcf Million cubic feet of natural gas. 
 ii 

Table of Content s 

 Net royalty acres Net mineral acres multiplied by the average lease royalty interest and other burdens. Oil and natural gas properties Tracts of land consisting of properties to be developed for oil and natural gas resource extraction. Operator The individual or company responsible for the exploration and/or production of an oil or natural gas well or lease. Plugging and abandonment Refers to the sealing off of fluids in the strata penetrated by a well so that the fluids from one stratum will not escape into another or to the surface. Regulations of all states require plugging of abandoned wells. PUD Proved undeveloped. Productive well A well that is found to be capable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of the production exceed production expenses and taxes. Prospect A specific geographic area which, based on supporting geological, geophysical or other data and also preliminary economic analysis using reasonably anticipated prices and costs, is deemed to have potential for the discovery of commercial hydrocarbons. Proved developed reserves Reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Proved reserves The estimated quantities of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved undeveloped reserves Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Recompletion The process of re-entering an existing wellbore that is either producing or not producing and completing new reservoirs in an attempt to establish or increase existing production. Reserves Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and natural gas or related substances to the market and all permits and financing required to implement the project. Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations). Reservoir A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible natural gas and/or crude oil that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is separate from other reservoirs. Resource play A set of discovered or prospective oil and/or natural gas accumulations sharing similar geologic, geographic and temporal properties, such as source rock, reservoir structure, timing, trapping mechanism and hydrocarbon type. Royalty interest An interest that gives an owner the right to receive a portion of the resources or revenues without having to carry any costs of development, which may be subject to expiration. Spacing The distance between wells producing from the same reservoir. Spacing is often expressed in terms of acres (e.g., 40-acre spacing) and is often established by regulatory agencies. Spud Commencement of actual drilling operations. Standardized measure The present value of estimated future net revenue to be generated from the production of proved reserves, determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC (using prices and costs in effect as of the date of estimation), less future development, production and income tax expenses, and discounted at 10 per annum to reflect the timing of future net revenue. Tight formation A formation with low permeability that produces natural gas with very low flow rates for long periods of time. Undeveloped acreage Lease acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of economic quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. Waha Hub West Texas natural gas index. Wellbore The hole drilled by the bit that is equipped for oil or natural gas production on a completed well. Working interest An operating interest that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on the property and receive a share of production and requires the owner to pay a share of the costs of drilling and production operations. WTI West Texas Intermediate. WTI Cushing Sweet light crude oil in Cushing, Oklahoma. 
 
 iii 

Table of Content s 

 GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN OTHER TERMS 
 The following is a glossary of certain other terms used in this report: 
 Adjusted EBITDA Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, generally equals its net income (loss) plus net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest before interest expense, net, non-cash unit-based compensation expense, depletion expense, non-cash (gain) loss on derivative instruments and provision for (benefit from) income taxes, which measure is used by management to more effectively evaluate the operating performance and determine distributable amounts for purposes of the distribution policy. 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update. Delaware Act Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act. Diamondback Diamondback Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Diamondback E P LLC A subsidiary of Diamondback. EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Exchange Act The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. General Partner Viper Energy Partners GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; the general partner of the Partnership and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Diamondback. IPO The partnership s initial public offering of common units. LTIP Viper Energy Partners LP Long Term Incentive Plan. OPEC Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. Operating Company Viper Energy Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a consolidated subsidiary of Viper Energy Partners LP. Partnership Viper Energy Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership. Partnership agreement The second amended and restated agreement of limited partnership, dated as of May 9, 2018, as amended as of May 10, 2018. Ryder Scott Ryder Scott Company, L.P. SEC Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities Act The Securities Act of 1933, as amended. SOFR The secured overnight financing rate Notes The 5.375 Senior Notes due 2027 issued on October 16, 2019. 
 
 iv 

Table of Content s 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our: future performance; business strategy; future operations; estimates and projections of operating income, losses, costs and expenses, returns, cash flow, and financial position; production levels on properties in which we have mineral and royalty interests, developmental activity by other operators; reserve estimates and our ability to replace or increase reserves; anticipated benefits of strategic transactions (including acquisitions and divestitures); and plans and objectives of management (including Diamondback s plans for developing our acreage and our cash distribution policy and repurchases of our common units and/or senior notes) are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words aim, anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, guidance, intend, may, model, outlook, plan, positioned, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would, and similar expressions (including the negative of such terms) as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Although we believe that the expectations and assumptions reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, they involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, in many cases, beyond our control. Accordingly, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance and the actual outcomes could differ materially from what we expressed in our forward-looking statements. 
 
 Factors that could cause the outcomes to differ materially include (but are not limited to) the following: 
 
 Changes in supply and demand levels for oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, and the resulting impact on the price for those commodities; 
 the impact of public health crises, including epidemic or pandemic diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and any related company or government policies or actions; 
 actions taken by the members of OPEC and Russia affecting the production and pricing of oil, as well as other domestic and global political, economic, or diplomatic developments; 
 changes in general economic, business or industry conditions, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates and concerns over a potential economic downturn or recession; 
 regional supply and demand factors, including delays, curtailment delays or interruptions of production on our mineral and royalty acreage, or governmental orders, rules or regulations that impose production limits on such acreage; 
 federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing, including the effect of existing and future laws and governmental regulations; 
 physical and transition risks relating to climate change; 
 restrictions on the use of water, including limits on the use of produced water by our operators and a moratorium on new produced water well permits recently imposed by the Texas Railroad Commission in an effort to control induced seismicity in the Permian Basin; 
 significant declines in prices for oil, natural gas, or natural gas liquids, which could require recognition of significant impairment charges; 
 changes in U.S. energy, environmental, monetary and trade policies; 
 conditions in the capital, financial and credit markets, including the availability and pricing of capital for drilling and development by our operators and environmental and social responsibility projects undertaken by Diamondback and our other operators; 
 changes in availability or cost of rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies and oilfield services impacting our operators; 
 changes in safety, health, environmental, tax, and other regulations or requirements impacting us or our operators (including those addressing air emissions, water management, or the impact of global climate change); 
 security threats, including cybersecurity threats and disruptions to our business from breaches of our information technology systems, or from breaches of information technology systems of our operators or third parties with whom we transact business; 
 lack of, or disruption in, access to adequate and reliable transportation, processing, storage, and other facilities impacting our operators; 
 severe weather conditions; 
 v 

Table of Content s 

 acts of war or terrorist acts and the governmental or military response thereto; 
 changes in the financial strength of counterparties to the credit agreement and hedging contracts of our operating subsidiary; 
 changes in our credit rating; and 
 other risks and factors disclosed in this report. 
 
 In light of these factors, the events anticipated by our forward-looking statements may not occur at the time anticipated or at all. Moreover, new risks emerge from time to time. We cannot predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking statements we may make. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made in this report. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, if earlier, as of the date they were made. We do not intend to, and disclaim any obligation to, update or revise any forward-looking statements unless required by applicable law. 
 
 vi 

Table of Content s 

 PART I 
 
 References in this Annual Report to (i) Viper Energy Partners, Viper, the Partnership, our partnership, we, our, us or like terms refer to Viper Energy Partners LP individually and collectively with its subsidiary, Viper Energy Partners LLC, as the context requires; (ii) our General Partner refers to Viper Energy Partners GP LLC, our General Partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc.; and (iii) the Operating Company or OpCo refers to Viper Energy Partners LLC, and (iv) Diamondback refers collectively to Diamondback Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries other than the Partnership and its subsidiary. 
 
 ITEMS 1 and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership formed by Diamondback to own and acquire mineral and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties primarily in the Permian Basin. We are treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Our primary business objective is to provide an attractive return to our unitholders by focusing on business results, generating robust free cash flow, reducing debt and protecting our balance sheet, while maintaining a best-in-class cost structure. Our initial assets consisted of mineral and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin in West Texas, substantially all of which are leased to working interest owners who bear the costs of operation and development. 
 
 We are currently focused primarily on oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin, which is one of the oldest and most prolific producing basins in North America. The Permian Basin, which consists of approximately 75,000 square miles centered around Midland, Texas, has been a significant source of oil production since the 1920s. The Permian Basin is known to have a number of zones of oil and natural gas bearing rock throughout. 
 
 Significant 2022 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , in individually insignificant transactions, we acquired from unrelated third-party sellers, mineral and royalty interests representing 375 net royalty acres in the Permian Basin for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately 65.9 million, including certain customary closing adjustments. We funded these acquisitions with cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we divested 325 net royalty acres of third party operated acreage located entirely in Upton and Reagan counties in the Midland Basin for an aggregate net sales price of 29.3 million, including customary closing adjustments. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we divested 93 net royalty acres of third party operated acreage located entirely in Loving county in the Delaware Basin for an aggregate net sales price of 29.9 million, including customary closing adjustments. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we divested our entire position in the Eagle Ford Shale, consisting of 681 net royalty acres of third party operated acreage for an aggregate net sales price of 53.8 million, including certain customary closing adjustments. 
 
 Our Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our assets consisted of mineral and royalty interests underlying 775,180 gross acres and 26,315 net royalty acres in the Permian Basin. Diamondback is the operator of approximately 57 of our net royalty acreage. As of December 31, 2022, there were 8,260 wells producing on this acreage, of which Diamondback was the operator of 2,558 wells. Net production during the fourth quarter of 2022 was approximately 34,935 BOE/d and net production for the year ended December 31, 2022 averaged 33,649 BOE/d. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, royalty income generated from these mineral and royalty interests was 838.0 million, 501.5 million and 247.0 million, respectively. 
 
 1 

Table of Content s 

 The estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves of our assets, as of December 31, 2022, were 148,900 MBOE based on reserve estimates prepared by our internal reservoir engineers and audited by Ryder Scott, an independent petroleum engineering firm. Of these reserves, approximately 72 were classified as proved developed producing reserves. Proved undeveloped, or PUD, reserves included in this estimate were from 525 gross horizontal well locations. As of December 31, 2022, our proved reserves were approximately 53 oil, 23 natural gas liquids and 24 natural gas. 
 
 Our Relationship with Diamondback 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our General Partner had a 100 general partner interest in us, and Diamondback owned 731,500 common units and beneficially owned all of our 90,709,946 outstanding Class B units, collectively, representing approximately 56 of our total units outstanding. Diamondback also owns and controls our General Partner. We believe that the properties held by Diamondback include properties that have, or with additional development will have, production and reserves characteristics that could make them attractive for inclusion in our partnership. We believe Diamondback s significant ownership in us will motivate it to offer additional mineral and other interests in oil and natural gas properties to us in the future, although Diamondback has no obligation to do so and may elect to dispose of mineral and other interests in such properties without offering us the opportunities to acquire them. 
 
 We believe Diamondback views our partnership as part of its business strategy and that Diamondback will be incentivized to pursue acquisitions jointly with us in the future. However, Diamondback will regularly evaluate acquisitions and may elect to acquire properties without offering us the opportunity to participate in such transactions. Moreover, Diamondback may not be successful in identifying potential acquisitions. Diamondback is free to act in a manner that is beneficial to its interests without regard to ours, which may include electing not to present us with acquisition or disposition opportunities. 
 
 In addition, neither we, the Operating Company nor our General Partner has any employees. Diamondback provides management, operating and administrative services to us and our General Partner. Please read Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, each of which is included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Business Strategies 
 
 Our primary business objective is to generate the highest value proposition for our unitholders through a focus on increasing long-term per unit growth and returns by generating robust free cash flow, reducing debt and protecting our balance sheet. We intend to accomplish this objective by executing the following strategies: 
 
 Capitalize on the development of the properties underlying our mineral interests to grow our cash flow . We expect the production from our mineral interests will increase as Diamondback and our other operators continue to drill, complete and develop our acreage. We expect to capitalize on this development, which requires no capital expenditure funding from us, and believe the anticipated increase in our aggregate royalty payment receipts will enable us to grow our cash flows. 
 
 Leverage our relationship with Diamondback to participate with it in acquisitions of mineral or other interests in producing properties from third parties and to increase the size and scope of our potential third party acquisition targets . We have in the past and intend to continue to make opportunistic acquisitions of mineral and other interests that have substantial oil-weighted resource potential and organic growth potential. Through our relationships with Diamondback and its affiliates, we have access to their significant pool of management talent and industry relationships, which we believe provide us with a competitive advantage in pursuing potential third party acquisition opportunities. For example, we and Diamondback may pursue an acquisition where Diamondback would acquire working and revenue interests in properties and we would acquire mineral or royalty interests in such properties either in the same or subsequent transactions, similar to Diamondback s acquisition of certain assets from Guidon Operating LLC and our acquisition of certain mineral and royalty interests from Swallowtail Royalties LLC and Swallowtail Royalties II LLC in October 2021, which we refer to in this report as the Swallowtail Acquisition. 
 
 Seek to acquire from Diamondback, from time to time, mineral or other interests in producing oil and natural gas properties that meet our acquisition criteria . Since our formation, we have acquired, and may have additional opportunities from time to time in the future to acquire, mineral or other interests in producing oil and natural gas properties directly from Diamondback. We believe Diamondback may be incentivized to sell properties to us, as doing so may enhance Diamondback s economic returns by monetizing long-lived producing properties while potentially retaining a portion of the resulting cash flow through distributions on Diamondback s limited partner interests in us. 
 2 

Table of Content s 

 However, neither Diamondback nor any of its affiliates are contractually obligated to offer or sell any interests in properties to us. 
 
 High-grade our asset base. We intend to continue to high-grade our asset base and selectively divest non-core minerals with limited optionality when the amount negotiated exceeds our projected total value and then redeploy proceeds into our core areas of focus. 
 
 Maintain a conservative capital structure to allow financial flexibility. Since our formation, we have maintained a conservative capital structure that has allowed us to opportunistically purchase accretive mineral and other interests. We are committed to maintaining a conservative leverage profile, and will continue to seek to opportunistically fund accretive acquisitions. In addition to making distributions in accordance with our distribution policy, we intend to continue to repay debt using free cash flow to ensure our ability to successfully operate in challenging business and commodity price environments. 
 
 Hedge to manage commodity price risk and to protect our balance sheet and cash flow . We use a combination of derivative instruments to economically hedge exposure to changes in commodity prices and maintain financial and balance sheet flexibility. 
 
 Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe the following competitive strengths will allow us to successfully execute our business strategies and achieve our primary business objective: 
 
 Oil rich resource base in one of North America s leading resource plays . As of December 31, 2022, 340 horizontal drilling rigs were operating in the Permian Basin, representing 45 of the total U.S. onshore horizontal rig activity. The majority of our current properties is well positioned in the core of both the Midland and Delaware Basins in the Permian Basin. Production on our properties for the year ended December 31, 2022 and our estimated net proved reserves are heavily oil-weighted. 
 
 Sustainable, high margin business unburdened by capital expenses with minimal operating expenses. Our mineral and royalty interests provide us cash flows without the requirement to fund drilling and completion costs or lease operating expenses. Our operating costs consist of certain royalty taxes, gathering, processing, marketing and transportation costs and general and administrative expenses, providing us with a low cost structure and high operating margins that generate increasing free cash flow growth in a stable or rising price environment as the underlying production associated with our royalty interests continues to grow. 
 
 Experienced and proven management team . The members of our executive team have significant industry experience, most of which has been focused on resource play development in the Permian Basin. This team has a proven track record of executing on multi-rig development drilling programs and extensive experience in the Permian Basin. In addition, our executive team has significant experience with property acquisition. We expect to benefit from the industry relationships of the management team. We believe the experience of our management team is essential for the execution of our business strategy. 
 
 Favorable and stable operating environment. We primarily focus our growth in the Permian Basin, one of the oldest, most prolific hydrocarbon basins in the United States, with a long and well-established production history and developed infrastructure. With over 350,000 wells drilled in the Permian Basin since the 1940s, we believe that the geological and regulatory environment is more stable and predictable, and that we are faced with fewer operational risks, in the Permian Basin as compared to emerging hydrocarbon basins. We believe that the impact of the proven application of new technology, combined with the substantial geological information available about the Permian Basin, also reduces the risk of development and exploration activities on our mineral and royalty acreage as compared to emerging hydrocarbon basins. 
 
 3 

Table of Content s 

 Oil and Natural Gas Data 
 
 Proved Reserves 
 
 Evaluation and Review of Reserves 
 
 The estimated reserves as of December 31, 2022 are based on reserve estimates prepared by our internal reservoir engineers and audited by Ryder Scott, an independent petroleum engineering firm. Our historical reserve estimates as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were prepared by Ryder Scott. The internal and external technical persons responsible for preparing or auditing our proved reserve estimates meet the requirements with regards to qualifications, independence, objectivity and confidentiality set forth in the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Ryder Scott is a third party engineering firm and does not own an interest in any of our properties and is not employed by us on a contingent basis. The purpose of Ryder Scott s audit was to provide additional assurance on the reasonableness of internally prepared reserve estimates for 2022. The proved reserve audit performed by Ryder Scott for 2022 covered 100 of our total proved reserves. A copy of the summary audit report prepared by Ryder Scott is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report. 
 
 Under SEC rules, proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. If deterministic methods are used, the SEC has defined reasonable certainty for proved reserves as a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. All of our proved reserves as of December 31, 2022 were estimated using a deterministic method. 
 
 The estimation of reserves involves two distinct determinations. The first determination results in the estimation of the quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas and the second determination results in the estimation of the uncertainty associated with those estimated quantities in accordance with the definitions established under SEC rules. The process of estimating the quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves relies on the use of certain generally accepted analytical procedures. These analytical procedures fall into three broad categories or methods: (1) performance-based methods, (2) volumetric-based methods and (3) analogy. These methods may be used singularly or in combination by the reserve evaluator in the process of estimating the quantities of reserves. In general, our proved producing reserves attributable to producing wells were estimated by performance methods. These performance methods include, but may not be limited to, decline curve analysis, which utilized extrapolations of available historical production and pressure data. In certain cases where there was inadequate historical performance data to establish a definitive trend and where the use of production performance data as a basis for the estimates was considered to be inappropriate, the proved producing reserves were estimated by analogy, or a combination of performance and analogy methods. The analogy method was used where there were inadequate historical performance data to establish a definitive trend and where the use of production performance data as a basis for the reserve estimates was considered to be inappropriate. All proved developed non-producing and undeveloped reserves were estimated by the analogy method. 
 
 To estimate economically recoverable proved reserves and related future net cash flows, we considered many factors and assumptions, including the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological, geophysical and engineering data which cannot be measured directly, economic criteria based on current costs and the SEC pricing requirements and forecasts of future production rates. To establish reasonable certainty with respect to our estimated proved reserves, the technologies and economic data used in the estimation of our proved reserves included production and well test data, downhole completion information, geologic data, electrical logs, radioactivity logs, core analyses, available seismic data and historical well cost and operating expense data. 
 
 The process of estimating oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves is complex and requires significant judgment, as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. As a result, our petroleum engineers and geoscience professionals that have an internal controls process to ensure the integrity, accuracy and timeliness of the data used to calculate our proved reserves relating to our assets in the Permian Basin. Our internal technical staff met with our independent reserve auditors periodically during their audit of the period covered by the reserve report to discuss the assumptions and methods used in our proved reserve estimation process. As part of the audit process, we provide historical information to the independent reserve auditors for our properties such as ownership interest, oil and gas production, well test data, commodity prices and operating and development costs. The Senior Vice President of Reservoir Engineering of our General Partner is primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of all of our reserve estimates and overseeing communications with our independent reserve auditor. The Senior Vice President of Reservoir Engineering is a petroleum engineer with over 19 years of reservoir and operations experience and our geoscience staff has an average of approximately 14 years of industry experience per person. Our technical staff uses historical information for our properties such as ownership interest, oil and natural gas production, well test 
 4 

Table of Content s 

 data, commodity prices and operating and development costs used to estimate economic lives of our properties. Ryder Scott performed an independent analysis during its audit of our estimated reserves for 2022 and any differences were reviewed with our Senior Vice President of Reservoir Engineering. For 2022, our reserve auditor s estimates of our proved reserves did not differ materially from our estimates by more than the established audit tolerance guidelines of ten percent. 
 
 The internal control procedures utilized in the preparation of our proved reserve estimates are intended to ensure reliability of reserve estimations, and include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
 review and verification of historical production data, which is based on actual production as reported by our operators; 
 preparation of reserve estimates by the primary reserve engineers of our General Partner or under their direct supervision; 
 review by the primary reserve engineers of all of our reported proved reserves at the close of each quarter, including the review of all significant reserve changes and all new proved undeveloped reserves additions; 
 review of historical realized commodity prices and differentials from index prices compared to the differentials used in the reserves database; 
 direct reporting responsibilities by the Senior Vice President of Reservoir Engineering to the Chief Executive Officer of our General Partner and by the current primary reserve engineer to the President of our General Partner; 
 prior to finalizing the reserve report, a review of our preliminary proved reserve estimates by our President and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President of Reservoir Engineering and our primary reserves engineers takes place on an annual basis; 
 review of our proved reserve estimates by our Audit Committee with our executive team and Ryder Scott on an annual basis; 
 verification of property ownership by our land department; and 
 no employee s compensation is tied to the amount of reserves booked. 
 
 The following table presents our estimated net proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, which were prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. All of our proved reserves included in the reserve reports are located in the continental United States. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Estimated proved developed reserves: Oil (MBbls) 54,817 49,280 40,220 Natural gas (MMcf) 161,119 134,485 93,617 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 25,621 19,476 16,724 Total (MBOE) 107,291 91,170 72,547 Estimated proved undeveloped reserves: Oil (MBbls) 24,187 19,960 17,310 Natural gas (MMcf) 48,845 49,205 25,833 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 9,281 8,557 5,229 Total (MBOE) 41,609 36,718 26,845 Estimated net proved reserves: Oil (MBbls) 79,004 69,240 57,530 Natural gas (MMcf) 209,964 183,690 119,450 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 34,902 28,033 21,953 Total (MBOE) (1) 
 148,900 127,888 99,392 Percent proved developed 72 71 73 
 (1) Estimates of reserves as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were prepared using the unweighted arithmetic average of hydrocarbon prices received on a field-by-field basis on the first day of each month within the 12-month periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in accordance with SEC guidelines. Reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for undeveloped acreage. The reserve estimates represent our net revenue interest in our properties. Although we believe these estimates are reasonable, actual future production, cash flows, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves may vary substantially from these estimates. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks and uncertainties associated with our estimates of proved reserves and related factors, and see Note 14 Supplemental 
 5 

Table of Content s 

 Information on Oil and Natural Gas Operations and Critical Accounting Estimates for further discussion of our reserve estimates and pricing. 
 
 Proved Undeveloped Reserves 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our PUD reserves totaled 24,187 MBbls of oil, 48,845 MMcf of natural gas and 9,281 MBbls of natural gas liquids, for a total of 41,609 MBOE. PUDs will be converted from undeveloped to developed as the applicable wells begin production. Our PUD reserves were from 525 horizontal wells, of which Diamondback is the operator of 510 wells with ConocoPhillips operating the remaining wells. Of the horizontal locations, 166 are Wolfcamp A wells, 141 are Lower Spraberry wells, 37 are Wolfcamp B wells, 153 are Middle Spraberry/Jo Mill wells and 28 are Bone Spring wells. 
 
 The following table includes the changes in PUD reserves for 2022: 
 (MBOE) Beginning proved undeveloped reserves at December 31, 2021 
 36,718 Undeveloped reserves transferred to developed (6,758) Revisions (3,675) Purchases 367 Extensions and discoveries 14,957 Ending proved undeveloped reserves at December 31, 2022 
 41,609 
 
 The increase in proved undeveloped reserves was primarily attributable to additions of 14,957 MBOE, primarily from 199 horizontal well locations attributable to extensions resulting from strategic drilling of wells to delineate our acreage position and acquisitions of 367 MBOE, partially offset by the conversion of PUD reserves into proved developed reserves of 6,758 MBOE. Downward revisions of 3,675 MBOE were primarily attributable to PUD downgrades of 7,007 MBOE, which were partially offset by other positive revisions. 
 
 All of our PUD drilling locations are scheduled to be drilled within five years from the date they were initially recorded. As of December 31, 2022, none of our total proved reserves were classified as proved developed non-producing. 
 
 Oil and Natural Gas Production Prices and Production Costs 
 
 Production and Price History 
 
 We operate primarily in the Midland and Delaware Basins of the Permian Basin in Texas. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin each contained 15 or more of our total proved reserves. 
 
 6 

Table of Content s 

 The following table sets forth information regarding our share of our operators net production of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids for these fields along with our share of our operators net production from fields containing less than 15 of our total proved reserves: 
 Midland Delaware Other (1) 
 Total Production Data: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Oil (MBbls) 5,219 1,765 113 7,097 Natural gas (MMcf) 10,648 4,864 356 15,868 Natural gas liquids (MBbl) 1,859 617 64 2,540 Combined volumes (MBOE) 8,853 3,193 236 12,282 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Oil (MBbls) 4,220 1,730 118 6,068 Natural gas (MMcf) 8,756 4,570 346 13,672 Natural gas liquids (MBbl) 1,351 490 72 1,913 Combined volumes (MBOE) 7,030 2,982 248 10,260 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Oil (MBbls) 4,013 1,787 156 5,956 Natural gas (MMcf) 7,136 3,962 388 11,486 Natural gas liquids (MBbl) 1,279 484 85 1,848 Combined volumes (MBOE) 6,481 2,931 306 9,718 
 (1) Production data includes the Eagle Ford Shale through October 1, 2022, the effective date on which the properties were divested. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain price and cost information for each of the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Prices: Oil (per Bbl) 94.02 65.51 36.58 Natural gas (per Mcf) 5.24 3.60 0.79 Natural gas liquids (per Bbl) 34.47 28.66 10.88 Combined (per BOE) 68.23 48.88 25.41 Oil, hedged /Bbl) (1) 
 92.85 50.25 32.00 Natural gas, hedged /Mcf) (1) 
 4.20 3.60 0.02 Natural gas liquids /Bbl) (1) 
 34.47 28.66 10.88 Combined price, hedged /BOE) (1) 
 66.21 39.86 21.71 
 (1) Hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices. Our calculation of such effects include realized gains and losses on cash settlements for matured commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting. 
 
 Productive Wells 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned an average 3.8 net revenue interest in 8,260 gross productive wells, including an average 3.8 net revenue interest in 7,985 gross oil productive wells and an average 2.1 net revenue interest in 275 gross natural gas productive wells. As of December 31, 2022, we had 34 gross wells with an average 7.5 net revenue interest in process of being drilled by Diamondback. The expected timing of these wells is based primarily on permitting by third party operators or Diamondback s current expected completion schedule. Productive wells consist of producing wells capable of production, including natural gas awaiting pipeline connections to commence deliveries and oil wells awaiting connection to production facilities. Gross wells are the total number of producing wells in which we have an interest. 
 7 

Table of Content s 

 Acreage 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 relating to the gross and net royalty acreage of our mineral interests: 
 Basin Gross Royalty Acreage Net Royalty Acreage Delaware 502,003 14,944 Midland 273,177 11,371 Total acreage 775,180 26,315 
 
 Our net interest in production from our mineral interests is based on lease royalty terms which vary from property to property. Our interest in the majority of these properties is perpetual in nature, however an insignificant portion of our net royalty acreage consists of overriding royalty interests which may be subject to expiration. Net royalty acres are defined as net mineral acres multiplied by the average lease royalty interest and other burdens. 
 
 Title to Properties 
 
 Prior to the drilling of an oil or natural gas well, it is the normal practice in our industry for the person or company acting as the operator of the well to obtain a preliminary title review to ensure there are no obvious defects in title to the well. Frequently, as a result of such examinations, certain curative work must be done to correct defects in the marketability of the title, and such curative work entails expense. Our operators failure to cure any title defects may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest, which may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase production and reserves. Additionally, undeveloped acreage has greater risk of title defects than developed acreage. If there are any title defects or defects in the assignment of leasehold rights in properties in which we hold an interest, our business and cash available for distribution may be adversely affected. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with other companies that may have greater resources. Many of these companies explore for and produce oil and natural gas, carry on midstream and refining operations and market petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. These companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties, mineral interests and exploratory prospects or to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. In addition, these companies may have a greater ability to continue exploration activities during periods of low oil and natural gas market prices than operators of our mineral and royalty acreage. Our larger or more integrated competitors may be able to absorb the burden of existing, and any changes to, federal, state and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. 
 
 Our ability to acquire additional mineral, royalty, overriding royalty, net profits and similar interests in the future will be dependent upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. In addition, because we have fewer financial and human resources than many companies in our industry, we may be at a disadvantage in bidding for these and other oil and natural gas properties. Further, oil and natural gas compete with other forms of energy available to customers, primarily based on price. Changes in the availability or price of oil and natural gas or other forms of energy, as well as business conditions, conservation, legislation, regulations and the ability to convert to alternate fuels and other forms of energy may affect the demand for oil and natural gas. 
 
 Seasonal Nature of Business 
 
 Generally, demand for oil increases during the summer months and decreases during the winter months while natural gas decreases during the summer months and increases during the winter months. Certain natural gas users utilize natural gas storage facilities and purchase some of their anticipated winter requirements during the summer, which can lessen seasonal demand fluctuations. Seasonal weather conditions such as the severe winter storms in the Permian Basin in early 2021, and lease stipulations, can limit drilling and producing activities and other oil and natural gas operations in a portion of our operating areas. These seasonal anomalies can pose challenges for our operators in meeting well drilling objectives and can increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay operations. 
 
 8 

Table of Content s 

 Regulation 
 
 The following disclosure describes regulation more directly associated with operators of oil and natural gas properties, including our current operators, and other owners of working interests in oil and natural gas properties. To the extent we elect in the future to engage in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas properties, we would be directly subject to the same regulations described below. For purposes of this section, where applicable, references to we, us, and our refer to Viper Energy Partners LP to the extent the partnership were to acquire working interests in the future as well as to any operators of our properties, including our current operators. 
 Oil and natural gas operations are subject to various types of legislation, regulation and other legal requirements enacted by governmental authorities. This legislation and regulation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion. Some of these requirements carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Oil and natural gas exploration, development and production operations are subject to stringent laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Numerous federal, state and local governmental agencies, such as the EPA, issue regulations that often require difficult and costly compliance measures that carry substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties and may result in injunctive obligations for non-compliance. These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit before drilling commences, restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with drilling and production activities, limit or prohibit construction or drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, ecologically or seismically sensitive areas, and other protected areas, require action to prevent or remediate pollution from current or former operations, such as plugging abandoned wells or closing pits, result in the suspension or revocation of necessary permits, licenses and authorizations, require that additional pollution controls be installed and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations. 
 
 Liability under such laws and regulations is often strict (i.e., no showing of fault is required) and can be joint and several. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or other waste products into the environment. Changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes that result in more stringent and costly pollution control or waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements could materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 
 Waste Handling 
 
 The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, or the RCRA, as amended, and comparable state statutes and regulations promulgated thereunder, affect oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities by imposing requirements regarding the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. With federal approval, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of the RCRA, sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. Although most wastes associated with the exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas are exempt from regulation as hazardous wastes under the RCRA, such wastes may constitute solid wastes that are subject to the less stringent non-hazardous waste requirements. Moreover, the EPA or state or local governments may adopt more stringent requirements for the handling of non-hazardous wastes or categorize some non-hazardous wastes as hazardous for future regulation. Indeed, legislation has been proposed from time to time in the U.S. Congress to re-categorize certain oil and natural gas exploration, development and production wastes as hazardous wastes. Also, in December 2016, the EPA agreed in a consent decree to review its regulation of oil and natural gas waste. However, in April 2019, the EPA concluded that revisions to the federal regulations for the management of oil and natural gas waste are not necessary at this time. Any changes in such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures and operating expenses. 
 
 Administrative, civil and criminal penalties can be imposed for failure to comply with waste handling requirements. Any legislative or regulatory reclassification of oil and natural gas exploration and production wastes could increase the costs to manage and dispose of wastes. 
 
 9 

Table of Content s 

 Remediation of Hazardous Substances 
 
 The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, which we refer to as CERCLA or the Superfund law, and analogous state laws, generally impose liability, without regard to fault or legality of the original conduct, on classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the current owner or operator of a contaminated facility, a former owner or operator of the facility at the time of contamination, and those persons that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substance at the facility. Under CERCLA and comparable state statutes, persons deemed responsible parties are subject to strict liability that, in some circumstances, may be joint and several for the costs of removing or remediating previously disposed wastes (including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators) or property contamination (including groundwater contamination), for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. In addition, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. In the course of our operations, we use materials that, if released, would be subject to CERCLA and comparable state statutes. Therefore, governmental agencies or third parties may seek to hold us responsible under CERCLA and comparable state statutes for all or part of the costs to clean up sites at which such hazardous substances have been released. 
 
 Water Discharges 
 
 The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, also known as the Clean Water Act, or the CWA, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Oil Pollution Act, or the OPA, and analogous state laws and regulations promulgated thereunder impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the unauthorized discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other gas and oil wastes, into navigable waters of the United States, as well as state waters. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or the state. Spill prevention, control and countermeasure plan requirements under federal law require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent the contamination of navigable waters in the event of a petroleum hydrocarbon tank spill, rupture or leak. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit the discharge of dredge and fill material into regulated waters, including jurisdictional wetlands, unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. 
 
 The scope of waters regulated under the CWA has fluctuated in recent years. On June 29, 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, or the Corps, jointly promulgated final rules redefining the scope of waters protected under the CWA. However, on October 22, 2019, the agencies published a final rule to repeal the 2015 rules, and then, on April 21, 2020, the EPA and the Corps published a final rule replacing the 2015 rule, and significantly reducing the waters subject to federal regulation under the CWA. On August 30, 2021, a federal court struck down the replacement rule and, on December 30, 2022, the EPA and the Corps published a final rule that would restore water protections that were in place prior to 2015. Meanwhile, in October 2022, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in a case addressing the proper test for determining whether wetlands are waters of the United States. As a result of such recent developments, substantial uncertainty exists regarding the scope of waters protected under the CWA. To the extent the rules expand the range of properties subject to the CWA s jurisdiction, we or third-party operators could face increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for dredge and fill activities in wetland areas. 
 
 The EPA has also adopted regulations requiring certain oil and natural gas exploration and production facilities to obtain individual permits or coverage under general permits for storm water discharges. In addition, on June 28, 2016, the EPA published a final rule prohibiting the discharge of wastewater from onshore unconventional oil and natural gas extraction facilities to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants, which regulations are discussed in more detail below under the caption Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing. Costs may be associated with the treatment of wastewater or developing and implementing storm water pollution prevention plans, as well as for monitoring and sampling the storm water runoff from certain of our facilities. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. 
 
 The OPA is the primary federal law for oil spill liability. The OPA contains numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to petroleum releases into waters of the United States, including the requirement that operators of offshore facilities and certain onshore facilities near or crossing waterways must develop and maintain facility response contingency plans and maintain certain significant levels of financial assurance to cover potential environmental cleanup and restoration costs. The OPA subjects owners of facilities to strict liability that, in some circumstances, may be joint and several for all containment and cleanup costs and certain other damages arising from a release, including, but not limited to, the costs of responding to a release of oil to surface waters. 
 
 10 

Table of Content s 

 Non-compliance with the CWA or the OPA may result in substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties, as well as injunctive obligations. 
 
 Air Emissions 
 
 The federal Clean Air Act, or the CAA, as amended, and comparable state laws and regulations, regulate emissions of various air pollutants through the issuance of permits and the imposition of other requirements. The EPA has developed, and continues to develop, stringent regulations governing emissions of air pollutants at specified sources. New facilities may be required to obtain permits before work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to obtain additional permits and incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. For example, on August 16, 2012, the EPA published final regulations under the federal CAA that establish new emission controls for oil and natural gas production and processing operations, which are discussed in more detail below in Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing. Also, on May 12, 2016, the EPA issued a final rule regarding the criteria for aggregating multiple small surface sites into a single source for air-quality permitting purposes applicable to the oil and natural gas industry. This rule could cause small facilities, on an aggregate basis, to be deemed a major source, thereby triggering more stringent air permitting processes and requirements. These laws and regulations may increase the costs of compliance for some facilities we own or operate, and federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the federal CAA and associated state laws and regulations. Obtaining or renewing permits has the potential to delay the development of oil and natural gas projects. 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 In recent years, federal, state and local governments have taken steps to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, which includes billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles, investments in advanced biofuels and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration. These incentives could accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives, which could decrease demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell, which could decrease demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell and adversely impact our business. In addition, the IRA imposes the first ever federal fee on the emission of greenhouse gases through a methane emissions charge. The IRA amends the CAA to impose a fee on the emission of methane that exceeds an applicable waste emissions threshold from sources required to report their greenhouse gas emissions to the EPA, including those sources in the offshore and onshore petroleum and natural gas production and gathering and boosting source categories. The methane emissions charge would start in calendar year 2024 at 900 per ton of methane, increase to 1,200 in 2025 and be set at 1,500 for 2026 and each year after. Calculation of the fee is based on certain thresholds established in the IRA. The methane emissions charge could increase our operating costs, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The EPA has also finalized a series of greenhouse gas monitoring, reporting and emissions control rules for the oil and natural gas industry, and almost one-half of the states have taken measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases primarily through the development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or regional greenhouse gas cap-and-trade programs. In addition, states have imposed increasingly stringent requirements related to the venting or flaring of gas during oil and natural gas operations. For example, on November 4, 2020, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted new guidance on when flaring is permissible, requiring operators to submit more specific information to justify the need to flare or vent gas. 
 
 At the international level, in December 2015, the United States participated in the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France. The resulting Paris Agreement calls for the parties to undertake ambitious efforts to limit the average global temperature, and to conserve and enhance sinks and reservoirs of greenhouse gases. The Agreement went into effect on November 4, 2016. The Agreement establishes a framework for the parties to cooperate and report actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Although the United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement effective November 4, 2020, President Biden issued an Executive Order on January 20, 2021 to rejoin the Paris Agreement, which went into effect on February 19, 2021. On April 21, 2021, the United States announced that it was setting an economy-wide target of reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 50-52 percent below 2005 levels in 2030. In November 2021, in connection with the 26th Conference of the Parties in Glasgow, Scotland, the United States and other world leaders made further commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including reducing global methane emissions by at least 30 by 2030. Furthermore, many state and local leaders have stated their intent to intensify efforts to support the international climate commitments. 
 
 11 

Table of Content s 

 Restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that may be imposed could adversely impact the demand for, price of, and value of our products and reserves. As our operations also emit greenhouse gases directly, current and future laws or regulations limiting such emissions could increase our own costs. At this time, it is not possible to accurately estimate how potential future laws or regulations addressing greenhouse gas emissions would impact our business. 
 
 In addition, there have been efforts in recent years to influence the investment community, including investment advisors and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, by promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities and pressuring lenders to limit funding and insurance underwriters to limit coverages to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Such environmental activism and initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access capital. Furthermore, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that greenhouse gas emissions from oil and natural gas operations constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. As a result, private individuals or public entities may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other liabilities. While our business is not a party to any such litigation, we could be named in actions making similar allegations. An unfavorable ruling in any such case could significantly impact our operations and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 
 Moreover, climate change may be associated with extreme weather conditions such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels. Another possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. Some studies indicate that climate change could cause some areas to experience temperatures substantially hotter or colder than their historical averages. Extreme weather conditions, such as the severe winter storms in the Permian Basin in February 2021, can interfere with our production and increase our costs and damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. However, at this time, we are unable to determine the extent to which climate change may lead to increased storm or weather hazards affecting our operations. 
 
 Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing 
 
 Hydraulic fracturing is an important common practice that is used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight formations, including shales. The process, which involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production, is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. However, legislation has been proposed in recent sessions of the U.S. Congress to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal the exemption for hydraulic fracturing from the definition of underground injection, to require federal permitting and regulatory control of hydraulic fracturing, and to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in the fracturing process. Furthermore, several federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the process. For example, the EPA has taken the position that hydraulic fracturing with fluids containing diesel fuel is subject to regulation under the Underground Injection Control program, specifically as Class II Underground Injection Control wells under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
 
 On June 28, 2016, the EPA published a final rule prohibiting the discharge of wastewater from onshore unconventional oil and natural gas extraction facilities to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. The EPA is also conducting a study of private wastewater treatment facilities (also known as centralized waste treatment, or CWT, facilities) accepting oil and natural gas extraction wastewater. The EPA is collecting data and information related to the extent to which CWT facilities accept such wastewater, available treatment technologies (and their associated costs), discharge characteristics, financial characteristics of CWT facilities, and the environmental impacts of discharges from CWT facilities. 
 
 On August 16, 2012, the EPA published final regulations under the federal CAA that establish new air emission controls for oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing operations. Specifically, the EPA s rule package includes New Source Performance standards to address emissions of sulfur dioxide and volatile organic compounds and a separate set of emission standards to address hazardous air pollutants frequently associated with oil and natural gas production and processing activities. The final rules seek to achieve a 95 reduction in volatile organic compounds emitted by requiring the use of reduced emission completions or green completions on all hydraulically-fractured wells constructed or refractured after January 1, 2015. The rules also establish specific new requirements regarding emissions from compressors, controllers, dehydrators, storage tanks and other production equipment. The EPA received numerous requests for reconsideration of these rules from both industry and the environmental community, and court challenges to the rules were also filed. In response, the EPA has issued, and will likely continue to issue, revised rules responsive to some of the requests for reconsideration. In particular, on May 12, 2016, the EPA amended its regulations to impose new standards for methane and volatile organic compounds emissions for certain new, modified, and reconstructed equipment, processes, and activities across the oil and natural gas sector. However, on August 13, 2020, in response to an executive order by former President Trump to review and revise unduly burdensome regulations, the EPA amended the 2012 and 2016 New Source Performance standards to ease 
 12 

Table of Content s 

 regulatory burdens, including rescinding standards applicable to transmission or storage segments and eliminating methane requirements altogether. On June 30, 2021, President Biden signed into law a joint resolution of the U.S. Congress disapproving the 2020 amendments (with the exception of some technical changes) thereby reinstating the 2012 and 2016 New Source Performance standards. The EPA expects owners and operators of regulated sources to take immediate steps to comply with these standards. Additionally, on November 15, 2021, the EPA published a proposed rule that would expand and strengthen emission reduction requirements for both new and existing sources in the oil and natural gas industry by requiring increased monitoring of fugitive emissions, imposing new requirements for pneumatic controllers and tank batteries, and prohibiting venting of natural gas in certain situations. On December 6, 2022, the EPA published a supplemental proposal to strengthen the emission reduction requirements, which would, among other things, expand leak detection requirements and tighten flaring restrictions. These new standards, to the extent implemented, as well as any future laws and their implementing regulations, may require us to obtain pre-approval for the expansion or modification of existing facilities or the construction of new facilities expected to produce air emissions, impose stringent air permit requirements, or mandate the use of specific equipment or technologies to control emissions. We cannot predict the final regulatory requirements or the cost to comply with such requirements with any certainty. 
 
 Furthermore, there are certain governmental reviews either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. On December 13, 2016, the EPA released a study examining the potential for hydraulic fracturing activities to impact drinking water resources, finding that, under some circumstances, the use of water in hydraulic fracturing activities can impact drinking water resources. Also, on February 6, 2015, the EPA released a report with findings and recommendations related to public concern about induced seismic activity from disposal wells. The report recommends strategies for managing and minimizing the potential for significant injection-induced seismic events. Other governmental agencies, including the U.S. Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior have evaluated or are evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. These ongoing or proposed studies could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing, and could ultimately make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing and increase our costs of compliance and doing business. 
 
 Several states, including Texas, and local jurisdictions, have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations that could restrict or prohibit hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances, impose more stringent operating standards and/or require the disclosure of the composition of hydraulic fracturing fluids. The Texas Legislature adopted legislation, effective September 1, 2011, requiring oil and natural gas operators to publicly disclose the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. The Texas Railroad Commission adopted rules and regulations implementing this legislation that apply to all wells for which the Texas Railroad Commission issues an initial drilling permit after February 1, 2012. The law requires that the well operator disclose the list of chemical ingredients subject to the requirements of Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act for disclosure on an internet website and also file the list of chemicals with the Texas Railroad Commission with the well completion report. The total volume of water used to hydraulically fracture a well must also be disclosed to the public and filed with the Texas Railroad Commission. Also, in May 2013, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted rules governing well casing, cementing and other standards for ensuring that hydraulic fracturing operations do not contaminate nearby water resources. The rules took effect in January 2014. Additionally, on October 28, 2014, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted disposal well rule amendments designed, among other things, to require applicants for new disposal wells that will receive non-hazardous produced water and hydraulic fracturing flowback fluid to conduct seismic activity searches utilizing the U.S. Geological Survey. The searches are intended to determine the potential for earthquakes within a circular area of 100 square miles around a proposed new disposal well. The disposal well rule amendments, which became effective on November 17, 2014, also clarify the Texas Railroad Commission s authority to modify, suspend or terminate a disposal well permit if scientific data indicates a disposal well is likely to contribute to seismic activity. The Texas Railroad Commission has used this authority to deny permits and temporarily suspend operations for waste disposal wells. For example, in September 2021, the Texas Railroad Commission curtailed the amount of water companies were permitted to inject into some wells near Midland and Odessa in the Permian Basin, and has subsequently suspended some permits there and expanded the restrictions to other areas. In addition, the Texas Railroad Commission has imposed daily monitoring and reporting requirements for any new disposal well permitted in the Permian Basin. These restrictions on the disposal of produced water, a moratorium on new produced water wells, and additional monitoring and reporting requirements could result in increased operating costs, forcing our operators or their vendors to truck produced water, recycle it or pump it through the pipeline network or other means, all of which could be costly. Our operators or their vendors may also limit disposal well volumes, disposal rates and pressures or locations, or require them to shut down or curtail the injection of produced water into disposal wells. These factors may make drilling activity in the affected parts of the Permian Basin less economical and adversely impact our business. 
 
 There has been increasing public controversy regarding hydraulic fracturing with regard to the use of fracturing fluids, induced seismic activity, impacts on drinking water supplies, use of water and the potential for impacts to surface water, groundwater and the environment generally. A number of lawsuits and enforcement actions have been initiated across the country implicating hydraulic fracturing practices. If new laws or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations as well as make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings 
 13 

Table of Content s 

 based on allegations that specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect groundwater. In addition, if hydraulic fracturing is further regulated at the federal or state level, our fracturing activities could become subject to additional permitting and financial assurance requirements, more stringent construction specifications, increased monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping obligations, plugging and abandonment requirements and also to permitting delays and potential increases in costs. Such changes could cause us to incur substantial compliance costs, and compliance or the consequences of any failure to comply by us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. At this time, it is not possible to estimate the impact on our business of newly enacted or potential federal, state or local laws governing hydraulic fracturing. 
 
 Other Regulation of the Oil and Natural Gas Industry 
 
 The oil and natural gas industry is extensively regulated by numerous federal, state and local authorities. Legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing the regulatory burden. Also, numerous departments and agencies, both federal and state, are authorized by statute to issue rules and regulations that are binding on the oil and natural gas industry and its individual members, some of which carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. Although the regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business, these burdens generally do not affect us any differently or to any greater or lesser extent than they affect other companies in the industry with similar types, quantities and locations of production. The availability, terms and cost of transportation significantly affect sales of oil and natural gas. The interstate transportation and sale for resale of oil and natural gas is subject to federal regulation, including regulation of the terms, conditions and rates for interstate transportation, storage and various other matters, primarily by FERC. Federal and state regulations govern the price and terms for access to oil and natural gas pipeline transportation. FERC s regulations for interstate oil and natural gas transmission in some circumstances may also affect the intrastate transportation of oil and natural gas. 
 
 Although oil and natural gas prices are currently unregulated, the U.S. Congress historically has been active in the area of oil and natural gas regulation. We cannot predict whether new legislation to regulate oil and natural gas might be proposed, what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by the U.S. Congress or the various state legislatures, and what effect, if any, the proposals might have on our operations. Sales of condensate and oil and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. 
 
 Drilling and Production 
 
 The operations of our operators are subject to various types of regulation at the federal, state and local level. These types of regulation include requiring permits for the drilling of wells, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. The states, and some counties and municipalities, in which our operators conduct business also regulate one or more of the following: the location of wells; the method of drilling and casing wells; the timing of construction or drilling activities, including seasonal wildlife closures; the rates of production or allowables the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled; the plugging and abandoning of wells; and notice to, and consultation with, surface owners and other third parties. 
 
 State laws regulate the size and shape of drilling and spacing units or proration units governing the pooling of oil and natural gas properties. Some states allow forced pooling or integration of tracts to facilitate exploration while other states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. In some instances, forced pooling or unitization may be implemented by third parties and may reduce our interest in the unitized properties. In addition, state conservation laws establish maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas wells, generally prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas and impose requirements regarding the ratability of production. These laws and regulations may limit the amount of oil and natural gas that our operators can produce from our wells or limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. Moreover, each state generally imposes a production or severance tax with respect to the production and sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids within its jurisdiction. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct regulation, but we cannot assure our unitholders that they will not do so in the future. The effect of such future regulations may be to limit the amounts of oil and natural gas that may be produced from our wells, negatively affect the economics of production from these wells or to limit the number of locations we can drill. 
 
 Federal, state and local regulations provide detailed requirements for the plugging and abandonment of wells, closure or decommissioning of production facilities and pipelines and for site restoration in areas. Although the Corps does not require bonds or other financial assurances, some state agencies and municipalities do have such requirements. 
 
 14 

Table of Content s 

 Natural Gas Sales 
 
 Historically, federal legislation and regulatory controls have affected the price and marketing of natural gas. FERC has jurisdiction over the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce by natural gas companies under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978. Since 1978, various federal laws have been enacted which have resulted in the complete removal of all price and non-price controls for sales of domestic natural gas sold in first sales. Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, FERC has substantial enforcement authority to prohibit the manipulation of natural gas markets and enforce its rules and orders, including the ability to assess substantial civil penalties. 
 
 Oil Sales and Transportation 
 
 Sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless, the U.S. Congress could reenact price controls in the future. 
 
 Crude oil sales are affected by the availability, terms and cost of transportation. The transportation of oil in common carrier pipelines is also subject to rate regulation. FERC regulates interstate oil pipeline transportation rates under the Interstate Commerce Act, and intrastate oil pipeline transportation rates are subject to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline regulation, and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate oil pipeline rates, varies from state to state. Insofar as effective interstate and intrastate rates are equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that the regulation of oil transportation rates will not affect our operations in any materially different way than such regulation will affect the operations of our competitors. 
 Further, interstate and intrastate common carrier oil pipelines must provide service on a non-discriminatory basis. Under this open access standard, common carriers must offer service to all shippers requesting service on the same terms and under the same rates. When oil pipelines operate at full capacity, access is governed by prorationing provisions set forth in the pipelines published tariffs. Accordingly, we believe that access to oil pipeline transportation services generally will be available to our operators to the same extent as to our or their competitors. 
 
 State Regulation 
 
 Texas regulates the drilling for, and the production, gathering and sale of, oil and natural gas, including imposing severance taxes and requirements for obtaining drilling permits. Texas currently imposes a 4.6 severance tax on oil production and a 7.5 severance tax on natural gas production. States also regulate the method of developing new fields, the spacing and operation of wells and the prevention of waste of oil and natural gas resources. States may regulate rates of production and may establish maximum daily production allowables from oil and natural gas wells based on market demand or resource conservation, or both. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct economic regulation, but we cannot assure our unitholders that they will not do so in the future. The effect of these regulations may be to limit the amount of oil and natural gas that may be produced from our wells and to limit the number of wells or locations our operators can drill. 
 
 The petroleum industry is also subject to compliance with various other federal, state and local regulations and laws. Some of those laws relate to resource conservation and equal employment opportunity. We do not believe that compliance with these laws will have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We do not have any employees. We are managed and operated by the board of directors and executive officers of our General Partner. All of the individuals that conduct our business, including our executive officers, are employed by Diamondback. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Midland, Texas and are owned by Diamondback. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current operations. 
 
 15 

Table of Content s 

 Availability of Partnership Reports 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.viperenergy.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on, or connected to, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Reports filed or furnished with the SEC are also made available on its website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a similar business. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected. In that case, we might not be able to make distributions on our common units, the trading price of our common units could decline, and unitholders could lose all or part of their investment. Other risks are also described in Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties , Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 In prior periods, our business was adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, compounded by the global effects of the war in Ukraine. We could continue to experience such adverse effects in future periods. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020 NYMEX WTI has ranged from (37.63) to 123.70 per Bbl, and the NYMEX Henry Hub price of natural gas has ranged from 1.48 to 9.68 per MMBtu, with seven-year highs reached in 2022 and historic lows for oil reached in 2020. The war in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions, concerns about a potential economic downturn or recession, recent measures to combat persistent inflation, and actions taken by OPEC and its non-OPEC allies, collectively OPEC+, continued to contribute to economic and pricing volatility during 2022. 
 
 Despite the recovery in crude oil prices and strong demand, Diamondback and certain of our other operators kept production on our acreage relatively flat during 2022, using their excess cash flow for debt repayment and/or return to their stockholders rather than expanding their drilling programs. We cannot reasonably predict whether production levels will remain at current levels or the impact the full extent of the events above may have on our industry and our business. 
 
 Due to the improvement in commodity pricing environment and industry conditions, we did not record any impairments in 2022. However, if commodity prices fall below current levels, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. Further, if commodity prices decrease, our production, proved reserves and cash flows will be adversely impacted. Lower oil and natural gas prices may also result in a reduction in the borrowing base under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility, which may be determined at the discretion of our lenders. 
 
 Other significant factors that are likely to continue to affect commodity prices in future periods include, but are not limited to, the effect of U.S. energy, monetary and trade policies, U.S. and global economic conditions, U.S. and global political and economic developments, including the Biden Administration s energy and environmental policies, all of which are beyond our control. Our business may be also adversely impacted by any future government rule, regulation or order that may impose production limits, as well as pipeline capacity and storage constraints, in the Permian Basin where we have mineral and royalty interests. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to present operational, health, labor, logistics and other challenges, and it is difficult to assess the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 There continue to be many variables and uncertainties regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence, contagiousness and threat of new strains of the virus and their severity; the effectiveness of current treatments and vaccines against the virus or its new strains; any travel restrictions, business closures and other measures that are or may be imposed in affected areas or countries by governmental authorities; disruptions in the supply chain; a competitive labor market, logistics costs; remote working arrangements, social distancing guidelines and other COVID-19-related challenges. Further, there remain increased risks of cyberattacks on information technology systems used in remote working environments; increased privacy-related risks due to processing health-related personal information; absence of workforce due to illness; the impact of the 
 16 

Table of Content s 

 pandemic on any of our contractual counterparties; and other factors that are currently unknown or considered immaterial. It is difficult to assess the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We cannot predict the impact of the ongoing war in the Ukraine and the related humanitarian crisis on the global economy, energy markets, geopolitical stability and our business. 
 
 Our mineral and royalty acreage is located primarily in the Permian Basin in West Texas. However, the broader consequences of the war in the Ukraine, which may include further sanctions, embargoes, supply chain disruptions, regional instability and geopolitical shifts, may have adverse effects on global macroeconomic conditions, increase volatility in the price of and demand for oil and natural gas, increase exposure to cyberattacks, cause disruptions in global supply chains, increase foreign currency fluctuations, cause constraints or disruption in the capital markets and limit sources of liquidity. We cannot predict the extent of the conflict s effect on our business, results of operations, the global economy or energy markets. 
 
 Our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk. 
 
 We use fixed price swap contracts, fixed price basis swap contracts and costless collar contracts with corresponding put and call options to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our royalty income. Our derivative contracts are based upon reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges, with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX WTI pricing (Cushing and Midland-Cushing) and with natural gas derivative settlements based on the NYMEX Henry Hub and Waha Hub pricing. By using derivative instruments to economically hedge exposure to changes in commodity prices, we expose ourselves to credit risk and market risk. At settlement, market prices for commodities may exceed the contract prices in our commodity price derivatives agreements, resulting in our need to make significant cash payments to our counterparties. Further, by using commodity derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to credit risk if we are in a positive position at contract settlement and the counterparty fails to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. Our counterparties have been determined to have an acceptable credit risk; therefore, we do not require collateral from our counterparties. By using derivative instruments, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in the prices of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas above the price levels of the commodity price derivatives used to manage price risk. 
 
 For additional information regarding our use of commodity price derivatives and our outstanding derivative contracts as of December 31, 2022, see Note 10 Derivatives of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual report, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Commodity Price Risk. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, and other risks relating to climate change could accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy and could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 Governmental and regulatory bodies, investors, consumers, industry and other stakeholders have been increasingly focused on climate change matters in recent years. This focus, together with changes in consumer and industrial/commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, the use of hydrocarbons, and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, hydrocarbons, may result in: 
 the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives by governments, investors, and other companies, including alternative energy or zero carbon requirements and fuel or energy conservation measures; 
 technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy (including advances in wind, solar and hydrogen power, as well as battery technology); 
 increased availability of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, energy sources other than oil and natural gas (including wind, solar, nuclear, and geothermal sources as well as electric vehicles); and 
 development of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, lower-emission products and services (including electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies) as well as more efficient products and services. 
 
 Any of these developments may reduce the demand for products manufactured with (or powered by) hydrocarbons and the demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell, which would likely have a material adverse impact on us. The enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives may also result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs and have other adverse effects, such as a greater potential for governmental investigations or litigation. 
 
 17 

Table of Content s 

 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the IRA, which includes billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles, investments in advanced biofuels and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration. These incentives could accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives, which could decrease demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell and adversely impact our business. Additionally, the IRA imposes the first ever federal fee on greenhouse gas emissions through a methane emissions charge, which could increase our operating costs and thereby adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 In addition to potentially reducing (i) demand for our oil and natural gas and (ii) the availability of oilfield services and midstream and downstream customers, any of these developments may also create reputational risks associated with the exploration for, and production of, hydrocarbons, which may adversely affect the availability and cost to us of capital. For example, a number of prominent investors have publicly announced their intention to no longer invest in the oil and gas sector in response to concerns related to climate change, and other financial institutions and investors may decide to do likewise in the future. If financial institutions and other investors refuse to invest in or provide capital to the oil and gas sector in the future because of these reputational risks, that could result in capital being unavailable to us, or only at significantly increased cost. 
 
 For further discussion regarding the risks to us of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives, please see the section entitled Item 1 and 2. Business and Properties Regulation Climate Change . 
 
 Continuing political and social concerns relating to climate change may result in significant litigation and related expenses. 
 
 Increasing attention to global climate change has resulted in increased investor attention and an increased risk of public and private litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect us. For example, shareholder activism has recently been increasing in our industry. Because of our structure as a limited partnership, we do not hold annual meetings or file proxy statements and our unitholders have limited voting rights. They may, however, attempt to effect changes to our business or governance to deal with climate change-related issues by public campaigns, investor communications, regulatory lobbying efforts or otherwise, which may result in significant management distraction and potentially significant expense. 
 
 Additionally, cities, counties, and other governmental entities in several states in the U.S. have filed lawsuits against energy companies seeking damages allegedly associated with climate change. Similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. If any such lawsuits were to be filed against us, we could incur substantial legal defense costs and, if any such litigation were adversely determined, we could incur substantial damages. Any of these climate change-related litigation risks could result in unexpected costs, negative sentiments about our company, disruptions to our business, and increases to our operating expenses, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 Conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for oil and natural gas. 
 
 Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for oil and natural gas. The impact of the changing demand for oil and natural gas services and products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 
 Increased costs of capital could adversely affect our business 
 
 Our business could be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in our credit rating. Changes in any one or more of these factors could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our access to capital, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce our cash flows available and place us at a competitive disadvantage. Continuing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to an increase in interest rates or a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our activities. A significant reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our business strategy and cash flows. 
 
 We may not have sufficient available cash to pay any quarterly distribution on our common units, our cash available for distribution may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and the board of directors of our General Partner has recently modified, and may in the future further modify or revoke, our cash distribution policy at any time at its discretion. Our distribution policy could limit our ability to grow and make acquisitions. 
 
 We may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to enable us to pay any distributions to our common unitholders. Furthermore, our partnership agreement does not require us to pay distributions on a quarterly basis or otherwise. The amount of cash we have to distribute each quarter principally depends primarily upon the amount of royalty income we generate, which is dependent upon the volumes of production sold and the prices that our operators realize from the sale of such 
 18 

Table of Content s 

 production. In addition, the actual amount of cash we will have to distribute each quarter under our cash distribution policy will be reduced by payments in respect of income taxes, debt service and other contractual obligations and fixed charges, increases in reserves for future operating or capital needs that the board of directors may determine is appropriate, lease bonus income, distribution equivalent rights payments and preferred distributions, if any, and any common unit repurchases. Our General Partner may further modify or revoke our distribution policy at any time in the future at its discretion. During 2022, the board of directors of the General Partner approved a distribution policy, effective beginning with the Partnership s distribution payable for the third quarter of 2022, consisting of a base and variable distribution, that takes into account capital returned to unitholders via our common unit repurchase program. For information regarding our distribution policy and the recent modifications, see Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Cash Distribution Policy and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. As a result, quarterly distributions paid to our unitholders may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and may be zero. 
 
 As a result of our cash distribution policy, we will have limited cash available to reinvest in our business or to fund acquisitions, and we will rely primarily upon external financing sources, including commercial bank borrowings and the issuance of debt and equity securities, to fund our acquisitions and growth capital expenditures. As such, to the extent we are unable to finance growth externally, our distribution policy will significantly impair our ability to grow. 
 
 To the extent we issue additional units in connection with any acquisitions or growth capital expenditures or as in-kind distributions, the payment of distributions on those additional units may increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain or increase our per unit distribution level. There are no limitations in our partnership agreement on our ability to issue additional units, including units ranking senior to the common units. 
 
 We depend on a small number of operators for a substantial portion of the development and production on the properties underlying our mineral interests. A reduction in the expected number of wells to be drilled on our acreage by these operators or the failure of an operator to adequately and efficiently develop and operate our acreage could have an adverse effect on our expected growth and our results of operations. 
 
 The failure of our operators to adequately or efficiently perform operations or an operator s failure to act in ways that are in our best interests could reduce production and revenues . Any development and production activities on our properties are subject to our operators reasonable discretion. The level, success and timing of drilling and development activities on our properties, and whether the operators elect to drill any additional wells on our acreage, depends on a number of factors that will be largely outside of our control, including: commodity prices; the timing and amount of capital expenditures by our operators, which could be significantly more than anticipated; the ability of our operators to access capital; the availability, high cost or shortages of rigs and other suitable drilling equipment, raw materials, supplies and oilfield services; the availability of production and transportation infrastructure and qualified operating personnel; regulatory restrictions; the operators expertise, operating efficiency and financial resources; approval of other participants in drilling wells; the operators expected return on investment in wells drilled on our acreage as compared to opportunities in other areas; the selection of technology; the selection of counterparties for the sale of production; and the rate of production of the reserves. 
 
 The operators may elect not to undertake development activities, or may undertake such activities in an unanticipated fashion, which may result in significant fluctuations in our royalty income and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. If reductions in production by the operators are implemented on our properties and sustained, our revenues may also be substantially affected. Additionally, if an operator were to experience financial difficulty, the operator might not be able to pay its royalty payments or continue its operations, which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 
 The development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures by operators than we currently anticipate. 
 
 Approximately 28 of our total estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2022 were proved undeveloped reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced. Recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations by the operators on our mineral and royalty acreage. The reserve data included in the reserve reports of our independent petroleum engineers assume that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop such reserves. We cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled or that the results of such development will be as estimated. Delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill, complete and develop such reserves, or further decreases in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. In addition, delays in the development of reserves could force us to reclassify certain of our proved reserves as unproved reserves. 
 
 19 

Table of Content s 

 Our future success depends on finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves. 
 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable, as our proved reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted. To increase reserves and production, we would need to undertake replacement activities or use third party operators to undertake development, exploration and other replacement activities, requiring substantial capital expenditures. Neither we nor our third party operators may have sufficient resources to acquire additional reserves or to undertake exploration, development, production or other replacement activities. Such activities by our third party operators may not result in significant additional reserves and efforts to drill productive wells at low finding and development costs may be unsuccessful. In addition, we do not expect to retain cash from our operations for replacement capital expenditures. Furthermore, although our revenues and cash available for distribution may increase if prevailing oil and natural gas prices increase significantly, finding costs for additional reserves could also increase. 
 
 We may not be able to terminate our leases if any of our operators declare bankruptcy, and we may experience delays and be unable to replace operators that do not make royalty payments. 
 
 A failure on the part of the operators to make royalty payments gives us the right to terminate the lease, repossess the property and enforce payment obligations under the lease. If we repossessed any of our properties, we would seek a replacement operator. However, we might not be able to find a replacement operator and, if we did, we might not be able to enter into a new lease on favorable terms within a reasonable period of time. In addition, the outgoing operator could be subject to bankruptcy proceedings that could prevent the execution of a new lease or the assignment of the existing lease to another operator. In addition, if we enter into a new lease, the replacement operator may not achieve the same levels of production or sell oil or natural gas at the same price as the operator it replaced. 
 
 The producing properties in which we have mineral and royalty interests are concentrated in the Permian Basin of West Texas, making us vulnerable to risks (including weather-related risks) associated with a single geographic area. In addition, a large amount of our proved reserves is attributable to a small number of producing horizons within this area. 
 
 The producing properties in which we have mineral and royalty interests are currently geographically concentrated in the Permian Basin of West Texas. As a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints faced by our operators or their customers, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services market limitations or interruption of the processing or transportation of crude oil, natural gas or natural gas liquids on our mineral and royalty acreage, and extreme weather conditions, such as the severe winter storms in the Permian Basin in February 2021, and their adverse impact on production volumes, availability of electrical power, road accessibility and transportation facilities on our mineral and royalty acreage. 
 
 Extreme regional weather events may occur that can affect our operators suppliers or customers, which could adversely affect us. For example, a significant hurricane or similar weather event could damage refining and other oil and natural gas-related facilities on the Gulf Coast of Texas and Louisiana, which (if significant enough) could limit the availability of gathering and transportation facilities across Texas and could then cause production in the Permian Basin (including potentially production on our mineral and royalty acreage) to be curtailed or shut in or (in the case of natural gas) flared. Further, any increase in flaring of natural gas production on our mineral and royalty acreage due to weather-related events or otherwise could expose us to reputational risks and adversely impact our or our operators contractual and other business relationships. Any of the above-referenced events could have a material adverse effect on us. Likewise, a weather event like the severe winter storms in the Permian Basin in February 2021 could reduce the availability of electrical power, road accessibility, and transportation facilities, which could have an adverse impact on production volumes on our mineral and royalty acreage (and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations). 
 
 In addition, the effect of fluctuations on supply and demand may become more pronounced within specific geographic oil and natural gas producing areas such as the Permian Basin, which may cause these conditions to occur with greater frequency or magnify the effects of these conditions. Due to the concentrated nature of our mineral and royalty acreage, we could experience any of these conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on us than they might have on other companies that have a more diversified portfolio of assets. Such delays or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 20 

Table of Content s 

 In addition to the geographic concentration of our mineral and royalty acreage, as of December 31, 2022, most of our proved reserves are concentrated in the Wolfberry resource play in the Midland Basin. This concentration of assets within a small number of producing horizons exposes us to additional risks, such as changes in field-wide rules and regulations that could cause our operators to permanently or temporarily shut-in all of wells on our mineral and royalty acreage. 
 
 Our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions of properties or businesses could slow our growth and adversely affect our results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 
 There is intense competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including; recoverable reserves, future oil and natural gas prices and their applicable differentials, operating costs and potential environmental and other liabilities. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. Our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems including title or environmental issues, nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. Inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. Even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. Unless our operators further develop our existing properties, we will depend on acquisitions to grow our reserves, production and cash flow. 
 
 Competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. Our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. Further, these acquisitions may be in geographic regions in which we do not currently hold properties. If we enter into new geographic markets, we may be subject to additional and unfamiliar legal and regulatory requirements and other unforeseen difficulties. Compliance with regulatory requirements may impose substantial additional obligations on us and our management, cause us to expend additional time and resources in compliance activities and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance with such additional legal requirements. Further, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired business into our existing operations, the process of which may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. In addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions. Any of the unfavorable circumstances mentioned above could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution. The inability to effectively manage the integration of acquisitions could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which, in turn, could negatively impact our growth, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 
 We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties in which we have an interest. 
 
 When acquiring oil and natural gas leases, we may not elect to incur the expense of retaining lawyers to examine the title to the mineral interest. Rather, we may rely upon the judgment of oil and gas lease brokers or landmen who perform the fieldwork in examining records in the appropriate governmental office before attempting to acquire a lease in a specific mineral interest. The existence of a material title deficiency can render an interest worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash available for distribution. 
 
 Project areas on our properties, which are in various stages of development, may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities. 
 
 Project areas on our properties are in various stages of development, ranging from project areas with current drilling or production activity to project areas that have limited drilling or production history. If the wells in the process of being completed are on our property and do not produce sufficient revenues or if dry holes are drilled, our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution may be materially affected. 
 
 Our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairments in future periods. 
 
 We account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. Accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. The net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full cost ceiling limitation in which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at 10 . To the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas 
 21 

Table of Content s 

 properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed the discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. We use the unweighted arithmetic average first day of the month price for oil and natural gas for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date in estimating discounted future net revenues. 
 
 No impairments of proved oil and natural gas properties were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We recorded impairment expense of 69.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Method of Accounting for Oil and Natural Gas Properties. If the prices of oil and natural gas decline, we may be required to further write-down the value of our oil and natural gas properties in the future, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our estimated reserves are based on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. 
 
 Oil and natural gas reserve engineering is not an exact science and requires subjective estimates of underground accumulations of oil and natural gas and assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices, production levels, ultimate recoveries and operating and development costs, if any. As a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves, projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may be incorrect. Over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates taking into account the results of actual drilling, testing and production. Also, certain assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, production levels and operating and development costs, if any, may prove incorrect. Any significant variance from these assumptions to actual figures could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. A substantial portion of our reserve estimates are made without the benefit of a lengthy production history, which are less reliable than estimates based on a lengthy production history. Numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of oil and natural gas that we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. Reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for unproved undeveloped acreage. 
 
 We are dependent on electrical power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure and information and computer systems. If any of these systems are compromised or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent on electric power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure and our information systems and computer based programs. If any of such infrastructure, systems or programs were to fail or become unavailable or compromised, or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, our ability to safely and effectively conduct our business will be limited and any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are subject to cybersecurity risks. A cyber incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 
 We rely extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to (i) estimate our oil and natural gas reserves, (ii) process and record financial and operating data and (iii) communicate with our employees and vendors, suppliers and other third parties. Further, our reliance on technology has increased due to the increased use of personal devices, remote communications and work-from-home or hybrid work practices that evolved in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our systems and networks, and those of our vendors, service providers and other third party providers, may become the target of cybersecurity attacks, including, without limitation, denial-of-service attacks; malicious software; data privacy breaches by insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. If any of these security breaches were to occur, we could suffer disruptions to our operations, normal business functions and other aspects of our business. 
 
 We have implemented and invested in, and will continue to implement and invest in, controls, procedures and protections (including internal and external personnel) that are designed to protect our systems, identify and remediate on a regular basis vulnerabilities in our systems and related infrastructure and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threat. Such measures, however, cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats and the controls, procedures and protections we have implemented and invested in may prove to be ineffective. As cyber incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. We maintain specialized insurance for possible liability resulting from a cyberattack on our assets, however, we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may 
 22 

Table of Content s 

 arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. A loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Implementing our capital programs may, under certain circumstances, require an increase in our total leverage through additional debt issuances. In addition, a significant reduction in availability under the revolving credit facility and the inability to otherwise obtain financing for our capital programs could require us to curtail our capital expenditures. 
 
 As a result of our cash distribution policy, we have limited cash available to reinvest in our business or to fund acquisitions and have historically relied on availability under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and for other purposes. We expect that we will continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and other needs with borrowings under the revolving credit facility and from the proceeds of debt and equity offerings. In the past, we have created availability under the revolving credit facility by repaying outstanding borrowings with the proceeds from equity and debt offerings. We cannot assure you that we will choose to or be able to access the capital markets to repay any such future borrowings. If the availability under the revolving credit facility were reduced, and we were otherwise unable to secure other sources of financing, we may be required to curtail our capital expenditures, which could result in an inability to complete acquisitions or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in the Operating Company s revolving credit facility, the indenture governing the Notes and future debt instruments may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities. 
 
 The Operating Company s revolving credit facility and the indenture governing the Notes outstanding contain, and the terms of any future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our and the Operating Company s ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; make certain investments; create additional liens; sell or transfer assets; lease property as a lessee; issue redeemable or preferred equity; voluntarily redeem or prepay debt (including the Notes); merge or consolidate with another entity; pay dividends or make distributions; designate certain of our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; create unrestricted subsidiaries; engage in transactions with affiliates; enter into gas imbalance, take-or-pay and similar agreements; and enter into certain swap agreemen ts. 
 
 We may be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations imposed on us and the Operating Company by the restrictive covenants contained in the revolving credit facility and the indenture that governs the Notes. In addition, the revolving credit facility requires us to maintain certain financial ratios and tests. The requirement that we comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect our ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business. 
 
 Our and the Operating Company s future ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants is uncertain and will be affected by the levels of cash flow from our operations and other events or circumstances beyond our control. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. A breach of any of these restrictive covenants could result in default under the revolving credit facility. If a default occurs, the lenders under the revolving credit facility may elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, which would result in an event of default under the indenture governing the Notes. The lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we and the Operating Company are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under the revolving credit facility will also have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the indebtedness. If the indebtedness under the revolving credit facility and the Notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness. 
 
 Any significant reduction in the borrowing base under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility as a result of the periodic borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our ability to fund our operations, and we may not have sufficient funds to repay borrowings under the revolving credit facility if required as a result of a borrowing base redetermination. 
 
 A decline in commodity prices could result in a redetermination that lowers the borrowing base. Any significant reduction in the borrowing base as a result of such borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our liquidity and our ability to fund our operations and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation and cash flow. Further, if the outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility were to exceed the borrowing base as a result of any such redetermination, we and the Operating Company would be required to repay the excess. 
 23 

Table of Content s 

 We may not have sufficient funds to make such repayments. If we do not have sufficient funds and we are otherwise unable to negotiate renewals of the borrowings or arrange new financing, we may have to sell significant assets. Any such sale could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 Servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial indebtedness. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We are dependent on cash flow generated by the Operating Company to repay the Notes. The Operating Company s business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If the Operating Company is unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. However, we cannot assure you that undertaking alternative financing plans, if necessary, would allow us to meet our debt obligations. In the absence of such cash flows, we could have substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. The Operating Company s revolving credit facility and the indenture governing the Notes outstanding restrict our ability to use the proceeds from asset sales. We may not be able to consummate those asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices that we believe are fair, and proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at the time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 If we experience liquidity concerns, we could face a downgrade in our debt ratings which could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit. 
 
 Our ability to obtain financings and trade credit and the terms of any financings or trade credit is, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. We cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix and commodity pricing levels. A ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access financings or trade credit and increase our or the Operating Company s borrowing costs. 
 
 The borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility expose us to interest rate risk. 
 
 Our earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. The terms of the Operating Company s revolving credit facility provide for interest on borrowings at a floating rate equal to an alternative base rate that, since November 2022 has been tied to SOFR. SOFR tends to fluctuate based on multiple facts, including general short-term interest rates, rates set by the U.S. Federal Reserve, which may increase further in 2023, and other central banks and general economic conditions. We have not hedged our interest rate exposure with respect to our floating rate debt. The Operating Company s weighted average interest rate on borrowings under its revolving credit facility was 4.22 during the year ended December 31, 2022. If interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Inherent in an Investment in Us 
 
 Diamondback owns and controls our General Partner, which has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations. Our General Partner and its affiliates, including Diamondback, have conflicts of interest with us and limited duties, and they may favor their own interests to the detriment of us and our unitholders. 
 
 Diamondback owns and controls our General Partner and appoints all of the directors of our General Partner. All of the executive officers and certain of the directors of our General Partner are also officers and/or directors of Diamondback. Although our General Partner has a duty to manage us in a manner that it believes is not adverse to our interest, the executive officers and directors of our General Partner have a fiduciary duty to manage our General Partner in a manner beneficial to Diamondback. Therefore, conflicts of interest may arise between Diamondback or any of its affiliates, including our General Partner, on the one hand, and us or any of our unitholders, on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interest, our General Partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of our common unitholders. For instance, our General Partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as Diamondback, in exercising 
 24 

Table of Content s 

 certain rights under our partnership agreement. Neither our partnership agreement nor any other agreement requires Diamondback to pursue a business strategy that favors us. Our partnership agreement replaces the fiduciary duties that would otherwise be owed by our General Partner with contractual standards governing its duties, limits our General Partner s liabilities and restricts the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that, without such limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. Except in limited circumstances, our General Partner has the power and authority to (i) conduct our business without unitholder approval (ii) determine the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and the level of cash reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is distributed to our unitholders, (iii) determine which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us, (iv) exercise its right to call and purchase common units if it and its affiliates own more than 80 of the common units, (v) control the enforcement of obligations that it and its affiliates owe to us, and (vi) decide whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us. Our partnership agreement does not restrict our General Partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with its affiliates on our behalf. Our General Partner intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations. 
 
 Neither we nor our General Partner have any employees, and we rely solely on the employees of Diamondback to manage our business. The management team of Diamondback, which includes the individuals who manage us, also perform similar services for Diamondback and certain of its affiliates, and thus are not solely focused on our business. 
 
 Neither we nor our General Partner have any employees and we rely solely on Diamondback to operate our assets and perform other management, administrative and operating services for us and our General Partner. Diamondback provides similar activities with respect to its own assets and operations and those of certain of its affiliates. Because Diamondback provides services to us that are similar to those performed for itself and its affiliates, it may not have sufficient human, technical and other resources to provide those services at a level that it would be able to provide to us if it were solely focused on our business and operations. Diamondback may make internal decisions on how to allocate its available resources and expertise that may not always be in our best interest compared to Diamondback s interests. There is no requirement that Diamondback favor us over itself or others in providing its services. If the employees of Diamondback and their affiliates do not devote sufficient attention to the management and operation of our business, our financial results may suffer and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders may be reduced. Many key responsibilities within our business have been assigned to a small number of individuals. The loss of their services could adversely affect our business. In particular, the loss of the services of one or more members of the executive team of our General Partner, including the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner, Travis D. Stice, Kaes Van t Hof and Teresa L. Dick, respectively, could disrupt our business. Further, we do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our executive team or other key personnel. As a result, we are not insured against any losses resulting from the death of these key individuals. 
 
 Our partnership agreement replaces our General Partner s fiduciary duties to our unitholders. 
 
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that eliminate and replace the fiduciary standards to which our General Partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law, such as permitting it to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our General Partner, which are otherwise free of fiduciary duties to us and our unitholders. This entitles our General Partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires and relieves it of any duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or our limited partners. Examples of decisions that our General Partner may make in its individual capacity include; how to allocate business opportunities among us and its affiliates, whether to exercise its call right, how to exercise its voting rights with respect to the units it owns, whether to exercise its registration rights and whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of the partnership or any amendment to the partnership agreement. 
 
 By purchasing a common unit, a unitholder is treated as having consented to the provisions in the partnership agreement, including the provisions discussed above. 
 
 Our partnership agreement restricts the remedies available to holders of our units for actions taken by our General Partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. 
 
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that restrict the remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our General Partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty under state fiduciary duty law. For example, our partnership agreement provides that (i) whenever our General Partner makes a determination or takes, or declines to take, any other action in its capacity as our General Partner, it is generally required to make such determination, or take or decline to take such other action, in good faith, and will not be subject to any higher standard imposed by our partnership agreement, Delaware law, or any other law, rule or regulation, or at equity, (ii) our General Partner and its executive officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages or otherwise to us or our limited partners resulting from any act or omission unless there has been 
 25 

Table of Content s 

 a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that such losses or liabilities were the result of conduct in which our General Partner, its executive officers or directors engaged in bad faith, willful misconduct or fraud or, with respect to any criminal conduct, with knowledge that such conduct was unlawful; and (iii) our General Partner will not be in breach of its obligations under the partnership agreement or its duties to us or our limited partners if a transaction, even with an affiliate or the resolution of a conflict of interest, is (a) approved by the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our General Partner, although our General Partner is not obligated to seek such approval or (b) approved by the vote of a majority of the outstanding common units, excluding any common units owned by our General Partner and its affiliates. 
 
 If an affiliate transaction or the resolution of a conflict of interest is approved by our unitholders or the conflicts committee then it will be presumed that, in making its decision, taking any action or failing to act, the board of directors of our General Partner acted in good faith, and in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of any limited partner or the partnership, the person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding will have the burden of overcoming such presumption. 
 
 Diamondback and other affiliates of our General Partner may compete with us. 
 
 Our partnership agreement provides that our General Partner is restricted from engaging in any business activities other than acting as our General Partner, engaging in activities incidental to its ownership interest in us and providing management, advisory and administrative services to its affiliates or to other persons. However, affiliates of our General Partner, including Diamondback, are not prohibited from the following; engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us; competing with us for investment opportunities; owning an interest in entities that compete with us, and; acquiring, developing or disposing of additional oil and natural gas properties or other assets in the future, without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase or develop any of those assets. 
 
 Diamondback is an established participant in the oil and natural gas industry and has resources greater than ours, which may make it more difficult for us to compete with Diamondback with respect to commercial activities as well as for potential acquisitions. As a result, competition from Diamondback and its affiliates could adversely impact our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of our partnership agreement, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, does not apply to our General Partner or any of its affiliates, including its executive officers and directors, and Diamondback. Any such person or entity that becomes aware of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for us will not have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to us. Any such person or entity will not be liable to us or to any limited partner for breach of any fiduciary duty or other duty by reason of the fact that such person or entity pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another person or entity or does not communicate such opportunity or information to us. This may create actual and potential conflicts of interest between us and affiliates of our General Partner and result in less than favorable treatment of us and our unitholders. 
 
 Holders of our units have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our General Partner or its directors, which could reduce the price at which our common units will trade. 
 
 Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management s decisions regarding our business. Unitholders have no right on an annual or ongoing basis to elect our General Partner or its board of directors. The board of directors of our General Partner, including the independent directors, is chosen entirely by Diamondback, as a result of it owning our General Partner, and not by our unitholders. Unlike publicly traded corporations, we do not conduct annual meetings of our unitholders to elect directors or conduct other matters routinely conducted at annual meetings of stockholders of corporations. As a result of these limitations, the price at which the common units will trade could be diminished because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. 
 
 Even if holders of our units are dissatisfied, they cannot remove our General Partner without its consent. 
 
 If our unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our General Partner, they have limited ability to remove our General Partner. Unitholders will be unable to remove our General Partner without its consent because affiliates of our General Partner own sufficient units to be able to prevent its removal. The vote of the holders of at least 66 2 / 3 of all outstanding units, voting as a single class, is required to remove our General Partner, and as of December 31, 2022, Diamondback owned approximately 56 of all outstanding units . 
 
 26 

Table of Content s 

 Our partnership agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20 or more of our units (other than our General Partner and its affiliates and permitted transferees). 
 
 Our partnership agreement restricts unitholders voting rights by providing that any units held by a person or group that owns 20 or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our General Partner, its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of the board of directors of our General Partner, may not vote on any matter. Our partnership agreement also contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the ability of our unitholders to influence the manner or direction of management. 
 
 Cost reimbursements due to our General Partner and its affiliates for services provided to us or on our behalf will reduce cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. There is no limit on the amount of expenses for which our General Partner and its affiliates may be reimbursed, and it determines the amount and timing of such reimbursements. 
 
 Prior to making any distribution to its unitholders, including us, the Operating Company will reimburse our General Partner and its affiliates for all expenses they incur and payments they make on our behalf. There is no limit on the amount of expenses for which our General Partner and its affiliates may be reimbursed, and the amounts may be substantial. These expenses include salary, bonus, incentive compensation and other amounts paid to persons who perform services for us or on our behalf and expenses allocated to our General Partner by its affiliates. Our General Partner will determine the expenses that are allocable to us. The reimbursement of expenses and payment of fees, if any, to our General Partner and its affiliates will reduce the amount of cash available for distribution from the Operating Company to us and from us to our common unitholders. 
 
 In addition, we have entered into a tax sharing agreement with Diamondback pursuant to which we are required to reimburse Diamondback for our share of state and local income and other taxes borne by Diamondback as a result of our results being included in a combined or consolidated tax return filed by Diamondback. 
 
 Our General Partner interest or the control of our General Partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. 
 
 Our General Partner may transfer its General Partner interest to a third party without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, our partnership agreement does not restrict the ability of the owner of our General Partner to transfer its membership interests in our General Partner to a third party. After any such transfer, the new member or members of our General Partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and executive officers of our General Partner with its own designees and thereby exert significant control over the decisions taken by the board of directors and executive officers of our General Partner. This effectively permits a change of control without the vote or consent of the unitholders. 
 
 Common unitholders may have liability to repay distributions and in certain circumstances may be personally liable for the obligations of the partnership. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, common unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under Section 17-607 of the Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, or the Delaware Act, we may not make a distribution to our unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities that are non-recourse to the partnership are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. 
 
 A limited partner that participates in the control of our business within the meaning of the Delaware Act may be held personally liable for our obligations under the laws of Delaware, to the same extent as our General Partner. This liability would extend to persons who transact business with us under the reasonable belief that the limited partner is a general partner. Neither our partnership agreement nor the Delaware Act specifically provides for legal recourse against our General Partner if a limited partner were to lose limited liability through any fault of our General Partner. 
 
 Our General Partner has a call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. 
 
 If at any time our General Partner and its affiliates (including Diamondback) own more than 80 of the units, our General Partner will have the right, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, but not the obligation, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price equal to the greater of (i) the average of the daily closing price of the common units over the 20 trading days preceding the date three days before notice of exercise of the call 
 27 

Table of Content s 

 right is first mailed and (ii) the highest per-unit price paid by our General Partner or any of its affiliates for common units during the 90-day period preceding the date such notice is first mailed. As a result, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return or a negative return on their investment. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. Our General Partner is not obligated to obtain a fairness opinion regarding the value of the common units to be repurchased by it upon exercise of the limited call right. There is no restriction in our partnership agreement that prevents our General Partner from causing us to issue additional common units and then exercising its call right. If our General Partner exercised its limited call right, the effect would be to take us private and, if the units were subsequently deregistered, we would no longer be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. The common units and Class B units are considered limited partner interests of a single class for these provisions. As of December 31, 2022, Diamondback owned approximately 56 of our total units outstanding. 
 
 We may issue additional common units and other equity interests without unitholder approval, which would dilute existing unitholder ownership interests. 
 
 Under our partnership agreement, we are authorized to issue an unlimited number of additional interests, including common units, without a vote of the unitholders. The issuance by us of additional common units or other equity interests of equal or senior rank will have the following effects; the proportionate ownership interest of unitholders in us immediately prior to the issuance will decrease, the amount of cash distributions on each common unit may decrease, the ratio of our taxable income to distributions may increase, the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common unit may be diminished, and the market price of the common units may decline. 
 
 There are no limitations in our partnership agreement on our ability to issue units ranking senior to the common units. 
 
 In accordance with Delaware law and the provisions of our partnership agreement, we may issue additional partnership interests that are senior to the common units in right of distribution, liquidation and voting. The issuance by us of units of senior rank may (i) reduce or eliminate the amount of cash available for distribution to our common unitholders; (ii) diminish the relative voting strength of the total common units outstanding as a class; or (iii) subordinate the claims of the common unitholders to our assets in the event of our liquidation. 
 
 The market price of our common units could be adversely affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common units in the public or private markets. 
 
 Sales by holders of a substantial number of our common units in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common units or could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. In addition, we have provided registration rights to Diamondback. Pursuant to these registration rights, we have registered, under the Securities Act, all of the common units owned by Diamondback for resale (including common units issuable in respect of the Class B units and the OpCo units). Under our partnership agreement, our General Partner and its affiliates have registration rights relating to the offer and sale of any common units that they hold. 
 
 Nasdaq does not require a publicly traded limited partnership like us to comply with certain of its corporate governance requirements. 
 
 Our common units are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Because we are a publicly traded partnership, Nasdaq does not require us to have a majority of independent directors on our General Partner s board of directors or to establish a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, unitholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of certain corporations that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 
 
 Our partnership agreement includes exclusive forum, venue and jurisdiction provisions. By purchasing a common unit, a limited partner is irrevocably consenting to these provisions regarding claims, suits, actions or proceedings and submitting to the exclusive jurisdiction of Delaware courts. Our partnership agreement also provides that any unitholder bringing an unsuccessful action will be obligated to reimburse any costs we have incurred in connection with such unsuccessful action. 
 
 Our partnership agreement is governed by Delaware law. Our partnership agreement includes exclusive forum, venue and jurisdiction provisions designating Delaware courts as the exclusive venue for most claims, suits, actions and proceedings involving us or our officers, directors and employees. In addition, if any person brings any of the aforementioned claims, suits, actions or proceedings and such person does not obtain a judgment on the merits that substantially achieves, in substance and amount, the full remedy sought, then such person shall be obligated to reimburse us and our affiliates for all fees, costs and expenses of every kind and description, including but not limited to all reasonable attorneys fees and other litigation expenses, 
 28 

Table of Content s 

 that the parties may incur in connection with such claim, suit, action or proceeding. By purchasing a common unit, a limited partner is irrevocably consenting to these limitations and provisions regarding claims, suits, actions or proceedings and submitting to the exclusive jurisdiction of Delaware courts. 
 
 Our General Partner may amend our partnership agreement, as it determines necessary or advisable, to permit the General Partner to redeem the units of certain unitholders. 
 
 Our General Partner may amend our partnership agreement, as it determines necessary or advisable, to obtain proof of the U.S. federal income tax status and/or the nationality, citizenship or other related status of our limited partners (and their owners, to the extent relevant) and to permit our General Partner to redeem the units held by any person (i) whose tax status has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the maximum applicable rates chargeable to our customers, (ii) whose nationality, citizenship or related status creates substantial risk of cancellation or forfeiture of any of our property and/or (iii) who fails to comply with the procedures established to obtain such proof. The redemption price in the case of such a redemption will be the average of the daily closing prices per unit for the 20 consecutive trading days immediately prior to the date set for redemption. 
 
 We are treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our cash available for distribution to our common unitholders may be substantially reduced. 
 
 We are a Delaware limited partnership that since May 10, 2018, has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, we are subject to tax at the corporate tax rate of 21 . As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Company s special allocation to Diamondback of priority allocations of the Operating Company s income and gains over losses and deductions (but before depletion) expired. As such, our taxable income for subsequent years is expected to include our share of allocations of the Operating Company s income, gains, losses and deductions, as a result of our equity interests in the Operating Company. Because an entity-level tax is imposed on us due to our status as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our distributable cash flow may be substantially reduced by our tax liabilities. 
 
 Distributions to common unitholders may be taxable as dividends. 
 
 Because we are treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, if we make distributions to our common unitholders from current or accumulated earnings and profits as computed for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such distributions will be treated as distributions on corporate stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and generally be taxable to our common unitholders as ordinary dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes (to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits). Such dividend distributions paid to non-corporate U.S. unitholders will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at preferential rates, provided that certain holding period and other requirements are satisfied. Any portion of our distributions to common unitholders that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits as computed for U.S. federal income tax purposes will constitute a non-taxable return of capital distribution to the extent of a unitholder s basis in its common units, and thereafter as gain on the sale or exchange of such common units. Subsequent to the expiration of the Operating Company s special allocation to Diamondback of priority allocations of the Operating Company s income and gains over losses and deductions (but before depletion) as of December 31, 2022, a greater proportion of our distributions may be made from current or accumulated earnings and profits and thus generally would be taxable to our common unitholders as dividends. 
 
 U.S. tax legislations may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 From time to time, legislation has been proposed that, if enacted into law, would make significant changes to U.S. federal and state income tax laws affecting the oil and natural gas industry, including (i) eliminating the immediate deduction for intangible drilling and development costs, (ii) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and natural gas properties; and (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. No accurate prediction can be made as to whether any such legislative changes will be proposed or enacted in the future or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be. These proposed changes in the U.S. tax law, if adopted, or other similar changes that would impose additional tax on our activities or reduce or eliminate deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration, development or similar activities, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the IRA, which, among other changes, imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations (generally, corporations reporting at least 1 billion average adjusted pre-tax net income on their consolidated financial statements) as well as an excise tax of 1 on the fair market value of certain public company stock/unit repurchases for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. If we are or become subject to the CAMT, our cash tax obligations for U.S. federal income taxes could be 
 29 

Table of Content s 

 significantly accelerated. To the extent the 1 excise tax applies to our repurchases of units under our common unit repurchase program, the number of units we repurchase and our cash flow may be affected. 
 
 The U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service and other standard-setting bodies are expected to issue guidance on how the CAMT, stock/unit buyback excise tax and other provisions of the IRA will be applied or otherwise administered that may differ from our interpretations. We continue to evaluate the IRA and its effect on our financial results and operating cash flow. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities. In the opinion of our management, none of the pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 

Table of Content 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Listing and Holders of Record 
 
 Our common units are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol VNOM. There were 10 holders of record of our common units on February 17, 2023. 
 
 Cash Distribution Policy 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner has established a distribution policy whereby the Operating Company distributes all or a portion of its available cash on a quarterly basis to its unitholders (including Diamondback and the Partnership). We in turn distribute all or a portion of the available cash we receive from the Operating Company to our common unitholders. Our available cash and the available cash of the Operating Company for each quarter is determined by the board of directors of our General Partner following the end of such quarter. The cash available for distribution by the Operating Company, a non-GAAP measure, generally equals our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the applicable quarter, less cash needed for income taxes payable, debt service, contractual obligations, fixed charges and reserves for future operating or capital needs that the board of directors of our General Partner deems necessary or appropriate, lease bonus income, distribution of equivalent rights payments and preferred distributions, if any. Our cash available for distribution each quarter generally equals the proportional share of the cash distributed by the Operating Company for the quarter, less cash needed by us for the payment of income taxes, if any, and the preferred distribution. Further, in July 2022, the board of directors of the General Partner approved a distribution policy, effective beginning with our distribution payable for the third quarter of 2022, consisting of a base and variable distribution, that takes into account capital returned to unitholders via our common unit repurchase program. The board updated the distribution policy in November 2022, providing that lease bonus payments and other similar, one-time, non-recurring payments will be excluded from the calculation of the Partnership s and the Operating Company s available cash. 
 
 The percentage of cash available for distribution pursuant to the distribution policy discussed above may change quarterly to enable the Operating Company to retain cash flow to help strengthen our balance sheet while also expanding the return of capital program through our common unit repurchase program. We are not required to pay distributions to our common unitholders on a quarterly or other basis. 
 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common unit repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Units Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Unit (2) 
 Total Number of Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Approximate Dollar Value of Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (3) 
 (In thousands, except unit amounts) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 21,800 30.01 21,800 560,389 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 597,500 33.06 597,500 540,638 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 357,996 31.44 357,996 529,381 Total 977,296 32.40 977,296 
 (1) Includes common units repurchased from employees in order to satisfy tax withholding requirements, if any. Such units are cancelled and retired immediately upon repurchase. 
 (2) The average price paid per common unit includes any commissions paid to repurchase a common unit. 
 (3) On July 26, 2022, the board of directors of our General Partner increased the authorization under our then-in-effect common unit repurchase program from 250.0 million to 750.0 million. This repurchase program remains subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, contractual obligations and other factors and may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the board of directors of our General Partner at any time. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 31 

Table of Content 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

Overview 
 
 We are a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership formed by Diamondback to own and acquire mineral and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties primarily in the Permian Basin. We operate in one reportable segment. 
 
 The following discussion includes a comparison of our results of operations, including changes in our operating income, and liquidity and capital resources for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021. A discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 has been omitted from this report, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 , filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022, and is incorporated by reference in this report from such prior Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2022 Transactions and Recent Developments 
 
 Commodity Prices and Certain Other Market Considerations 
 
 Prices for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. Regional and worldwide economic activity, including any economic downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur in the future, extreme weather conditions and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. These factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, NYMEX WTI has ranged from (37.63) to 123.70 per Bbl, and the NYMEX Henry Hub price of natural gas has ranged from 1.48 to 9.68 per MMBtu, with seven-year highs reached in 2022 and historic lows for oil reached in 2020. The war in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions, concerns about a potential economic downturn or recession and recent measures to combat persistent inflation have continued to contribute to economic and pricing volatility during 2022. Additionally, OPEC and its non-OPEC allies, known collectively as OPEC+, continues to meet regularly to evaluate the state of global oil supply, demand and inventory levels. However, pricing may remain volatile during 2023. 
 
 Due to improved commodity prices and industry conditions and based on the results of the quarterly ceiling tests, we were not required to record an impairment on our proved oil and natural gas interests during the year ended December 31, 2022. If commodity prices fall below current levels, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. Further, if commodity prices decrease, our production, proved reserves and cash flows may be adversely impacted. Our business may also be adversely impacted by any pipeline capacity and storage constraints. 
 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures Update 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , in individually insignificant transactions, we acquired from unrelated third-party sellers, mineral and royalty interests representing 375 net royalty acres in the Permian Basin for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately 65.9 million, including certain customary closing adjustments. We funded these acquisitions with cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we divested 325 net royalty acres of third party operated acreage located entirely in Upton and Reagan counties in the Midland Basin for an aggregate net sales price of 29.3 million, including customary closing adjustments. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we divested 93 net royalty acres of third party operated acreage located entirely in Loving county in the Delaware Basin for an aggregate net sales price of 29.9 million, including customary closing adjustments. 
 32 

Table of Content 

In the fourth quarter of 2022, we divested our entire position in the Eagle Ford Shale, consisting of 681 net royalty acres of third party operated acreage for an aggregate sales price of 53.8 million, including certain customary closing adjustments. 
 
 As a result of the 2022 acquisitions and divestitures, our footprint of mineral and royalty interests totaled 26,315 net royalty acres at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Cash Distribution Update 
 
 In July 2022, the board of directors of our General Partner approved a distribution policy, effective beginning with our distribution payable for the third quarter of 2022, consisting of a base and variable distribution, that takes into account capital returned to unitholders via our unit buyback program. The board updated the distribution policy in November 2022, providing that lease bonus payments and other similar, one-time, non-recurring payments will be excluded from the calculation of the Partnership s and the Operating Company s available cash. 
 
 Repurchases of Notes 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased an aggregate 49.6 million principal amount of the outstanding Notes for total cash consideration of 49.0 million with a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. See Note 6 Debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further details. 

Production and Operational Update 
 
 Third party operated net wells turned to production on our acreage during the third quarter of 2022 were at their highest level since the second quarter of 2019, and third party operated gross wells turned to production during the quarter were the highest in the Partnership s history. There are currently 44 rigs operating on our mineral and royalty acreage, 13 of which are operated by Diamondback. Although demand for oil and natural gas and commodity prices continued to increase in 2022, Diamondback and certain of our other operators kept production on our acreage relatively flat, using their excess cash flow for debt repayment and/or return to their stockholders rather than expanding their drilling programs. We expect our production and free cash flow outlooks to be driven by Diamondback s continued focus on developing our acreage, as well as our exposure to other well-capitalized operators in the Permian Basin. As a result of Diamondback s consistent focus on developing our high concentration royalty acreage, primarily in the Northern Midland Basin, we expect our Diamondback-operated full year 2023 oil production to increase by approximately 8 compared to 2022. We also expect that we will continue to return substantial amounts of capital to our unitholders as we can offer organic production growth with nearly no exposure to inflationary cost pressures. 
 
 33 

Table of Content 

 The following table summarizes our gross well information as of the dates indicated: 
 Diamondback Operated Third Party Operated Total Horizontal wells turned to production (fourth quarter 2022) (1) : 
 Gross wells 42 230 272 Net 100 royalty interest wells 2.3 2.3 4.6 Average percent net royalty interest 5.4 1.0 1.7 Horizontal wells turned to production (year ended December 31, 2022) (2) : 
 Gross wells 193 807 1,000 Net 100 royalty interest wells 11.8 7.0 18.8 Average percent net royalty interest 6.1 0.9 1.9 Horizontal producing well count (as of January 18, 2023): 
 Gross wells 1,575 3,624 5,199 Net 100 royalty interest wells 114.9 59.5 174.4 Average percent net royalty interest 7.3 1.6 3.4 Horizontal active development well count (as of January 18, 2023) (3) : 
 Gross wells 118 359 477 Net 100 royalty interest wells 6.0 4.3 10.3 Average percent net royalty interest 5.1 1.2 2.2 Line of sight wells (as of January 18, 2023) (4) : 
 Gross wells 190 311 501 Net 100 royalty interest wells 9.9 3.8 13.7 Average percent net royalty interest 5.2 1.2 2.7 
 (1) Average lateral length of 10,630 feet. 
 (2) Average lateral length of 10,516 feet. 
 (3) The total 477 gross wells currently in the process of active development are those wells that have been spud and are expected to be turned to production within approximately the next six to eight months. 
 (4) The total 501 line-of-sight wells are those that are not currently in the process of active development, but for which Viper has reason to believe that they will be turned to production within approximately the next 15 to 18 months. The expected timing of these line-of-sight wells is based primarily on permitting by third party operators or Diamondback s current expected completion schedule. Existing permits or active development of our net royalty acreage does not ensure that those wells will be turned to production given the volatility in oil prices. 
 
 34 

Table of Content 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes our income and expenses for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Operating income: Oil income 667,281 397,513 Natural gas income 83,149 49,197 Natural gas liquids income 87,546 54,824 Royalty income 837,976 501,534 Lease bonus income 27,791 2,763 Other operating income 700 620 Total operating income 866,467 504,917 Costs and expenses: Production and ad valorem taxes 56,372 32,558 Depletion 121,071 102,987 General and administrative expenses 8,542 7,800 Total costs and expenses 185,985 143,345 Income (loss) from operations 680,482 361,572 Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (40,409) (34,044) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net (18,138) (69,409) Other income, net 416 79 Total other expense, net (58,131) (103,374) Income (loss) before income taxes 622,351 258,198 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (32,653) 1,521 Net income (loss) 655,004 256,677 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 503,331 198,738 Net income (loss) attributable to Viper Energy Partners LP 151,673 57,939 
 
 35 

Table of Content 

 The following table summarizes our production data, average sales prices and average costs for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Production data: Oil (MBbls) 7,097 6,068 Natural gas (MMcf) 15,868 13,672 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 2,540 1,913 Combined volumes (MBOE) (1) 
 12,282 10,260 Average daily oil volumes (BO/d) 19,444 16,625 Average daily combined volumes (BOE/d) 33,649 28,110 Average sales prices: Oil /Bbl) 94.02 65.51 Natural gas /Mcf) 5.24 3.60 Natural gas liquids /Bbl) 34.47 28.66 Combined /BOE) (2) 
 68.23 48.88 Oil, hedged /Bbl) (3) 
 92.85 50.25 Natural gas, hedged /Mcf) (3) 
 4.20 3.60 Natural gas liquids /Bbl) (3) 
 34.47 28.66 Combined price, hedged /BOE) (3) 
 66.21 39.86 Average costs /BOE): Production and ad valorem taxes 4.59 3.17 General and administrative - cash component (4) 
 0.59 0.65 Total operating expense - cash 5.18 3.82 General and administrative - non-cash unit compensation expense 0.11 0.11 Interest expense, net 3.29 3.32 Depletion 9.86 10.04 
 (1) Bbl equivalents are calculated using a conversion rate of six Mcf per one Bbl. 
 (2) Realized price net of all deducts for gathering, transportation and processing. 
 (3) Hedged prices reflect the impact of cash settlements on our matured commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices. 
 (4) Excludes non-cash unit compensation for the respective periods presented. 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Royalty Income 
 
 Our royalty income is a function of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes sold and average prices received for those volumes. 
 
 Royalty income increased 336.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. As discussed in Recent Developments , strong oil prices in 2022 and to a lesser extent, the continuing recovery in natural gas and natural gas liquids prices, contributed to approximately 243.1 million of the total increase. 
 
 The remaining 93.3 million of the total increase in royalty income is attributable to the 20 increase in production volumes during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. This production growth stems from new well additions between periods primarily due to the Swallowtail Acquisition. 
 
 36 

Table of Content 

 Lease Bonus Income 
 
 Lease bonus income increased 25.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due primarily to lease ratifications with Diamondback during the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as Diamondback leasing certain acreage acquired in the Swallowtail Acquisition during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Production and Ad Valorem Taxes 
 
 The following table presents production and ad valorem taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount (In thousands) Per BOE Percentage of Royalty Income Amount (In thousands) Per BOE Percentage of Royalty Income Production taxes 42,857 3.49 5.1 25,966 2.53 5.2 Ad valorem taxes 13,515 1.10 1.6 6,592 0.64 1.3 Total production and ad valorem taxes 56,372 4.59 6.7 32,558 3.17 6.5 
 
 In general, production taxes are directly related to production revenues and are based upon current year commodity prices. Production taxes as a percentage of royalty income for 2022 remained consistent with 2021. Ad valorem taxes are based, among other factors, on property values driven by prior year commodity prices. The increase in ad valorem taxes is primarily due to accruing a full year of taxes in 2022 for the properties acquired in the Swallowtail Acquisition, as well as higher valuations assigned to our other oil and natural gas interests period over period driven by higher average commodity prices. Production taxes remained consistent as a percentage of royalty income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. We expect production and ad valorem taxes for 2023 to be approximately 7 to 8 of revenue. 
 
 Depletion 
 
 The 18.1 million increase in depletion expense for 2022 compared to 2021 was due primarily to an increase in production, partially offset by a decrease in the depletion rate to 9.86 from 10.04, respectively. The rate decrease largely resulted from higher SEC oil prices utilized in the reserve calculations in the 2022 period, lengthening the economic life of the reserve base and resulting in higher projected remaining reserve volumes on our wells. 
 
 Net Interest Expense 
 
 Net interest expense for 2022 and 2021 totaled 40.4 million and 34.0 million, respectively. The increase of 6.4 million was due primarily to an increase of 8.2 million in interest expense under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility during 2022 compared to 2021, which resulted from an increase in both the weighted average borrowings outstanding and the weighted average interest rate on those borrowings. This increase was partially offset by interest cost savings on the portion of the Notes that were repurchased during 2022. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 The following table shows the net gain (loss) on derivative instruments and the net cash receipts (payments) on derivatives for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments (18,138) (69,409) Net cash receipts (payments) on derivatives (1) 
 (31,319) (92,585) 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2022 includes cash paid on commodity contracts terminated prior to their contractual maturity of 6.6 million. 
 37 

Table of Content 

 We recorded losses on our derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily due to market prices being higher than the strike prices on our derivative contracts. We are required to recognize all derivative instruments on our balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. We have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. As a result, we mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash changes in fair value on derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of operations under the line item captioned Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net. See Note 10 Deri vatives of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional discussion of our open contracts at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 
 We recorded an income tax benefit of 32.7 million and expense of 1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in our income tax provision was primarily due to the impact of a reduction to the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets during the third quarter of 2022, partially offset by an increase in current income taxes resulting from higher pre-tax income. The total income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from amounts computed by applying the federal statutory tax rate to pre-tax income for the period primarily due to net income attributable to the non-controlling interest and the impact of maintaining a partial valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. See Note 9 I ncome Taxes of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further details. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 As we pursue our business and financial strategy, we regularly consider which capital resources, including cash flow and equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations and liquidity requirements. Our future ability to grow proved reserves will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. Our primary sources of liquidity have been cash flows from operations, proceeds from sales of non-core assets and investments, equity and debt offerings and borrowings under the Operating Company s credit agreement. Our primary uses of cash have been distributions to our unitholders, repayments of debt, capital expenditures for the acquisition of our mineral interests and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties and repurchases of our common units. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 366.2 million of liquidity consisting of 18.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and 348.0 million available under the Operating Company s credit agreement . 
 
 Our working capital requirements are supported by our cash and cash equivalents and the Operating Company s credit agreement. We may draw on the Operating Company s credit agreement to meet short-term cash requirements, or issue debt or equity securities as part of our longer-term liquidity and capital management program. Because of the alternatives available to us as discussed above, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity are adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term and long-term funding requirements including our acquisitions of mineral and royalty interests, distributions, debt service obligations and repayment of debt maturities, common unit and senior note repurchases and any amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies. 
 
 In order to mitigate volatility in oil and natural gas prices, we have entered into commodity derivative contracts as discussed further in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Commodity Price Risk . 
 
 Continued prolonged volatility in the capital, financial and/or credit markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in the Ukraine, the depressed commodity markets and, or adverse macroeconomic conditions, including persistent inflation, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions and increasing concerns over a potential economic downturn or recession, may limit our access to, or increase our cost of, capital or make capital unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Although we expect that our sources of funding will be adequate to fund our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, we cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 38 

Table of Content 

 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table presents our cash flows for the period indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash Flow Data: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 699,796 307,114 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 47,571 (281,176) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (768,636) (5,611) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (21,269) 20,327 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which are the volatility of prices for oil and natural gas and the volume of oil and natural gas sold by our producers. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily driven by higher royalty and lease bonus income in 2022 as well as a reduction in cash paid for derivative settlements. These cash inflows from operating activities were partially offset by higher production and ad valorem taxes and cash payments for income taxes as well as changes in our working capital accounts, most notably through an increase in our royalty income accounts receivable due primarily to growth in production volumes and higher average prices received for our production in 2022 compared to 2021. See Results of Operations above for further discussion of significant changes in our income and expenses. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to proceeds from the divestitures of oil and natural gas interests including our Eagle Ford properties, partially offset by expenditures for acquisitions of oil and natural gas interests. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to acquisitions of oil and natural gas interests. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Consistent with our strategy to return cash flow to unitholders, net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily related to distributions of 416.9 million to our unitholders and 150.6 million of repurchases of our common units. Additionally, we reduced our debt profile by repaying a net 152.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility, and repurchasing 49.0 million of our Notes. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily related to net borrowings of 220.0 million under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility to fund the Swallowtail Acquisition, distributions of 176.6 million to our unitholders and 46.0 million of repurchases of our common units during the fourth quarter of 2021. 

Capital Resources 
 
 The Operating Company s Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Operating Company s credit agreement, which matures on June 2, 2025, had an elected commitment amount of 500.0 million, with 152.0 million in outstanding borrowings and 348.0 million of availability. 
 
 39 

Table of Content 

 2022 Debt Transactions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Operating Company used a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s credit agreement to repurchase a portion of the Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 49.6 million for total cash consideration of 49.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Company was in compliance, and expects to be in compliance, with all financial maintenance covenants under its credit agreement. 
 
 See Note 6 Debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional discussion of our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022. 

Capital Requirements 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 Our outstanding Notes obligations total 430.4 million as of December 31, 2022. There are no principal amounts due until 2027. At December 31, 2022, we have a remaining aggregate interest expense obligation of 115.7 million on the Notes with 23.1 million being due each year from 2023 to 2027. The Notes are not subject to any mandatory redemption or sinking fund requirements. See Note 6 Debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further information on the Notes. 
 
 Repurchases of Securities 
 
 On July 26, 2022 , the board of directors of our General Partner approved an increase of the authorization under its common unit repurchase program from 250.0 million to 750.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, 529.4 million remains avail able for use to repurchase units under the repurchase program. See Note 7 Unitholders' Equity and Distributions of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further discussion of the unit repurchase program. 
 
 Cash Distributions 
 
 We paid total distributions of 416.9 million and 176.6 million on our common units, participating securities under the LTIP, and the Operating Company s Class B units during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The distribution for the fourth quarter of 2022 is 0.49 per common unit payable on March 10, 2023 to common unitholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2023. The distribution consists of a base quarterly distribution of 0.25 per common unit and a variable quarterly distribution of 0.24 per common unit. Based on the common units, Class B units and Operating Company units held by Diamondback on February 21, 2023, the distribution payable to Diamondback for the fourth quarter of 2022 on March 10, 2023 will be approximately 49.3 million. See Note 7 Unitholders' Equity and Distributions of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further discussion of our distributions. We expect to continue paying quarterly cash distributions in respect of our common units. Future base and variable distributions are not required and are at the discretion of the board of directors of our General Partner, who may change the distribution policies at any time. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated by our management, requiring certain assumptions to be made with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Accounting estimates are considered to be critical if (i) the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and (ii) the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis, using historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. 
 40 

Table of Content 

We consider the following to be our most critical accounting estimates and have reviewed these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Royalty Income and Revenue Recognition 
 
 We record revenue in the month production is delivered to the purchaser. However, settlement statements for certain oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids sales from third party operators other than Diamondback may not be received for 30 to 90 days after the date production is delivered. To the extent actual volumes and prices of oil and natural gas sales are unavailable for a given reporting period because of timing or information not received from third parties, the royalties related to expected sales volumes and prices for those properties are estimated and recorded based upon the Partnership s interest. Where available, historical actual data is used to calculate volume estimates for wells operated by third parties. If historical actual data is not available for these wells, engineering estimates are used to calculate expected volumes. As such, estimated volumes utilized in period end royalty income accruals are subject to revision as additional actual data becomes available and such revisions may have a material impact on our results of operations and our royalty income receivables. Pricing estimates are based upon actual prices realized in an area by adjusting the market price for the average basis differential from market on a basin-by-basin basis. We record the differences between our estimates and the actual amounts received for royalties from third parties in the month that payment is received from the producer. We have existing internal controls for our royalty income estimation process and related accruals, but actual third party royalty income in future periods could differ materially from estimated amounts. At December 31, 2022, our accrual for third party royalty was approximately 65.1 million. Actual revenues received from third parties were higher by approximately 10.0 million, or 20 , compared to the accrual at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Oil and Natural Gas Accounting and Reserves 
 
 We account for oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting, which is dependent on the estimation of proved reserves to determine the rate at which we record depletion on our oil and natural gas properties and whether the value of our evaluated oil and natural gas properties is permanently impaired based on the quarterly full cost ceiling impairment test. Further, we utilize estimated proved reserves to assign fair value to acquired mineral and royalty interests. As such, we consider the estimation of proved reserves to be a critical accounting estimate. 
 
 Oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Proved oil and natural gas reserve estimates and their associated future net cash flows were prepared by our internal reservoir engineers and audited by Ryder Scott, independent petroleum engineers, as of December 31, 2022 and prepared by Ryder Scott as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. Significant inputs included in the calculation of future net cash flows include anticipated production of proved reserves and other relevant data. The data for a given property may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including additional development activity, evolving production history and a continual reassessment of the viability of production under changing economic conditions. As a result, material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time, and reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. Although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that reserve estimates reported represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various properties increase the likelihood of significant changes in these estimates. If such changes are material, they could significantly affect future depletion of capitalized costs and result in impairment of assets that may be material. Revisions of previous quantity estimates accounted for approximately 23 of the change in the total standardized measure of our reserves from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, and were primarily related to negative revisions due to PUD downgrades during 2022. 
 
 Our unevaluated property costs are tracked by lease and prospect. We assess all items classified as unevaluated property (on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant) at least annually for possible impairment. This assessment is subjective and includes consideration of the calculated value for each lease based on the total costs incurred for the lease divided by the number of acres available to develop compared to current market prices for acreage in the related basins. We also monitor information available from third party operators of our acreage for future drilling plans as part of our impairment assessment. At December 31, 2022, our unevaluated properties totaled 1.3 billion. No impairments were recorded on our proved oil and natural gas properties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; however, impairment expense of 69.2 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020 as discussed further in Note 5 Oil and Natural Gas Interests of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Due to an increase in the historical 12-month average trailing SEC prices for oil and natural gas throughout 2022, we are not currently 
 41 

Table of Content 

 projecting a full cost ceiling impairment in the first quarter of 2023. Any future impairment could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 In order to reduce uncertainty around commodity prices received for our oil and natural gas operators production, we enter into commodity price derivative contracts from time to time. We exercise significant judgment in determining the types of instruments to be used, the level of production volumes to include in our commodity derivative contracts, the prices at which we enter into commodity derivative contracts and the counterparties creditworthiness. 
 
 We have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and, as a result, mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash change in fair value on derivative instruments for each period in the consolidated statements of operations. We are also required to recognize our derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value with such amounts classified as current or long-term based on their anticipated settlement dates. The accounting for the changes in fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and resulting designation, and is generally determined using established index prices and other sources which are based upon, among other things, futures prices and time to maturity. These fair values are recorded by netting asset and liability positions, including any deferred premiums, that are with the same counterparty and are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement. Changes in the fair values of our commodity derivative instruments have a significant impact on our net income because we follow mark-to-market accounting and recognize all gains and losses on such instruments in earnings in the period in which they occur. 
 
 See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Commodity Price Risk for additional sensitivity analysis of our open derivative positions at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The amount of income taxes we record requires interpretations of complex rules and regulations of federal, state, and provincial tax jurisdictions. We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (i) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (ii) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized after considering all positive and negative evidence available concerning the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Positive evidence may include forecasts of future taxable income, assessment of future business assumptions and any applicable tax planning strategies available to the Partnership. Negative evidence may include losses in recent years, if any, or the projection of losses in future periods. Estimating future taxable income requires numerous judgments and assumptions, including projections of future operating conditions which may be impacted by volatile future prices for our oil, natural gas and natural gas production, the expected timing and quantity of future production volumes, and the impact of our commodity derivative instruments on our income. These assumptions are discussed further in the critical accounting estimates titled Royalty Interest and Revenue Recognition and Oil and Natural Gas Accounting and Reserves . Due to the impact these various assumptions and estimates can have on our estimates of taxable income, an estimate of the sensitivity to changes is not practicable. 
 
 In 2022, management s assessment of all available evidence, both positive and negative, supporting realizability of the Partnership s deferred tax assets as required by applicable accounting standards, resulted in recognition of a deferred income tax benefit of 49.7 million for the portion of the Partnership s deferred tax assets considered more likely than not to be realized. The positive evidence assessed included recent cumulative income due in part to higher commodity prices and an expectation of future taxable income based upon recent actual and forecasted production volumes and prices. The Partnership retained a partial valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets due primarily to potential future volatility in commodity prices and an inherent lack of visibility to certain underlying operator activity for more than relatively short periods of time, which could impact the likelihood of future realizability. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership had a deferred tax asset of 148.1 million offset by an allowance of 98.4 million. 
 
 42 

Table of Content 

 The accruals for deferred tax assets and liabilities are often based on assumptions that are subject to a significant amount of judgment by management. These assumptions and judgments are reviewed and adjusted as facts and circumstances change. Material changes to our income tax accruals may occur in the future based on the progress of ongoing audits, changes in legislation or resolution of pending matters. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to in the notes of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for a full listing of our significant accounting policies. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risk, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates as described below. The primary objective of the following information is to provide quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in oil and natural gas prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Our major market risk exposure is in the pricing applicable to the oil and natural gas production of our operators. Realized prices are driven primarily by the prevailing worldwide price for crude oil and prices for natural gas in the United States. Both crude oil and natural gas realized prices are also impacted by the quality of the product, supply and demand balances in local physical markets and the availability of transportation to demand centers. Pricing for oil and natural gas production has been historically volatile and unpredictable and the prices that our operators receive for production depend on many factors outside of our or their control, such as the war in the Ukraine, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions, a potential economic downturn or recession, the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by OPEC members and other exporting nations. We cannot predict events that may lead to future price volatility and the near term energy outlook remains subject to heightened levels of uncertainty. 
 
 We historically have used fixed price swap contracts, fixed price basis swap contracts and costless collars with corresponding put and call options to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our royalty income as discussed in Note 10 Derivatives of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a net asset derivative position related to our commodity price derivatives of 9.8 million, related to our contracts. Utilizing actual derivative contractual volumes under our contracts as of December 31, 2022, a 10 increase in forward curves associated with the underlying commodity would have increased the net asset position by 2.8 million to 12.6 million, while a 10 decrease in forward curves associated with the underlying commodity would have decreased the net asset derivative position by 2.5 million to 7.2 million. However, any cash derivative gain or loss would be substantially offset by a decrease or increase, respectively, in the actual sales value of prod uction covered by the derivative instrument. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are subject to risk resulting from the concentration of royalty income in producing oil and natural gas properties and receivables with a limited number of several significant purchasers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, two purchasers accounted for more than 10 of our income. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, three and four purchasers each accounted for more than 10 of our income, respectively. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for further details. We do not require collateral and the failure or inability of our significant purchasers to meet their obligations to us due to their liquidity issues, bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results. Volatility in commodity pricing environment and macroeconomic conditions may enhance our purchaser credit risk. 
 
 43 

Table of Content 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest rates on our indebtedness under the Operating Company s credit agreement. The terms of the credit agreement currently provide for interest on borrowings at a floating rate equal to (i) term SOFR plus 0.10 Adjusted Term SOFR or (ii) an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the Federal Funds effective rate plus 0.50 , and 1-month Adjusted Term SOFR plus 1.00 ), in each case plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from 1.00 to 2.00 per annum in the case of the alternative base rate and from 2.00 to 3.00 per annum in the case of Adjusted Term SOFR, in each case depending on the amount of the loans outstanding in relation to the commitment, which is calculated using the least of the maximum credit amount, the aggregate elected commitment amount and the borrowing base. We are obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.375 to 0.500 per year on the unused portion of the commitment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 152.0 million in outstanding borrowings. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate was 4.22 . 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The information required by this item appears beginning on page F-1 of this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Control and Procedures . Under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner, we have established disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal controls over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of our General Partner is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Partnership. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Partnership s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework, management did not identify any material weaknesses in the Partnership s internal control over financial 
 44 

Table of Content 

 reporting and determined that the Partnership maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued their report on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, is included in this Item under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 45 

Table of Content 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 General Partner and Unitholders 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Viper Energy Partners LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiary (the Partnership as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 46 

Table of Content 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 47 

Table of Content 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Management of Viper Energy Partners LP 
 
 We are managed and operated by the board of directors and the executive officers of our General Partner, the latter of whom are employed by Diamondback. 
 
 Diamondback owns all of the membership interests in our General Partner. As a result of owning our General Partner, Diamondback has the right to appoint all members of the board of directors of our General Partner, including the independent directors. Our common unitholders are not entitled to elect our General Partner or its directors or otherwise directly participate in our management or operation. Our General Partner owes certain duties to our common unitholders as well as a fiduciary duty to its owner. 
 
 The executive officers of our General Partner manage the day-to-day affairs of our business. All of the executive officers of our General Partner also serve as executive officers of Diamondback. The executive officers listed below allocate their time between managing our business and the business of Diamondback. 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors of Our General Partner 
 
 The following table shows information for the executive officers and directors of our General Partner as of February 1, 2023. Directors hold office until their successors have been elected or qualified or until the earlier of their death, resignation, removal or disqualification. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors of our General Partner. There are no family relationships among any of our General Partner s directors or executive officers. 
 Name Age Position With Our General Partner Travis D. Stice 61 Chief Executive Officer and Director Kaes Van't Hof 36 President Teresa L. Dick 53 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary Matt Zmigrosky 44 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Steven E. West 62 Chairman of the Board and Director W. Wesley Perry 66 Director Spencer D. Armour 68 Director James L. Rubin 38 Director Frank C. Hu 61 Director 
 
 Travis D. Stice. Mr. Stice has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of our General Partner since February 2014. He has served as Diamondback s Chairman of the Board since February 2022, Chief Executive Officer since January 2012 and as a director since November 2012. Mr. Stice has also served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the General Partner of Rattler Midstream LP, referred to herein as Rattler, since July 2018. From May 2019 through August 2022, Rattler was a publicly traded subsidiary of Diamondback until it was acquired by Diamondback through a merger. Prior to these positions with our General Partner, Diamondback and General Partner of Rattler, Mr. Stice served as Diamondback s President and Chief Operating Officer from April 2011 to January 2012. From November 2010 to April 2011, Mr. Stice served as a Production Manager of Apache Corporation, an oil and gas exploration company. Mr. Stice served as a Vice President of Laredo Petroleum Holdings, Inc., an oil and gas exploration and production company, from September 2008 to September 2010 and as a Development Manager of ConocoPhillips/Burlington Resources Mid-Continent Business Unit, an oil and gas exploration company, from April 2006 until August 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Stice held a series of positions of increasing responsibilities at Burlington Resources until that company was acquired by ConocoPhillips in March 2006. Mr. Stice started his career with Mobil Oil in 1985. Mr. Stice has over 38 years of experience in production operations, reservoir engineering, production engineering and unconventional oil and gas exploration and over 29 years of management experience. Mr. Stice graduated from Texas A M University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering. He is a registered engineer in the State of Texas and is a 38-year member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. He also serves on industry boards for the American Petroleum Institute, American Exploration and Production Council, the Domestic Energy Producers Alliance, the Permian Strategic Partnership, the Texas A M Petroleum Engineering Advisory Board, and the Texas A M Engineering Advisory Council. Additionally, Mr. Stice is on the board of the Dynamic Catholic Institute and the local community board for the Midland Chamber of Commerce. 
 
 48 

Table of Content 

 We believe Mr. Stice s expertise and extensive industry and executive management experience, including at Diamondback, make him a valuable asset to the board of directors of our General Partner. 
 
 Kaes Van t Hof. Mr. Van't Hof has served as President of our General Partner since March 2017. He has served as Diamondback s President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2022. Prior to his current position with Diamondback, he served as Diamondback s Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Business Development from March 2019 to February 2022, as Senior Vice President Strategy and Corporate Development from January 2017 to February 2019 and as Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development since joining Diamondback in July 2016. Mr. Van t Hof has also served as President and director of the General Partner of Rattler since July 2018. Prior to his positions with our General Partner, Diamondback and General Partner of Rattler, Mr. Van't Hof served as Chief Executive Officer for Bison Drilling and Field Services from September 2012 to June 2016. From August 2011 to August 2012, Mr. Van't Hof was an analyst for Wexford Capital LP responsible for developing operating models and business plans, including in connection with our initial public offering, and before that worked for the Investment Banking-Financial Institutions Group of Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. from February 2010 to August 2011. Mr. Van't Hof was a professional tennis player from May 2008 to January 2010. Mr. Van't Hof received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Business Administration from the University of Southern California. 
 
 Teresa L. Dick. Ms. Dick has served as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary of our General Partner since February 2017 and served as Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Assistant Secretary from February 2014 to February 2017. She has also served as Diamondback s Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since March 2019. Ms. Dick served as Diamondback s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from February 2017 to February 2019, as its Assistant Secretary since October 2012, as its Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President from November 2009 to February 2017 and as its Corporate Controller from November 2007 until November 2009. Ms. Dick has served as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary of the general partner of Rattler since July 2018. From June 2006 to November 2007, Ms. Dick held a key management position as the Controller/Tax Director at Hiland Partners, a publicly traded midstream energy master limited partnership. Ms. Dick has over 25 years of accounting experience, including public company experience in both audit and tax areas. Since March 2021, Ms. Dick has served as a director of The Bank7 Corp. (Nasdaq: BSVN) and is a member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Ms. Dick received her Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from the University of Northern Colorado. She is a certified public accountant and a member of the American Institute of CPAs and the Council of Petroleum Accountants Societies. 
 
 Matt Zmigrosky. Mr. Zmigrosky has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of our General Partner since February 2019. Since February 2023, Mr. Zmigrosky has also served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary of Diamondback. From February 2019 to February 2023, he served as Diamondback s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Before joining us and Diamondback, Mr. Zmigrosky was in the private practice of law, most recently as a partner in the corporate section of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer Feld LLP from October 2012 to February 2019, where he worked extensively with Diamondback and its subsidiaries. Mr. Zmigrosky received a Bachelor of Science in Management degree in finance from Tulane University and a Juris Doctorate degree from Southern Methodist University Dedman School of Law. 
 
 Steven E. West. Mr. West has served as Chairman of the Board and as a director of our General Partner since February 2014. Mr. West served as a director and Chairman of the Board of the General Partner of Rattler from May 2019 to August 2022. Mr. West has also served as a director of Diamondback since December 2011 and as its Chairman of the Board from October 2012 to February 2022. He served as Diamondback's Chief Executive Officer from January 1, 2009 to December 31, 2011. From January 2011 until December 2016, Mr. West was a partner at Wexford Capital LP, focusing on Wexford s private equity energy investments. From August 2006 until December 2010, Mr. West served as senior portfolio advisor at Wexford. From August 2003 until August 2006, he was the chief financial officer of Sunterra Corporation, a former Wexford portfolio company. From December 1993 until July 2003, Mr. West held senior financial positions at Coast Asset Management and IndyMac Bank. Prior to that, he worked at First Nationwide Bank, Lehman Brothers and Peat Marwick Mitchell Co., the predecessor of KPMG LLP. Mr. West earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from California State University, Chico. 
 
 We believe that Mr. West s background in finance, accounting and private equity energy investments, as well as his executive management skills developed as part of his career with Wexford, its portfolio companies and other financial institutions qualify him to serve on the board of directors of our General Partner. In particular, we believe Mr. West s strengths in the following core competencies provide value to our board of directors: Corporate Governance; Finance/Capital Markets; Financial Reporting/Accounting Experience; Industry Background; Executive Experience; Executive Compensation; and Risk Management. 
 
 49 

Table of Content 

 W. Wesley Perry. Mr. Perry has been a member of the board of directors of our General Partner since June 2014. Mr. Perry has served as a director of Genie Energy Ltd., an independent retail energy provider, since October 2011, currently serves as the chair of its audit committee and a member of its compensation, nominating, corporate governance and technology committees and has served as the chairman of the board of directors of Genie Energy International Corporation since September 2009. Mr. Perry also serves as manager of PBEX, LLC, an oil and gas exploration and development company, a position he has held since July 2012. Mr. Perry has served as manager of S.E.S. Investments, Ltd., an oil and gas investment company, since 1985. He served as Chief Executive Officer of E.G.L. Resources, Inc., an oil and gas production company, from July 2008 until December 2019 and served as its President from 2003 to July 2008. Mr. Perry was a director of UTG, Inc., an insurance holding company, from 2001 to 2013 and served on its Audit Committee. Mr. Perry served on the Midland City Council from 2002 to 2008 and as Mayor of Midland from 2008 through 2014. He is the Chairman of the Milagros Foundation and a trustee of the Abell-Hangar Foundation. He has a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from the University of Oklahoma. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Perry s extensive experience in the oil and gas industry and his strong financial background qualify him to serve on the board of directors of our General Partner. 
 
 Spencer D. Armour. Mr. Armour has been a member of the board of directors of our General Partner since July 2017. Mr. Armour has over 30 years of executive and entrepreneurial experience in the energy services industry. Mr. Armour has served as a partner of Geneses Investments since February 2019. He served as President of PT Petroleum LLC in Midland, Texas from March 2013 until January 2019. He was the Vice President of Corporate Development for Basic Energy Services, Inc. from 2007 to 2008, which acquired Sledge Drilling Corp., a company Mr. Armour co-founded and served as Chief Executive Officer for from 2005 to 2006. From 1998 through 2005, he served as Executive Vice President of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc., which acquired Lone Star Mud, Inc., a company Mr. Armour founded and served as President of from 1986 to 1997. Mr. Armour has served as a director of ProPetro Holding Corp. since February 2013 and as a director of CES Energy since December 2018. Mr. Armour also served on the Patterson-UTI Board of Directors from 1999 through 2001. Mr. Armour received a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the University of Houston and was appointed to the University of Houston System Board of Regents in 2011 by former Texas Governor Rick Perry. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Armour s extensive experience in the oil and gas industry qualify him to serve on the board of directors of our General Partner. 
 
 James L. Rubin. Mr. Rubin has been a member of the board of directors of our General Partner since June 2014. Mr. Rubin is currently the Head of Commodity Equities at BTG Pactual Asset Management US. From 2012 to 2022, Mr. Rubin served as partner, Portfolio Manager and Co-Head of Equities and as a member of Wexford Capital s hedge fund investment committee. From 2006 to 2012, he served as an analyst and later as Vice President, focusing on Wexford s public and private energy investments. Mr. Rubin graduated cum laude from Yale University with a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors in political science and economics. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Rubin s strong financial background qualifies him to serve on the board of directors of our General Partner. 
 
 Frank C. Hu. Mr. Hu has been a director of our general partner since April 2022. Mr. Hu most recently served as an investment analyst and Vice President of Capital World Investors, an investment group in the Capital Group Companies, Inc., from 2003 to 2017. He previously served as a manager of project finance in the corporate treasury department at Unocal Corporation from 2002 to 2003, and as a global energy practice consultant at McKinsey Company from 2000 to 2002. Prior to joining McKinsey, Mr. Hu served in various roles at Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) from 1989 to 2000, including as Vice President of Downstream Operations and Business Development from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Hu has served as a member of the board of directors of EQT Corporation (NYSE: EQT) since October 2021, where he also serves on the audit committee, special hedging transaction committee and public policy and corporate responsibility committee. Mr. Hu also currently serves as an advisory board member for the Geology Planetary Science Division at the California Institute of Technology. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Hu s strong executive management experience, robust experience in the finance and oil and gas industries and diverse background qualifies him to serve on the board of directors of our General Partner. 

50 

Table of Content 

 Director Independence and Diversity 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner has six directors, five of whom are independent as defined under the independence standards established by Nasdaq and the Exchange Act. Steven E. West, W. Wesley Perry, James L. Rubin, Spencer D. Armour and Frank C. Hu serve as the independent members of the board of directors of our General Partner. Although a majority of the board of directors of our General Partner is independent, Nasdaq does not require a listed publicly traded partnership, such as ours, to have a majority of independent directors on the board of directors of our General Partner, disclose details regarding board diversity or establish a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee. However, our General Partner is required to have an audit committee of at least three members, and all its members are required to meet the independence and experience standards established by Nasdaq and the Exchange Act. 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner has established an independent audit committee and a conflicts committee, discussed in more detail below, and has diverse representatives on its board, including a female director. 
 
 Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 Leadership of our General Partner s board of directors is vested in the chairman of the board. Steven E. West serves as the chairman of the board of directors of our General Partner and as a director of Diamondback. Mr. West was also the chairman of the board of Diamondback from October 2012 to February 2022, when he was succeeded in that role by Mr. Stice. Our General Partner s board of directors has determined that Mr. West s roles of chairman of the board of directors of our General Partner and a director of Diamondback allows the board of directors to take advantage of the leadership skills of Mr. West and that Mr. West s in-depth knowledge of, and experience in, our business, history, structure and organization facilitates timely communications between the board of directors of Diamondback and the board of directors of our General Partner. 
 
 As a partnership engaged in the oil and natural gas industry, we face a number of risks, including risks associated with supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, volatility of oil and natural gas prices, exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas, declining production, environmental and other government regulations and taxes, extreme weather conditions that can affect oil and natural gas operations over a wide area, adequacy of our insurance coverage, political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions and the overall economic environment. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of risks we face as a partnership, while the board of directors of our General Partner, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, the board of directors of our General Partner has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner believes that full and open communication between management and the board is essential for effective risk management and oversight. The chairman of the board of directors of our General Partner meets regularly with the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer to discuss strategy and risks facing the partnership. Executive officers may attend the board meetings of our General Partner and are available to address any questions or concerns raised by the board on risk management-related and any other matters. Other members of our management team periodically attend the board meetings or are otherwise available to confer with the board to the extent their expertise is required to address risk management matters. Periodically, the board of directors of our General Partner receives presentations from senior management on strategic matters involving our operations. During such meetings, the board also discusses strategies, key challenges, and risks and opportunities for the partnership with senior management. 
 
 While the board of directors of our General Partner is ultimately responsible for risk oversight at the partnership, its two committees assist the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in certain areas of risk. The audit committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to risk management in the areas of financial reporting, internal controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The conflicts committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to specific matters that the board believes may involve conflicts of interest. 
 
 Meetings of the Board of Directors 
 
 During 2022, the board of directors of our General Partner met five times. Each director attended at least 80 of t he total meetings of the board and the committees of the board on which he or she served that occurred during 2022. 

51 

Table of Content 

 Communications with Directors 
 
 Unitholders or interested parties may communicate directly with the board of directors of our General Partner, any committee of the board, any independent directors, or any one director, by sending written correspondence by mail addressed to the board, committee or director to the attention of our Secretary at the following address: c/o Secretary, Viper Energy Partners LP, 500 West Texas, Suite 100, Midland, Texas. Communications are distributed to the board of directors, committee of the board of directors, or director as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. Commercial solicitations or communications will not be forwarded. 
 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner has an audit committee and a conflicts committee. We do not have a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee. Rather, the board of directors of our General Partner has authority over compensation matters and nominating and corporate governance matters. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The audit committee assists the board of directors of our General Partner in its oversight of the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and partnership policies and controls. The audit committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate our independent registered public accounting firm, approve all auditing services and related fees and the terms thereof performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, and pre-approve any non-audit services and tax services to be rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm. The audit committee is also responsible for confirming the independence and objectivity of our independent registered public accounting firm. Our independent registered public accounting firm has unrestricted access to the audit committee and our management, as necessary. The audit committee has adopted a charter, which is available on our website under the corporate governance section at http://ir.viperenergy.com. 
 
 W. Wesley Perry, Spencer D. Armour and Frank C. Hu currently serve on the audit committee, and Mr. Perry serves as the chairman. The board of directors of our General Partner has determined that each of W. Wesley Perry, Spencer D. Armour and Frank C. Hu meet the independence and experience standards established by the Nasdaq and the Exchange Act and that each of Mr. Perry and Mr. Hu is considered an audit committee financial expert as defined under SEC rules. 
 
 Conflicts Committee 
 
 Our conflicts committee reviews specific matters that the board believes may involve conflicts of interest and determines to submit to the conflicts committee for review. The conflicts committee determines if the resolution of the conflict of interest is in our best interest. The members of the conflicts committee may not be officers or employees of our General Partner or directors, officers or employees of its affiliates, including Diamondback, and must meet the independence standards established by Nasdaq and the Exchange Act to serve on an audit committee of a board of directors, along with other requirements in our partnership agreement. Any matters approved by the conflicts committee will be conclusively deemed to be approved by us and all of our partners and not a breach by our General Partner of any duties it may owe us or our unitholders. W. Wesley Perry, Spencer D. Armour and Frank C. Hu are the members of the conflicts committee. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or Code of Ethics, that applies to all employees, including executive officers, and directors of our General Partner. Amendments to or waivers from the Code of Ethics will be disclosed on our website. We have also made the Code of Ethics available on our website under the Corporate Governance section at http://ir.viperenergy.com. 
 
 Reimbursement of Expenses of our General Partner 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires us to reimburse our General Partner and its affiliates, including Diamondback, for all expenses they incur and payments they make on our behalf in connection with operating our business. Our partnership agreement does not set a limit on the amount of expenses for which our General Partner and its affiliates may be reimbursed. These expenses include salary, bonus, incentive compensation and other amounts paid to persons who perform services for us or on our behalf and expenses allocated to our General Partner by its affiliates. Our partnership agreement provides that our General Partner will determine the expenses that are allocable to us. 
 
 52 

Table of Content 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 As is commonly the case for publicly traded limited partnerships, we have no officers. Our General Partner has the sole responsibility for conducting our business and for managing our operations, and its board of directors and executive officers make decisions on our behalf. Our General Partner s executive officers are employed and compensated by Diamondback or a subsidiary of Diamondback. All of the executive officers that are responsible for managing our day-to-day affairs are also current executive officers of Diamondback. 
 
 All of the executive officers of our General Partner have responsibilities to us and Diamondback and allocate their time between managing our business and managing the businesses of Diamondback. Since all of these executive officers are employed by Diamondback or one of its subsidiaries, the responsibility and authority for compensation-related decisions for them resides with Diamondback s compensation committee. Diamondback has the ultimate decision-making authority with respect to the total compensation of the executive officers that are employed by Diamondback including, subject to the terms of the partnership agreement, the portion of that compensation that is allocated to us pursuant to Diamondback s allocation methodology. Any such compensation decisions are not subject to any approvals by the board of directors of our General Partner or any committees thereof. However, all determinations with respect to awards that are made to executive officers, key employees and non-employee directors under the LTIP are made by the board of directors of our General Partner. Please see the description of the LTIP below under the heading Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 The executive officers of our General Partner, as well as the employees of Diamondback who provide services to us, may participate in employee benefit plans and arrangements sponsored by Diamondback, including plans that may be established in the future. Certain of our General Partner s executive officers and employees and certain employees of Diamondback who provide services to us currently hold grants under Diamondback s equity incentive plan. Except with respect to any awards that may be granted under the LTIP, the executive officers of our General Partner do not receive separate amounts of compensation in relation to the services they provide to us. In accordance with the terms of our partnership agreement, we reimburse Diamondback for compensation related expenses attributable to the portion of the executive s time dedicated to providing services to us. Although we bear an allocated portion of Diamondback s costs of providing compensation and benefits to employees who serve as executive officers of our General Partner, we have no control over such costs and did not establish and do not direct the compensation policies or practices of Diamondback. Except with respect to awards granted under the LTIP, compensation paid or awarded by us in 2022 consisted only of the portion of compensation paid by Diamondback that is allocated to us and our General Partner pursuant to Diamondback s allocation methodology and subject to the terms of the partnership agreement. 
 
 A full discussion of the compensation programs for Diamondback s executive officers and the policies and philosophy of the compensation committee of Diamondback s board of directors will be set forth in Diamondback s 2023 proxy statement under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Specifically, compensation paid directly by us through our LTIP or indirectly by us through reimbursement pursuant to our partnership agreement will be included in the amounts set forth in certain of the tables included in Diamondback s 2023 proxy statement, with awards outstanding pursuant to our LTIP separately identified. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 In order to incentivize our management and directors to continue to grow our business, the board of directors of our General Partner adopted the LTIP for employees, officers, consultants and directors of our General Partner and any of its affiliates, including Diamondback, who perform services for us. 
 
 The purpose of the LTIP is to provide a means to attract and retain individuals who are essential to our growth and profitability and to encourage them to devote their best efforts to advancing our business by affording such individuals a means to acquire and maintain ownership of awards, the value of which is tied to the performance of our common units. The LTIP provides for the grant of unit options, unit appreciation rights, restricted units, unit awards, phantom units, distribution equivalent rights, cash awards, performance awards, other unit-based awards and substitute awards (collectively, awards ). These awards are intended to align the interests of employees, officers, consultants and directors with those of our unitholders and to give such individuals the opportunity to share in our long-term performance. Any awards that are made under the LTIP will be approved by the board of directors of our General Partner or a committee thereof that may be established for such purpose. We will be responsible for the cost of awards granted under the LTIP. 
 
 53 

Table of Content 

 During 2022, our General Partner made grants under the LTIP of phantom units to the non-employee directors of our General Partner (see Director Compensation below for information regarding those awards). No grants under the LTIP were made to the executive officers of our General Partner in 2022. 
 
 Administration 
 
 The LTIP is administered by the board of directors of our General Partner pursuant to its terms and all applicable state, federal, or other rules or laws. The board of directors of our General Partner has the power to determine to whom and when awards will be granted, determine the amount of awards (measured in cash or in shares of our common units), proscribe and interpret the terms and provisions of each award agreement (the terms of which may vary), accelerate the vesting provisions associated with an award, delegate duties under the LTIP and execute all other responsibilities permitted or required under the LTIP. 
 
 Change in Control 
 
 Upon a change in control (as defined in the LTIP), the committee may, in its discretion, (i) remove any forfeiture restrictions applicable to an award, (ii) accelerate the time of exercisability or vesting of an award, (iii) require awards to be surrendered in exchange for a cash payment, (iv) cancel unvested awards without payment or (v) make adjustments to awards as the committee deems appropriate to reflect the change in control. 
 
 Termination of Employment or Service 
 
 The consequences of the termination of a participant s employment, consulting arrangement or membership on the board of directors of our General Partner will be determined by the plan administrator in the terms of the relevant award agreement. 
 
 Compensation Report 
 
 Neither we nor the board of directors of our General Partner has a compensation committee. The board of directors of our General Partner has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth above. Based on this review and discussion, the board of directors of our General Partner has approved the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for inclusion in this Annual Report. 
 
 The Board of Directors of Viper Energy Partners GP LLC Travis D. Stice Steven E. West W. Wesley Perry Spencer D. Armour James L. Rubin Frank C. Hu 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 Any executive officer or employee of our General Partner or of Diamondback who also serves as a director of our General Partner does not receive additional compensation for his or her service as a director of our General Partner. Directors of our General Partner who are not executive officers or employees of our General Partner or of Diamondback receive compensation as non-employee directors as set by our General Partner s board of directors. 
 
 Each non-employee director receives a compensation package that consists of an annual cash retainer of 60,000 plus an additional annual payment of 15,000 for the chairperson and 10,000 for each other member of the audit committee and 10,000 for the chairperson and 5,000 for each other member of each other committee. In addition, each non-employee director receives an equity award of phantom units under the LTIP granted annually at the close of business on July 10th of each year or, if not a business day, the first business day thereafter. The number of phantom units awarded is calculated by dividing 100,000 by the average closing price of our common units for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant. The awards vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Our directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attending meetings of the board of directors or its committees. 
 
 54 

Table of Content 

 Each member of the board of directors of our General Partner is indemnified for his or her actions associated with being a director to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. 
 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate dollar amount of all fees earned to each of the non-employee directors of our General Partner during 2022 for their services on the board: 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in cash(a) Unit Awards(b) Total Spencer D. Armour (c)(d) 
 75,000 100,254 175,254 Rosalind Redfern Grover (c)(e) 
 75,000 100,254 175,254 Frank C. Hu (d) 
 43,350 100,254 143,604 W. Wesley Perry (c)(d) 
 85,000 100,254 185,254 James L. Rubin (c)(d) 
 60,000 100,254 160,254 Steven E. West (c)(d) 
 60,000 100,254 160,254 
 (a) This column reflects the value of a director s annual retainer. Of these amounts, 18,750, 18,750, 21,250, 15,000 and 15,000 were payments made in December 2021 to Ms. Grover and Messrs. Armour, Perry, Rubin and West, respectively, for services to be performed in the first quarter of 2022. Excluded from these amounts were payments of 18,750, 21,250, 15,000, 15,000 and 18,750 made in December 2022 to Messrs. Armour, Perry, Rubin, West and Hu, respectively, for services to be performed in the first quarter of 2023. 
 (b) The amount in this column represents the aggregate grant date fair value of phantom units granted in the fiscal year calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. 
 (c) Each of Ms. Grover and Messrs. Armour, Perry, Rubin and West received a grant of 5,513 phantom units on July 12, 2021, which vested and settled on July 12, 2022, pursuant to the LTIP, with each unit having a grant date fair value of 18.29. Each phantom unit was the economic equivalent of one of our common units. 
 (d) Each of Messrs. Armour, Hu, Perry, Rubin and West received a grant of 3,907 phantom units on July 11, 2022, which will vest and settle on July 11, 2023, pursuant to the LTIP, with each unit having a grant date fair value of 25.66. Each phantom unit is the economic equivalent of one of our common units. 
 (e) Ms. Grover received a grant of 3,907 phantom units on July 11, 2022, with each unit having a grant date fair value of 25.66. Ms. Grover retired from the board effective December 31, 2022. Prior to her retirement, Ms. Grover also served on the board s audit committee and conflicts committee. In connection with Ms. Grover s retirement, the vesting provisions of her phantom units were accelerated and subsequently became vested in January 2023. Each phantom unit was the economic equivalent of one of our common units. 
 
 Mr. Stice is a director of our General Partner, but is also an executive officer of our General Partner and Mr. Stice is an employee of Diamondback E P LLC. Mr. Stice has received awards pursuant to the LTIP for his service as an executive officer or employee, respectively, and unrelated to his service as director. These awards are reflected in the tables contained in Diamondback s 2023 proxy statement under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 As previously noted, our General Partner s board of directors is not required to maintain, and does not maintain, a separate compensation committee. Mr. Stice, a director and executive officer of our General Partner, is also a director and executive officer of Diamondback. However, all compensation decisions with respect to Mr. Stice are made by Diamondback and Mr. Stice does not receive any compensation directly from us or our General Partner except for awards under our LTIP. As described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis, decisions regarding the compensation of our General Partner s executive officers are made by Diamondback. Please read Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties Our Relationship with Diamondback and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for more information about relationships among us, our General Partner and Diamondback. 
 
 Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to Risk Management 
 
 We do not have any employees. We are managed and operated by the directors and officers of our General Partner and employees of Diamondback perform services on our behalf. Please read Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties Our Relationship with Diamondback for more information about this arrangement. For an analysis of any risks arising from Diamondback s compensation policies and practices, please read Diamondback s 2023 proxy statement. We have made awards of unit options subject to time-based vesting under our LTIP, which we believe drive a long-term perspective and which we believe make it less likely that executive officers will take unreasonable risks because the unit options retain value even in a depressed market. 
 55 

Table of Content 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Holdings of Officers and Directors 
 
 The following table presents information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common units as of February 1, 2023 by: 
 
 our General Partner; 
 each of our General Partner s directors and executive officers; and 
 all of our General Partner s directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Common Units Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage of Common Units Beneficially Owned Diamondback Energy, Inc. 731,500 1.0 Viper Energy Partners GP LLC Travis D. Stice (2) 
 106,169 Kaes Van't Hof 35,362 Teresa L. Dick 11,540 Thomas F. Hawkins Matt Zmigrosky 4,253 Steven E. West (3) 
 18,290 W. Wesley Perry (3) 
 64,245 Spencer D. Armour (3) 
 28,217 James L. Rubin (4) 
 Frank C. Hu (3) 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons) 268,076 
 Less than 1 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. In computing percentage ownership of each person, (i) common units subject to options held by that person that are exercisable as of February 1, 2023 and (ii) common units subject to options or phantom units held by that person that are exercisable or vesting within 60 days of February 1, 2023 are all deemed to be beneficially owned. These common units, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of each other person. The percentage of common units beneficially owned is based on 72,858,184 common units outstanding as of February 1, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts exclude common units issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and vesting of phantom units that are not exercisable and/or vested as of February 1, 2023 or within 60 days of February 1, 2023. Unless otherwise noted, the address for each beneficial owner listed below is 500 West Texas Avenue, Suite 100, Midland, Texas 79701. Except as noted, each unitholder in the above table is believed to have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the units beneficially held. 
 (2) All of these units are held by Stice Investments, Ltd., which is managed by Stice Management, LLC, its General Partner. Mr. Stice and his spouse hold 100 of the membership interests in Stice Management, LLC, of which Mr. Stice is the manager. 
 (3) Excludes 3,907 phantom units that are scheduled to vest on July 11, 2023. 
 (4) Excludes 45,245 common units (representing vested phantom units previously granted to Mr. Rubin) and 3,907 phantom units that are scheduled to vest on July 11, 2023, all of which have been assigned by Mr. Rubin to Wexford under the terms of his previous employment with Wexford. 
 
 56 

Table of Content 

 The following table sets forth, as of February 1, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of Diamondback beneficially owned by each of the directors and executive officers of our General Partner and all directors and executive officers of our General Partner as a group. 
 Shares of Diamondback Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class Travis D. Stice (2) 
 418,717 Kaes Van't Hof (3) 
 93,576 Teresa L. Dick (4) 
 58,321 Thomas F. Hawkins (5) 
 14,952 Matt Zmigrosky (6) 
 20,539 Steven E. West (7) 
 10,299 W. Wesley Perry Spencer D. Armour James L. Rubin Frank C. Hu All directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons) 616,404 
 Less than 1 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. In computing percentage ownership of each person, (i) shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are exercisable as of February 1, 2023 and (ii) shares of common stock subject to options or restricted stock units held by that person that are exercisable or vesting within 60 days of February 1, 2023, are all deemed to be beneficially owned. These shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of each other person. The percentage of shares beneficially owned is based on 72,858,184 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 1, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts exclude shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and vesting of restricted stock units that are not exercisable and/or vested as of February 1, 2023 or within 60 days of February 1, 2023. Except as noted, each stockholder in the above table is believed to have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially held. 
 (2) All of these shares are held by Stice Investments, Ltd., which is managed by Stice Management, LLC, its general partner. Mr. Stice and his spouse hold 100 of the membership interests in Stice Management, LLC, of which Mr. Stice is the manager. Includes 20,727 restricted stock units, that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2023. Excludes 5,166 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest in two equal annual installments beginning on May 28, 2023 and 9,227 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2024. Also excludes (i) 66,714 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Stice on March 1, 2020, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2022, (ii) 51,748 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Stice on March 1, 2021, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2023 and (iii) 41,524 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Stice on March 1, 2022, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2024. 
 (3) Includes 9,882 restricted stock units, that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2023. Excludes (i) 51,658 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest in two equal annual installments beginning on May 28, 2023, (ii) 3,845 restricted stock units, that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2024 and (iii) 8,790 restricted stock units, that are scheduled to vest in five equal annual installments beginning on March 1, 2025. Also excludes (i) 13,183 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Van t Hof on March 1, 2019 (representing 100 vesting of the originally reported amount) based upon final determination upon certification of certain stockholders return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ended on December 31, 2021, that are scheduled to vest in five equal installments beginning on March 1, 2025, (ii) 31,133 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Van t Hof on March 1, 2020, that are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2022, (iii) 27,168 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Van t Hof on March 1, 2021, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2023 and (iv) 17,302 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Van t Hof on March 1, 2022, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance 
 57 

Table of Content 

 conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2024. 
 (4) Includes 5,501 restricted stock units, that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2023. Excludes 2,583 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest in two equal annual installments beginning on May 28, 2023 and 2,051 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2024. Also excludes (i) 17,790 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Ms. Dick on March 1, 2020, which awards are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2022, (ii) 15,524 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Ms. Dick on March 1, 2021, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2023 and (iii) 9,228 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Ms. Dick on March 1, 2022, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2024. 
 (5) Includes 3,442 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2023. Excludes 2,583 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest in two equal annual installments beginning on May 28, 2023 and 1,199 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2024. Also excludes (i) 11,564 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Hawkins on March 1, 2020 that are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2022, (ii) 10,091 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Hawkins on March 1, 2021, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2023 and (iii) 5,398 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Hawkins on March 1, 2022, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2024. 
 (6) Includes 4,811 restricted stock units, that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2023. Excludes 1,034 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest in two equal annual installments beginning on May 28, 2023 and 2,050 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest on March 1, 2024. Also excludes (i) 14,232 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Zmigrosky on March 1, 2020, that are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2022, (ii) 12,420 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Zmigrosky on March 1, 2021, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2023 and (iii) 9,228 performance-based restricted stock units awarded to Mr. Zmigrosky on March 1, 2022, which are subject to the satisfaction of certain stockholder return performance conditions relative to Diamondback s peer group during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2024. 
 (7) Excludes 1,274 restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the date of grant and the date of the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders of Diamondback. 
 
 58 

Table of Content 

 Holdings of Major Stockholders 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common units and Class B units as of February 1, 2023 by each unitholder known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of our common units or Class B units. 
 
 MAJOR UNITHOLDER TABLE 
 Common Units Class B Units Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage of Class Beneficially Owned Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage of Class Beneficially Owned Diamondback Energy, Inc. (2) 
 500 West Texas Avenue, Suite 100 
 Midland, Texas 79701 
 731,500 1.0 90,709,946 100 Wellington Management Group LLP (3) 
 c/o Wellington Management Company LLP 
 280 Congress Street 
 Boston, MA 02210 
 11,024,380 15.1 Blackstone, Inc. (4) 
 345 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10154 
 9,482,228 13.0 Santa Elena Minerals, LP (5) 
 400 W. Illinois, Suite 1300 
 Midland, TX 79701 
 5,152,124 7.1 
 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. The percentage of common units beneficially owned is based on 72,858,184 common units outstanding as of February 1, 2023. Except as noted, each unitholder in the above table is believed to have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the common units and Class B units beneficially held. 
 (2) Diamondback Energy, Inc. is a publicly traded company and holds 731,500 common units and 90,709,946 Class B units, with the same aggregate number of units of the Operating Company (each, an OpCo unit that are exchangeable from time to time, in its discretion, for common units (that is, one OpCo unit and one Class B unit, together, are exchangeable for one common unit), and, as a result, Diamondback may be deemed to have the beneficial ownership of such common units. Diamondback has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the common units and Class B units it holds. The directors of Diamondback are Travis D. Stice, Steven E. West, Vincent K. Brooks, Michael P. Cross, David L. Houston, Stephanie K. Mains, Mark L. Plaumann, Melanie M. Trent, Rebecca A. Klein and Frank D. Tsuru. Travis D. Stice is the sole director of Diamondback E P. 
 (3) Based solely on Schedule 13G/A jointly filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023 by Wellington Management Group LLP Wellington Management ), Wellington Group Holdings LLP Wellington Holdings ), Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP Wellington Advisors and Wellington Management Company LLP Wellington Company ). These units are owned of record by clients of Wellington Company, Wellington Management Canada LLC, Wellington Management Singapore Pte Ltd, Wellington Management Hong Kong Ltd, Wellington Management International Ltd, Wellington Management Japan Pte Ltd and Wellington Management Australia Pty Ltd (collectively, the Wellington Investment Advisers ). Wellington Advisors controls directly, or indirectly through Wellington Management Global Holdings Ltd., the Wellington Investment Advisers. Wellington Advisors is owned by Wellington Holdings, which is in turn owned by Wellington Management. The clients of the Wellington Investment Advisers have the right to receive, or the power to direct the receipt of, dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, such securities. No such client is known to have such right or power with respect to more than five percent of this class of securities. Each of Wellington Management, Wellington Holdings and Wellington Advisors reported shared voting power over 9,995,433 common units and shared dispositive power over 11,024,380 common units. Wellington Company reported shared voting power over 9,878,636 common units and shared dispositive power over 10,602,260 common units. 
 (4) Based on Schedule 13D/A, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2022, and Form 4, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023. Represents common units held directly by BX SWT ML Holdco LLC. BX Guidon Topco LLC is the sole member of BX SWT Holdco LLC. The controlling membership interests of BX Guidon Topco LLC are held by Blackstone Management Associates VI L.L.C. and Blackstone Energy Management Associates II L.L.C. BMA VI L.L.C. is the sole member of Blackstone Management Associates VI L.L.C. Blackstone EMA II L.L.C. is the sole member of Blackstone Energy Management Associates II L.L.C. Blackstone Holdings III L.P. is the managing member of each of BMA VI L.L.C. and Blackstone EMA II L.L.C. Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P. is the general partner of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C. is the general partner of Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P. 
 59 

Table of Content 

 Blackstone Inc. is the sole member of Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C. The sole holder of the Series II preferred stock of Blackstone Inc. is Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly-owned by Blackstone s senior managing directors and controlled by its founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman. Each of the above entities or persons may be deemed to beneficially own common units beneficially owned by BX Topco or indirectly controlled by such entity or person. Each of the above entities or persons disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities in excess of their respective pecuniary interest therein. 
 (5) Based on Viper s records. 
 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 
 Long Term Incentive Plan 113,494 8,535,945 
 (1) Our General Partner adopted the LTIP in connection with the IPO in June 2014. 
 
 Changes in Control 
 
 Our General Partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, our partnership agreement does not restrict the ability of the owner of our General Partner to transfer its membership interests in our General Partner to a third party. After any such transfer, the new member or members of our General Partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and executive officers of our General Partner with its own designees and thereby exert significant control over the decisions taken by the board of directors and executive officers of our General Partner. This effectively permits a change of control without the vote or consent of the unitholders. 
 
 Treatment of Equity Awards Granted under the LTIP Upon Termination, Resignation and Death or Disability of Certain Executive Officers of our General Partner and Change of Control 
 
 No executive officers of our General Partner held unvested equity awards under the LTIP as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Agreements and Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 We have entered into certain agreements and transactions with Diamondback and its affiliates, as described in more detail below. 
 
 Payments to our General Partner and its Affiliates 
 
 Under the terms of our partnership agreement, we are required to reimburse our General Partner for all direct and indirect expenses incurred or paid on our behalf and all other expenses allocable to us or otherwise incurred by our General Partner in connection with operating our business. The partnership agreement does not set a limit on the amount of expenses for which our General Partner and its affiliates may be reimbursed. These expenses include salary, bonus, incentive compensation and other amounts paid to persons who perform services for us or on our behalf and expenses allocated to our General Partner by its affiliates. Our General Partner is entitled to determine the expenses that are allocable to us. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our General Partner received 3.7 million in reimbursements from the Partnership. 
 
 Distributions paid to Diamondback 
 
 Diamondback is entitled to receive its pro rata portion of the distributions we make on our common units and the Operating Company makes in respect of the OpCo units. Holders of the Partnership s Class B units are not entitled to receive cash distributions except to the extent of the cash preferred distributions equal to 8 per annum payable quarterly on the 1.0 million capital contribution made to us by Diamondback pursuant to the recapitalization agreement in connection with the issuance of the Class B units in the recapitalization transaction. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Diamondback received distributions from us and the Operating Company in the aggregate amount of 234.1 million. 
 60 

Table of Content 

Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 On June 23, 2014, in connection with the IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement with Diamondback. Pursuant to this registration rights agreement, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 registering, under the Securities Act, the common units issued to Diamondback for resale. The registration rights agreement also includes provisions dealing with holdback agreements, indemnification and contribution and allocation of expenses. These registration rights are transferable to affiliates and, in certain circumstances, to third parties. 
 
 In May 2018, we and Diamondback entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement, dated as of May 9, 2018. The amended and restated registration rights agreement amended the definition of registrable securities to include common units acquired or that may be acquired by Diamondback in accordance with our exchange agreement with Diamondback. In addition, whenever a holder has requested that any registrable securities be registered under the amended and restated registration rights agreement or has initiated an underwritten offering, the amended and restated registration rights agreement requires such holder, if applicable, to cause such registrable securities to be exchanged into common units in accordance with the terms of the exchange agreement before or substantially concurrently with the sale of such registrable securities. 
 In July 2018, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3ASR under which, we registered for resale by Diamondback (i) common units issuable to Diamondback upon exercise of its exchange right pursuant to the exchange agreement and Diamondback s tender to us of an equivalent number of our outstanding Class B units and outstanding OpCo Units, in each case then held by Diamondback and (ii) common units then held by Diamondback. 
 Tax Sharing Agreement 
 
 In connection with the closing of the IPO, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with Diamondback, dated June 23, 2014, in which we agreed to reimburse Diamondback for our share of state and local income and other taxes for which our results are included in a combined or consolidated tax return filed by Diamondback with respect to taxable periods including or beginning on June 23, 2014. The amount of any such reimbursement is limited to the tax that we would have paid had we not been included in a combined group with Diamondback. Diamondback may use its tax attributes to cause its combined or consolidated group, of which we may be a member for this purpose, to owe less or no tax. In such a situation, we agreed to reimburse Diamondback for the tax we would have owed had the tax attributes not been available or used for our benefit, even though Diamondback had no cash tax expense for that period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 0.9 million of state income tax expense payable under the tax sharing agreement. 
 
 Lease Bonus Payments 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Diamondback paid us 23.4 million in lease bonus payments for seven new leases. 
 
 Surface Use 
 
 Diamondback periodically pays us for surface use charges and right of way easements related to properties that Diamondback leases from us. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Diamondback paid the Partnership 0.6 million for such purposes. 
 
 Transaction with Significant Unitholder 
 
 On January 13, 2022, as part of our common unit repurchase program, we purchased 1.5 million common units with an aggregate purchase price of approximately 37.3 million in a privately negotiated transaction with an affiliate of Blackstone, Inc., or Blackstone. As of February 1, 2023, Blackstone owned approximately 13.0 of Viper s outstanding common units, which were acquired in the Swallowtail Acquisition. Additionally, an affiliate of Blackstone beneficially owned approximately 5.8 of the outstanding common stock of Diamondback at February 1, 2023. 
 
 61 

Table of Content 

 Procedures for Review, Approval and Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 The board of directors of our General Partner has adopted policies for the review, approval and ratification of transactions with related persons. The board has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics, under which a director is expected to bring to the attention of the chief executive officer or the board any conflict or potential conflict of interest that may arise between the director or any affiliate of the director, on the one hand, and us or our General Partner on the other. The resolution of any such conflict or potential conflict should, at the discretion of the board in light of the circumstances, be determined by a majority of the disinterested directors. 
 
 If a conflict or potential conflict of interest arises between our General Partner or its affiliates, on the one hand, and us or our unitholders, on the other hand, the resolution of any such conflict or potential conflict should be addressed by the board of directors of our General Partner in accordance with the provisions of our partnership agreement. At the discretion of the board in light of the circumstances, the resolution may be determined by the board in its entirety or by a conflicts committee meeting the definitional requirements for such a committee under our partnership agreement. 
 
 Any executive officer is required to avoid conflicts of interest unless approved by the board of directors of our General Partner. 
 
 The code of business conduct and ethics described above was initially adopted in connection with the closing of the IPO. As a result, the transactions described above that were effective at the time of the IPO were not reviewed according to such procedures. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K is included in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance above. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The audit committee of the board of directors of our General Partner selected Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The audit committee s charter requires the audit committee to approve in advance all audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All services reported in the audit, audit-related, tax and all other fees categories below with respect to our annual reports for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approved by the audit committee. 
 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate Grant Thornton LLP fees that were allocated to us for independent auditing, tax and related services: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Audit fees (1) 
 386 331 Audit-related fees (2) 
 84 Tax fees (3) 
 All other fees (4) 
 Total 386 415 
 (1) Audit fees represent aggregate fees for audit services, which relate to the fiscal year consolidated audit, quarterly reviews, registration statements and comfort letters. 
 (2) Audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 represent fees for an acquired business audit required pursuant to Regulation S-X, Rule 3-05. 
 (3) Tax fees represent amounts billed in each of the years presented for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 
 (4) All other fees represent amounts billed in each of the years presented for services not classifiable under the other categories listed in the table above. 
 
 62 

Table of Content 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents included in this report: 1. Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statement of Unitholders Equity 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required, not applicable or the information required to be presented is included in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 2.1# Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 6, 2021 by and among Swallowtail Royalties LLC, Swallowtail Royalties II LLC (collectively, as seller), Viper Energy Partners LLC (as buyer) and Viper Energy Partners LP (as parent, and collectively with Viper Energy Partners LLC, as buyer parties) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on August 12, 2021). 
 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Viper Energy Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-195769) filed on May 7, 2014). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Viper Energy Partners LP, dated as of May 9, 2018, as amended as of May 10, 2018 (incorporated by reference to 3.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2018) 
 3.3 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Viper Energy Partners LP, dated as of May 10, 2018. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2018). 
 3.4 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Viper Energy Partners LLC, dated as of May 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505), filed on May 15, 2018). 
 3.5 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Viper Energy Partners LLC, dated as of March 30, 2020, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on March 31, 2020). 
 3.6 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Viper Energy Partners LLC, dated as of December 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to 3.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on December 28, 2021). 
 4.1 Description of Securities of the Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File 001-36505) filed on February 18, 2020). 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2018, by and between Viper Energy Partners LP and Diamondback Energy, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2018). 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2021, by and among Viper Energy Partners LP, Swallowtail Royalties LLC and Swallowtail Royalties II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on October 7, 2021). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of October 16, 2019, among Viper Energy Partners LP, as issuer, Viper Energy Partners LLC, as guarantor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (including the form of Viper Energy Partners LP s 5.375 Senior Notes due 2027) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on October 17, 2019). 
 
 63 

Table of Content 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2018, by and among, Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on July 26, 2018). 
 10.2+ Viper Energy Partners LP Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on June 23, 2014). 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on June 23, 2014). 
 10.4 Tax Sharing Agreement, dated June 23, 2014, by and between Viper Energy Partners LP and Diamondback Energy, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on June 23, 2014). 
 10.5+ Form of Unit Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on June 23, 2014). 
 10.6+ Form of Phantom Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on February 18, 2020). 
 10.7 Recapitalization Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2018, by and among Diamondback Energy, Inc., Viper Energy Partners LLC, Viper Energy Partners GP LLC and Viper Energy Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Annex C to the Partnership s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-36505) filed on April 17, 2018). 
 10.8 First Amendment to Recapitalization Agreement dated as of May 9, 2018, by and among Diamondback Energy, Inc., Viper Energy Partners LLC, Viper Energy Partners GP LLC and Viper Energy Partners LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2018). 
 10.9 Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2018, by and among Diamondback Energy, Inc., Viper Energy Partners LLC, Viper Energy Partners GP LLC and Viper Energy Partners LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2018). 
 10.10 First Amendment to Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2018, by and among Diamondback Energy, Inc., Viper Energy Partners LLC, Viper Energy Partners GP LLC and Viper Energy Partners LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2018). 
 10.11 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2019, among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lender party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on September 30, 2019). 
 10.12 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2019, among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lender party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on October 10, 2019). 
 10.13 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2019, among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on December 5, 2019). 
 10.14 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on May 15, 2020). 
 10.15 Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on November 12, 2020). 
 10.16 Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement and Second Amendment to Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on June 8, 2021). 
 
 64 

Table of Content 

 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 10.17 Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement and Second Amendment to Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2021, by and among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36505) filed on November 18, 2021). 
 10.18 Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement and Second Amendment to Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, by and among Viper Energy Partners LLC, as borrower, Viper Energy Partners LP, as parent guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 
 10.19 Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of October 16, 2019, by Viper Energy Partners LLC in favor of Viper Energy Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-36505) filed on October 17, 2019). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Viper Energy Partners LP. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 
 23.2 Consent of Ryder Scott Company, LP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1++ Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 99.1 
 Ryder Scott Company, L.P.'s Audit Report on Reserves. 
 101 The following financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Unitholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 + 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ++ 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 # Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and will be provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 65 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP Date: February 23, 2023 By: VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS GP LLC its General Partner By: /s/ Travis D. Stice Name: Travis D. Stice Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Travis D. Stice Chief Executive Officer and Director February 23, 2023 Travis D. Stice (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Teresa L. Dick Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Teresa L. Dick (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Steven E. West Chairman of the Board and Director February 23, 2023 Steven E. West /s/ W. Wesley Perry Director February 23, 2023 W. Wesley Perry /s/ Spencer D. Armour Director February 23, 2023 Spencer D. Armour /s/ James L. Rubin Director February 23, 2023 James L. Rubin /s/ Frank C. Hu Director February 23, 2023 Frank C. Hu 
 
 S-1 

Table of Content 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 General Partner and Unitholders 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Viper Energy Partners LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiary (the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, unitholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate 
 
 Estimation of proved reserves as it relates to the calculation and recognition of depletion expense 
 
 As described further in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Partnership accounts for its oil and gas properties using the full cost method of accounting, which requires management to make estimates of proved reserve volumes and future revenues to record depletion expense. To estimate the volume of proved reserves and future revenues, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, including forecasting the timing and volumetric amounts of production and corresponding decline rate of producing properties associated with the operator s development plan. We identified the estimation of proved reserves of oil and gas properties as it relates to the calculation and recognition of depletion expense as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the estimation of proved reserves is a critical audit matter are that changes in certain inputs and assumptions, which require a high degree of subjectivity, necessary to estimate the volume and future revenues of the Partnership s proved reserves could have a significant impact on the measurement of depletion expense. In turn, auditing those inputs and assumptions required subjective and complex auditor judgment. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimation of proved reserves included the following, among others. 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls relating to management s estimation of proved reserves for the purpose of estimating depletion expense. Specifically, these controls related to the use of historical information in the estimation of proved reserves derived from the Partnership s accounting records, the controls on information provided to the reservoir engineering specialists and the management review controls on the final proved reserve report. 
 F-1 

Table of Content 

 We evaluated the level of knowledge, skill, and ability of the Partnership s reservoir engineering specialists, made inquiries of those reservoir engineers regarding the process followed and judgments made to estimate the Partnership s proved reserve volumes, and read the reserve report prepared by the Partnership s specialists. 
 Identified inputs and assumptions that were significant to the period end determination of proved reserve volumes and tested management s process of determining the significant inputs and assumptions, as follows: 
 Compared the estimated pricing and pricing differentials used in the reserve report to actual realized prices related to revenue transactions recorded in the current year; 
 Vouched, on a sample basis, the net revenue interests used in the reserve report to underlying land and division order records; 
 Obtained evidence supporting the amount of development of proved undeveloped properties reflected in the reserve report and compared future development plans to historical conversion rates to evaluate the likelihood of development related to the proved undeveloped properties; 
 Evaluated the estimated ultimate recovery of proved undeveloped properties by comparing forecasted amounts on a sample of individual wells to the estimated ultimate recovery of comparable proved developed producing properties; and 
 Applied analytical procedures on inputs to the reserve report by comparing to historical actual results and to the prior year reserve report. 
 
 Estimation of future taxable income of the Partnership as it relates to the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 
 As described further in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Partnership recognized discrete income tax benefits related to a partial release of its beginning-of-the-year valuation allowance, based on a change in judgment about the realizability of its deferred tax assets in future years. Management s assessment of all available evidence, both positive and negative, supporting the realizability of the Partnership s deferred tax assets, as required by applicable accounting standards, resulted in the recognition of a tax benefit for the portion of the Partnership s deferred tax assets considered more likely than not to be realized. We identified the estimation of future taxable income of the Partnership as it relates to the realizability of the deferred tax asset and the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of future taxable income as it relates to the realizability of the deferred tax asset and the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance is a critical audit matter is that changes in certain inputs and assumptions, which require a high degree of subjectivity, necessary to estimate the future taxable income could have a significant impact on the measurement of the deferred tax asset and the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. In turn, auditing those inputs and assumptions required subjective and complex auditor judgment. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimation of future taxable income as it relates to the realizability of the deferred tax asset and the partial release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance included the following, among others. 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls relating to the income tax provision which includes the periodic evaluation of the valuation allowance, and as applicable, the measurement of any full or partial release of the valuation allowance. Specifically, these controls related to the preparation and review of the tax provision, including the estimation of future taxable income required as part of the evaluation and measurement of the release of the valuation allowance. 
 Identified inputs and assumptions that were significant to the determination of future taxable income and tested management s process for determining the assumptions, including understanding and testing management s development plan of oil and gas properties. Specifically, our audit procedures involved testing management s assumptions as follows: 
 Tested whether the tax basis of depletable properties was in excess of the book basis of those properties and whether the book income before depletion would be greater than tax depletion for the forecasted periods; 
 Evaluated whether income is forecasted to be recognized in a period no earlier than when the Partnership s tax depletion deductions are forecasted and evaluated whether the time period in which these deductions would be generated were reasonable; 
 Evaluated the inputs to the tax depletion calculation, including the initial tax depletable basis of the leaseholds, initial tax basis in the undeveloped leaseholds, estimated transfers of undeveloped to developed properties, production, and reserves volumes used in computing the unit of production ratio; 
 Clerically tested the mathematical calculation of the tax depletion; 
 Evaluated the Partnership s forecasts of future production volumes including the amount of proved undeveloped properties and future reserves to be developed by comparing forecasted future production to historical actual production, historical conversion rates and actual volume decline curves, and by comparing the forecast utilized to the SEC reserve report and evaluating any differences; 
 Compared the estimated realized pricing used in the future taxable income forecast to quoted future market pricing for observable periods; 
 F-2 

Table of Content 

 Compared the net revenue interests used in the forecast of producing reserves and related future taxable income to the Partnership s interim and year-end reserve reports; and 
 Evaluated the production tax, ad valorem tax, interest expense, and general and administrative expense included in the estimates of future taxable income forecast by comparing to historical actuals. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2013. 

February 23, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except unit amounts) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Royalty income receivable (net of allowance for credit losses) Royalty income receivable related party Derivative instruments Other current assets Total current assets Property: Oil and natural gas interests, full cost method of accounting and excluded from depletion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Land Accumulated depletion and impairment ) ) Property, net Derivative instruments Deferred income taxes (net of allowances) Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Unitholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable related party Accrued liabilities Derivative instruments Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Derivative instruments Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Unitholders equity: General Partner Common units units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021) 
 Class B units units issued and outstanding December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 
 Total Viper Energy Partners LP unitholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Total liabilities and unitholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per unit amounts) Operating income: Royalty income Lease bonus income Other operating income Total operating income Costs and expenses: Production and ad valorem taxes Depletion Impairment General and administrative expenses Total costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) ) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net ) ) ) Gain (loss) on revaluation of investment ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income (loss) attributable to Viper Energy Partners LP ) Net income (loss) attributable to common limited partner units: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average number of common limited partner units outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Statement of Consolidated Unitholders Equity 

 Limited Partners General Partner Non-Controlling Interest Common Class B Amount Amount Units Amount Units Amount Total (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2019 Unit-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock units Distribution equivalent rights payments ) ) Distributions to public ) ) Distributions to Diamondback ) ) ) ) Distributions to General Partner ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Cash paid for tax withholding on vested common units ) ) Repurchased units as part of unit buyback ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Unit-based compensation Common units issued for acquisition Vesting of restricted stock units Distribution equivalent rights payments ) ) Distributions to public ) ) Distributions to Diamondback ) ) ) ) Distributions to General Partner ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Cash paid for tax withholding on vested common units ) ) Repurchased units as part of unit buyback ) ) ) Net income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2021 Unit-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock units Distribution equivalent rights payments ) ) Distributions to public ) ) Distributions to Diamondback ) ) ) ) Distributions to General Partner ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Repurchased units as part of unit buyback ) ) ) Net income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for (benefit from) deferred income taxes ) Depletion Impairment (Gain) loss on derivative instruments, net Net cash receipts (payments) on derivatives ) ) ) (Gain) loss on revaluation of investment Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Royalty income receivable ) ) Royalty income receivable related party ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable related party ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of oil and natural gas interests ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of oil and natural gas interests Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings under credit facility Repayment on credit facility ) ) ) Repayment of senior notes ) ) Repurchased units as part of unit buyback ) ) ) Distributions to public ) ) ) Distributions to Diamondback ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Cash paid (received) for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non cash transactions: Common units issued for acquisition 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 general partner interest in the Partnership and Diamondback Energy, Inc. Diamondback beneficially owned approximately of the Partnership s total limited partner units outstanding. Diamondback owns and controls the General Partner. 

2. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

F-9 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depletion for oil and natural gas properties was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Under the full cost method of accounting, the Partnership is required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. The test determines a limit, or ceiling, on the book value of the proved oil and natural gas properties. Net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of unamortized cost net of deferred income taxes, or the cost center ceiling. The cost center ceiling is defined as the sum of (a) estimated future net revenues, discounted at 10 per annum, from proved reserves, based on the trailing 12-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month price, adjusted for any contract provisions and excluding the estimated abandonment costs for properties with asset retirement obligations recorded on the balance sheet, (b) the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, and (c) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the cost being amortized, including related deferred taxes for differences between the book and tax basis of the oil and natural gas properties. If the net book value, including related deferred taxes, exceeds the ceiling, an impairment or non-cash write-down is required. See Note 5 Oil and Natural Gas Interests for additional discussion of our oil and natural gas properties. 
 
 Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until the Partnership has made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. The Partnership assesses all items classified as unevaluated property at least annually for possible impairment. The Partnership assesses properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent of the operator to drill; remaining lease term with the current operator; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization. 
 
 million and million, and accumulated amortization of those costs over the term of the credit agreement of million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 senior notes due 2027 (the Notes See Note 6 Debt for further details. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Diamondback, either directly or through its consolidated subsidiaries, paid the Partnership million of lease bonus income primarily related to lease ratification and certain leases acquired in the Swallowtail Acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Diamondback, either directly or through its consolidated subsidiaries, paid the Partnership million of lease bonus income related to new leases. 
 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 
 The Company s accrued liabilities are financial instruments for which the carrying value approximates fair value. 
 
 Ad valorem taxes payable Derivatives instruments payable Other Total accrued liabilities and Vitol Midstream Pipeline LLC ). For the year ended December 31, 2021, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10 of royalty income: Trafigura Trading LLC ), Shell Trading (US) Company and Vitol Midstream Pipeline LLC ). For the year ended December 31, 2020, four purchasers each accounted for more than 10 of royalty interest revenue: Trafigura Trading LLC ), Vitol Midstream Pipeline LLC ), Shell Trading (US) Company and Concho Resources ). The Partnership does not require collateral and does not believe the loss of any single purchaser would materially impact the Partnership s operating results, as crude oil and natural gas are fungible products with well-established markets and numerous purchasers. 

interest or penalties associated with uncertain tax positions recognized in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements. See Note 9 Income Taxes for further details. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

3. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, any revenues recognized in the current reporting period for performance obligations satisfied in prior reporting periods was not material. 
 
 Natural gas income Natural gas liquids income Total royalty income 

4. 
 
 net royalty acres in the Permian Basin for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately million, including certain customary closing adjustments. The Partnership funded these acquisitions with cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

net royalty acres of third party operated acreage located entirely in Upton and Reagan counties in the Midland Basin for an aggregate net sales price of million, including customary closing adjustments. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the Partnership divested net royalty acres of third party operated acreage located entirely in Loving county in the Delaware Basin for an aggregate net sales price of million, including customary closing adjustments. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Partnership divested its entire position in the Eagle Ford Shale consisting of net royalty acres of third party operated acreage for an aggregate net sales price of million, including certain customary closing adjustments. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 Swallowtail Acquisition 
 
 On October 1, 2021 , the Partnership and the Operating Company acquired certain mineral and royalty interests from Swallowtail Royalties LLC and Swallowtail Royalties II LLC (the Swallowtail entities pursuant to a definitive purchase and sale ag reement for approximately million common units and approximately million in cash (the Swallowtail Acquisition ). The mineral and royalty interests acquired in the Swallowtail Acquisition represent net royalty acres primarily in the Northern Midland Basin, of which are operated by Diamondback. The Swallowtail Acquisition had an effective date of August 1, 2021. The cash portion of this transaction was funded through a combination of cash on hand and approximately of million borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 Other 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 Additionally during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Partnership acquired, from unrelated third party sellers, mineral and royalty interests representing gross net royalty) acres in the Permian Basin for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, after post-closing adjustments. The Partnership funded these acquisitions with cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership acquired, from unrelated third party sellers, mineral and royalty interests representing gross net royalty) acres in the Permian Basin for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, after post-closing adjustments. The Partnership funded these acquisitions with cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 5. 
 
 Not subject to depletion Gross oil and natural gas interests Accumulated depletion and impairment ) ) Oil and natural gas interests, net Land Property, net of accumulated depletion and impairment Balance of costs not subject to depletion: Incurred in 2022 Incurred in 2021 Incurred in 2020 Prior Total not subject to depletion 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Partnership had mineral and royalty interests representing and net royalty acres, respectively. 
 
 Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until a determination as to the existence of proved reserves can be made. The inclusion of the Partnership s unevaluated costs into the amortization base is expected to be completed within eight to . 
 
 Based on the results of the quarterly ceiling tests, the Partnership was required to record an impairment on our proved oil and natural gas interests for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Partnership recorded an impairment expense of million as a result of the decline in commodity prices for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition to commodity prices, the Partnership s production rates, levels of proved reserves, transfers of unevaluated properties and other factors will determine its actual ceiling test limitations and impairment analysis in future periods. If the trailing 12-month commodity prices were to fall as compared to the com modity prices used in prior quarters, the Partnership will have write-downs in subsequent quarters, which may be material. 

6. 
 
 senior unsecured notes due 2027 
 Revolving credit facility Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unamortized discount ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 million principal amount of the outstanding Notes for total cash consideration of million, which resulted in an immaterial loss on extinguishment of debt after including accrued interest and the write-off of related unamortized costs. The Partnership funded the debt repurchases through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 The Operating Company s Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 The Operating Company, as borrower, and the Partnership, as parent guarantor, maintain a credit agreement, as amended, which provides for a maximum credit amount of billion and a borrowing base of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Company had elected a commitment amount of million, with million of outstanding borrowings and million available for future borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving cred it facility. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings under the Operating Company s revolving credit facility was , , and , respectively. 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Operating Company entered into the ninth amendment to the existing credit agreement, which, among other things, (i) maintained the maximum amount of the revolving credit facility at billion, (ii) reaffirmed the borrowing base of million based on the Operating Company s oil and natural gas reserves and other factors, (iii) maintained the Operating Company s ability to elect a commitment amount that is less than its borrowing base as determined by the lenders, and (iv) replaced the London interbank offered rate benchmark with the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ). 
 
 The outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a rate elected by the Operating Company that is equal to (i) term SOFR plus Adjusted Term SOFR or (ii) an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the Federal Funds effective rate plus , and 1-month Adjusted Term SOFR plus ), in each case plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from to per annum in the case of the alternative base rate and from to per annum in the case of Adjusted Term SOFR, in each case depending on the amount of the loans outstanding in relation to the commitment, which is calculated using the least of the maximum credit amount, the aggregate elected commitment amount and the borrowing base. The Operating Company is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from to per year on the unused portion of the commitment. The credit agreement is secured by substantially all the assets of the Partnership and the Operating Company. The Partnership applied the optional expedient in ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) - Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting for this contract modification, which did not have an impact on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 to 1.0 
 Ratio of current assets to liabilities, as defined in the credit agreement Not less than to 1.0 
 Ratio of secured debt to EBITDAX, as defined in the credit agreement Not greater than to 1.0 

As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Company was in compliance with all financial maintenance covenants under its credit agreement. 

7. 
 
 common units issued and outstanding and Class B units issued and outstanding, of which common units and Class B units were beneficially owned by Diamondback, representing approximately of the Partnership s total units outstanding. Diamondback also beneficially owns Operating Company units, representing a non- controlling ownership interest in the Operating Company. The Operating Company units and the Partnership s Class B units beneficially owned by Diamondback are exchangeable from time to time for the Partnership s common units (that is, Operating Company unit and Partnership Class B unit, together, will be exchangeable for Partnership common unit). 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 million of the Partnership s outstanding common units over an indefinite period of time. The Partnership intends to purchase common units un der the repurchase program opportunistically with funds from cash on hand, free cash flow from operatio ns and potential l iquidity events such as the sale of assets. This repurchase program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the board of directors of the Partnership s General Partner at any time. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership repurchased approximately million, million, and million of common units under the repurchase program, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million remains available for use under the repurchase program. 
 
 Changes in Ownership of Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-controlling interest in the accompanying consolidated financial statements represents Diamondback s ownership in the net assets of the Operating Company. Diamondback s relative ownership interest in the Operating Company can change due to the Partnership s public offerings, issuance of units for acquisitions, issuance of unit-based compensation, repurchases of common units and distribution equivalent rights paid on the Partnership s units. These changes in ownership percentage and the disproportionate allocation of net income (loss) to Diamondback discussed below result in adjustments to non-controlling interest and common unitholder equity, tax effected, but do not impact earnings. 
 
 ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Change from net income (loss) attributable to the Partnership's unitholders and transfers to non-controlling interest ) ) 
 
 Cash Distributions 
 
 The board of directors of the General Partner has established a distribution policy, as amended, whereby the Operating Company distributes all or a portion of its available cash on a quarterly basis to its unitholders (including Diamondback and the Partnership). The Partnership in turn distributes all or a portion of the available cash it receives from the Operating Company to its common unitholders. The Partnership s available cash and the available cash of the Operating Company for each quarter is determined by the board of directors of the General Partner following the end of such quarter. The cash available for distribution by the Operating Company, a non-GAAP measure, generally equals the Partnership s consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the applicable quarter, less cash needed for income taxes payable, debt service, contractual obligations, fixed charges and reserves for future operating or capital needs that the board of directors of the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate, lease bonus income, distribution equivalent rights payments and preferred distributions, if any. The Partnership s cash available for distribution for each quarter generally equals the Partnership s proportional share of the cash distributed by the Operating Company for the quarter, less cash needed by the Partnership for the payment of income taxes, if any, and the preferred distribution. Further, i n July 2022, the board of directors of the General Partner approved a distribution policy, effective with the Partnership s distribution payable for the third quarter of 2022, consisting of a base and variable distribution, that takes into account capital returned to unitholders via our common unit repurchase program. The board of directors updated the distribution policy in November 2022, providing that lease bonus payments and other similar, one-time, non-recurring payments will be excluded from the calculation of the Partnership s and the Operating Company s available cash. 
 
 The percentage of cash available for distribution pursuant to the distribution policy discussed above may change quarterly to enable the Operating Company to retain cash flow to help strengthen the Partnership s balance sheet while also expanding the return of capital program through the Partnership s common unit repurchase program. The Partnership is not required to pay distributions to its common unitholders on a quarterly or other basis. 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 February 7, 2020 February 21, 2020 February 28, 2020 Q1 2020 April 30, 2020 May 14, 2020 May 21, 2020 Q2 2020 July 29, 2020 August 13, 2020 August 20, 2020 Q3 2020 October 28, 2020 November 12, 2020 November 19, 2020 Q4 2020 February 19, 2021 March 4, 2021 March 11, 2021 Q1 2021 April 27, 2021 May 13, 2021 May 20, 2021 Q2 2021 July 28, 2021 August 12, 2021 August 19, 2021 Q3 2021 October 27, 2021 November 11, 2021 November 18, 2021 Q4 2021 February 16, 2022 March 4, 2022 March 11, 2022 Q1 2022 April 27, 2022 May 12, 2022 May 19, 2022 Q2 2022 July 26, 2022 August 16, 2022 August 23, 2022 Q3 2022 November 3, 2022 November 17, 2022 November 25, 2022 
 (1) Includes amounts paid to Diamondback for the common units beneficially owned by Diamondback and distribution equivalent rights payments. 
 
 Cash distributions will be made to the common unitholders of record on the applicable record date, generally within days after the end of each quarter. 
 
 Allocation of Net Income 
 
 The Partnership, as managing member of the Operating Company, had an agreement, as amended on December 28, 2021, whereby special allocations of the Operating Company s income and gains over losses and deductions (but before depletion) were made to Diamondback through December 31, 2022. These special income allocations reduced the taxable income allocated to the Partnership s common unitholders during the reporting periods. 

8. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 ) Less: net income (loss) allocated to participating securities (1) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common unitholders ) Weighted average common units outstanding: Basic weighted average common units outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Potential common units issuable (2) 
 Diluted weighted average common units outstanding Net income (loss) per common unit, basic ) Net income (loss) per common unit, diluted ) 
 (1) Restricted stock units with non-forfeitable distribution equivalent rights granted to employees are considered participating securities. 
 significant potential common units were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common unit because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2021, potential common units were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common unit because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2020, potential common units were included in the computation of diluted earnings per common unit because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive as a result of recording a net loss attributable to the common unitholders for the period. 

9. 
 
 State Total current income tax provision (benefit) Deferred income tax provision (benefit): Federal ) State Total deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Total provision (benefit) from income taxes ) Effective tax rates ) ) 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 ) Impact of nontaxable noncontrolling interest ) ) State income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax effect Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other, net ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 
 Investment in the Operating Company Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Partnership has net deferred tax assets of approximately million, including federal capital loss carryforwards expiring in 2026-2027 of approximately million, and immaterial state operating loss carryforwards. Deferred taxes are provided on the difference between the Partnership s basis for financial accounting purposes and basis for federal income tax purposes in its investment in the Operating Company. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Partnership recognized discrete income tax benefit of million related to a partial release of its beginning-of-the-year valuation allowance, based on a change in judgment about the realizability of its deferred tax assets in future years. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, the Partnership had a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, based on its assessment of all available evidence, both positive and negative, supporting realizability of the Partnership s deferred tax assets. 
 
 The Partnership principally operates in the state of Texas. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership recognized million and million, respectively, in state income tax expense primarily for its share of Texas margin tax attributable to the Partnership s results which are included in a combined tax return filed by Diamondback. At December 31, 2022, the Partnership did not have any significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the financial statements. The Partnership s 2018 through 2022 tax years remain open to examination by tax authorities. 
 
 The CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 CHIPS was enacted on August 9, 2022, and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted on August 16, 2022, which imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax on the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations (generally, corporations reporting at least 1 billion average adjusted pre-tax net income on their consolidated financial statements) as well as an excise tax of 1 on the fair market value of certain public company stock/unit repurchases for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and included several other provisions applicable to U.S. income taxes for corporations. The Partnership considered the impact of this legislation in the period of enactment and concluded there was not a material impact to the Partnership s current or deferred income tax balances. 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 10. 
 
 WTI Cushing Apr. - Jun. 2023 Puts (2) 
 WTI Cushing Jan. - Dec. 2023 Basis Swaps Argus WTI Midland NATURAL GAS Jan. - Dec. 2023 Basis Swaps Waha Hub ) Jan. - Dec. 2024 Basis Swaps Waha Hub ) 
 (1) Includes a deferred premium at a weighted average price of /Bbl. 
 (2) Includes a deferred premium at a weighted average price of /Bbl. 
 
 Balance Sheet Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The fair value of swaps is generally determined using established index prices and other sources which are based upon, among other things, futures prices and time to maturity. These fair values are recorded by netting asset and liability positions, including any deferred premiums, that are with the same counterparty and are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement. See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) ) ) Net cash receipts (payments) on derivatives (1) 
 ) ) ) 
 million. 

11. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 ) Non-current: Derivative instruments ) Liabilities: Current: Derivative instruments ) Non-current: Derivative instruments ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Gross Fair Value Gross Amounts Offset in Balance Sheet Net Fair Value Presented in Balance Sheet (In thousands) Assets: Current: Derivative instruments ) Liabilities: Current: Derivative instruments ) 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Not Recorded at Fair Value 
 
 senior notes due 2027 (1) 
 
 (1) The carrying value includes associated deferred loan costs and any discount. 
 
 The fair value of the Operating Company s revolving credit facility approximates the carrying value based on borrowing rates available to the Partnership for bank loans with similar terms and maturities and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Notes was determined using the December 31, 2022 quoted market price, a Level 1 classification in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

12. 

13. 
 
 per common unit, payable on March 10, 2023, to unitholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2023. The distribution consists of a base quarterly distribution of per common unit and a variable quarterly distribution of per common unit. 

14. 
 
 Unproved Total oil and natural gas interests Accumulated depletion and impairment ) ) Net oil and natural gas interests capitalized 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 Unproved properties Total 
 
 Results of Operations from Oil and Natural Gas Producing Activities 
 
 Substantially all of the Partnership s producing activities are from oil and natural gas activities and are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. 
 
 Oil and Natural Gas Reserves 
 
 Proved oil and natural gas reserve estimates and their associated future net cash flows were prepared by our internal reservoir engineers and audited by Ryder Scott Company, L.P., independent petroleum engineers, as of December 31, 2022 and prepared by Ryder Scott as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Proved reserves were estimated in accordance with guidelines established by the SEC, which require that reserve estimates be prepared under existing economic and operating conditions based upon the 12-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month prices. 
 
 There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves. Oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of the estimate may justify revision of such estimate. Accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 Purchase of reserves in place Extensions and discoveries Revisions of previous estimates ) ) Divestitures ) ) ) ) Production ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2020 Purchase of reserves in place Extensions and discoveries Revisions of previous estimates ) ) ) Divestitures ) ) ) ) Production ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2021 Purchase of reserves in place Extensions and discoveries Revisions of previous estimates Divestitures ) ) ) ) Production ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022 Proved Developed Reserves: December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Proved Undeveloped Reserves: December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 
 
 Revisions represent changes in previous reserves estimates, either upward or downward, resulting from new information normally obtained from development drilling and production history or resulting from a change in economic factors, such as commodity prices, operating costs or development costs. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Partnership s total extensions and discoveries of MBOE resulted primarily from the drilling of new wells and from new proved undeveloped locations added. The Partnership s total positive revisions of previous estimated quantities of MBOE were due to positive revisions of MBOE attributable to price and performance revisions which were largely offset by PUD downgrades of MBOE. Total purchases of reserves in place of MBOE resulted from multiple acquisitions of certain mineral and royalty interests. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Partnership s total extensions and discoveries of MBOE resulted primarily from the drilling of new wells and from new proved undeveloped locations added. The Partnership s total negative revisions of previous estimated quantities of MBOE were due to PUD downgrades of MBOE which were largely offset by positive revisions of MBOE attributable to price and performance revisions. Total purchases of reserves in place of MBOE resulted from multiple acquisitions of certain mineral and royalty interests, including the Swallowtail Acquisition. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued) 

 MBOE resulted primarily from the drilling of new wells and from new proved undeveloped locations added. The Partnership s negative revisions of previous estimated quantities of MBOE were due to negative price revisions and PUD downgrades. MBOE of PUDs were downgraded from non-operated properties and MBOE of PUDs were downgraded from Diamondback-operated properties, with the Diamondback-operated downgrades due to changes in the development plan and optimization of the inventory. The purchase of reserves in place of MBOE were due to multiple acquisitions of certain mineral and royalty interests. 
 
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows 
 
 The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows are based on the unweighted average, first-day-of-the-month price. The projections should not be viewed as realistic estimates of future cash flows, nor should the standardized measure be interpreted as representing current value to the Partnership. Material revisions to estimates of proved reserves may occur in the future; development and production of the reserves may not occur in the periods assumed; actual prices realized are expected to vary significantly from those used; and actual costs may vary. 
 
 Future production taxes ) ) ) Future income tax expense ) ) ) Future net cash flows 10 discount to reflect timing of cash flows ) ) ) Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 
 
 Natural gas (per Mcf) Natural gas liquids (per Bbl) 
 
 Purchase of minerals in place Divestiture of reserves ) ) ) Sales of oil and natural gas, net of production costs ) ) ) Extensions and discoveries Net changes in prices and production costs ) Revisions of previous quantity estimates ) Net changes in income taxes ) ) Accretion of discount Net changes in timing of production and other ) ) Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows at the end of the period 
 
 F-26 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 viperex1018-2x23x23.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Execution Version 

 Exhibit 10.18 

NINTH AMENDMENT 
 
 TO 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 18, 2022 
 AMONG 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LLC, AS BORROWER, 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP AS PARENT GUARANTOR, 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 AND 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, AS SOLE BOOK RUNNER AND SOLE LEAD ARRANGER 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AND TRUSIT BANK, AS CO-SYNDICATION AGENTS 

This NINTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment dated as of November 18, 2022, is among VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Parent Guarantor each of the Lenders, as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below, party hereto and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 R E C I T A L S 
 A. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2018 (as amended and supplemented prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders have made certain credit available to and on behalf of the Borrower. 
 B. The parties hereto desire to enter into this Amendment to, among other things, (1) evidence the reaffirmation by the Required Lenders of the Borrowing Base at 580,000,000 in respect to the November 1, 2022 Scheduled Redetermination as set forth in Section 3 hereof, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), and (2) amend certain terms of the Credit Agreement, in each case, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below). 
 C. Now, therefore, to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment and in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Section 1. Defined Terms . Each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning given such term in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. Unless otherwise indicated, all section references in this Amendment refer to sections of the Credit Agreement. 
 Section 2. Amendments to Credit Agreement . In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 hereof 
 2.1 The Credit Agreement (other than the signature pages, Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules thereto) is hereby amended and restated, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, in its entirety as set forth in Annex A hereto 
 2.2 Exhibit B of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit B hereto and 
 2.3 Exhibit C of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit C hereto. 
 Section 3. Borrowing Base Reaffirmation and Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts . In reliance on the covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 hereof, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders hereby agree that the Borrowing Base is hereby reaffirmed at 580,000,000, and the Borrowing Base shall remain at 580,000,000 until the next Scheduled Redetermination, Interim Redetermination, or other redetermination or adjustment of 
 1 

the Borrowing Base thereafter, whichever occurs first pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the redetermination of the Borrowing Base provided for in this Section 3 shall constitute the Scheduled Redetermination scheduled for November 1, 2022 for purposes of Section 2.07(b) of the Credit Agreement. This Section 3 constitutes a New Borrowing Base Notice received by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.07(d) of the Credit Agreement. The new Borrowing Base determined pursuant to this Section 3 shall be effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, notwithstanding the effective date that would otherwise be applicable to a redetermination pursuant to Section 2.07(d) of the Credit Agreement. The Borrower agrees and confirms that, as of the Amendment Effective Date, the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts remain at 500,000,000. 
 Section 4. Existing Eurodollar Loans . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Amendment or in the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby), all Eurodollar Loans (under and as defined in the Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment) outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment shall, on the Amendment Effective Date, be rearranged and converted into a new SOFR Borrowing consisting of SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one-month s duration (commencing on the Amendment Effective Date), and which SOFR Loans shall thereafter be subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby). In connection with such rearrangement and conversion, the Borrower shall deliver any such Interest Election Request as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. Each Lender hereby waives any payments owing to such Lender that would otherwise be required under Section 5.02 of the Credit Agreement (prior to giving effect to this Amendment) in connection with or as a result of the rearrangement and conversion contemplated by this Section 4 . 
 Section 5. Conditions Precedent to Amendment Effective Date . This Amendment shall become effective on the date (such date, the Amendment Effective Date ), when each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 12.02 of the Credit Agreement) 
 5.1 The Administrative Agent shall have received from each of the Lenders, the Parent Guarantor, and the Borrower, counterparts (in such number as may be requested by the Administrative Agent) of this Amendment signed on behalf of such Person. 
 5.2 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all documented out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement. 
 5.3 No Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and directed to declare the Amendment Effective Date to have occurred when it has received documents confirming or certifying, to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, compliance with the conditions set forth in this Section 5 or the waiver of such conditions as permitted in Section 12.02 of the Credit Agreement. Such declaration shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties to the Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 2 

Section 6. Miscellaneous . 
 6.1 Confirmation . The provisions of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect following the effectiveness of this Amendment. 
 6.2 Ratification and Affirmation Representations and Warranties . Each of the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower hereby (a) ratifies and affirms its obligations under, and acknowledges its continued liability under, each Loan Document to which it is a party and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party remains in full force and effect as expressly amended hereby and (b) represents and warrants to the Lenders that as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment 
 (i) all of the representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or a similar qualification, true and correct in all respects), except to the extent any such representations and warranties are expressly limited to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or a similar qualification, true and correct in all respects) as of such specified earlier date and 
 (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 6.3 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, and all of such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of this Amendment by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 6.4 NO ORAL AGREEMENT . THIS AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH AND THEREWITH REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 
 6.5 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 6.6 Payment of Expenses . To the extent required pursuant to Section 12.03 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with this Amendment, any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent. 
 6.7 Severability . Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 3 

6.8 Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 6.9 Loan Document . This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 SIGNATURES BEGIN NEXT PAGE 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LLC, as Borrower 
 By s Teresa L. Dick 
 Name Teresa L. Dick Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP, as Parent Guarantor 
 
 By Viper Energy Partners GP LLC, its general partner 
 By s Teresa L. Dick 
 Name Teresa L. Dick Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as Administrative Agent and a Lender 
 By 
 s Michael Real 
 Name Michael Real 
 Title Managing Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Brittany Lehr 
 Name Brittany Lehr 
 Title Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

COMERICA BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Cassandra Lucas 
 Name Cassandra Lucas 
 Title Vice President 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

BOKF, NA, dba BANK OF OKLAHOMA, 
 as a Lender 
 By s John Krenger 
 Name John Krenger 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Jason Groll 
 Name Jason Groll 
 Title Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s Vipul Dhadda 
 Name Vipul Dhadda 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 By s Michael Wagner Name Michael Wagner Title Authorized Signatory 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, HOUSTON BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s Marc Graham 
 Name Marc Graham 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 By s Dalton Harris 
 Name Dalton Harris 
 Title Authorized Officer 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 By s Jeff Ard 
 Name Jeff Ard 
 Title Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 By s Greg Smothers 
 Name Greg Smothers 
 Title Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

TRUIST BANK (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company and SunTrust Bank), 
 as a Lender 
 By s James Giordano 
 Name James Giordano 
 Title Managing Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Keshia Leday 
 Name Keshia Leday 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Craig Malloy 
 Name Craig Malloy 
 Title Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ANNEX A 
 
 CONFORMED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 See attached. 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 
 , 20 
 Viper Energy Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 20, 2018 (together with all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and the other agents and lenders (the Lenders which are or become parties thereto (unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized term used herein is defined in the Credit Agreement), hereby requests a Borrowing as follows 
 (i) Aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing is 
 
 (ii) Date of such Borrowing is , 20 
 
 (iii) Requested Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing a SOFR Borrowing 
 
 (iv) In the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period applicable thereto is 
 
 (v) Amount of Borrowing Base in effect on the date hereof is 
 
 (vi) The Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts in effect on the date hereof is 
 
 (vii) Total Revolving Credit Exposures on the date hereof (i.e., outstanding principal amount of Loans and total LC Exposure) is 
 
 (viii) Pro forma total Revolving Credit Exposures (giving effect to the requested Borrowing) is and 
 
 (ix) Location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.05 of the Credit Agreement, is as follows 

The undersigned certifies that he she is the ____________________ of the Borrower, and that as such he she is authorized to execute this certificate on behalf of the Borrower. The undersigned further certifies, represents and warrants on behalf of the Borrower that the Borrower is entitled to receive the requested Borrowing under the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 FORM OF INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 
 , 20 
 Viper Energy Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), pursuant to Section 2.04 of the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 20, 2018 (together with all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and the other agents and lenders (the Lenders which are or become parties thereto (unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized term used herein is defined in the Credit Agreement), hereby makes an Interest Election Request as follows 
 (i) The Borrowing to which this Interest Election Request applies, and if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information specified pursuant to (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) is 
 (ii) The effective date of the election made pursuant to this Interest Election Request is , 20 and 
 (iii) The resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing a SOFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) If the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing The Interest Period applicable to the resulting Borrowing after giving effect to such election is . 
 The undersigned certifies that he she is the ____________ of the Borrower, and that as such he she is authorized to execute this certificate on behalf of the Borrower. The undersigned further certifies, represents and warrants on behalf of the Borrower that the Borrower is entitled to receive the requested continuation or conversion under the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Annex A to Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreemen t 

AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF July 20, 2018 
 AMONG 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LLC, AS BORROWER, 
 VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP AS PARENT GUARANTOR, 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 AND 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, AS SOLE BOOK RUNNER AND SOLE LEAD ARRANGER 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AND TRUSIT BANK, AS CO-SYNDICATION AGENTS 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Matters 
 1 
 Section 1.01 Terms Defined Above 
 1 
 Section 1.02 Certain Defined Terms 
 1 
 Section 1.03 Types of Loans and Borrowings 
 29 
 Section 1.04 Terms Generally Rules of Construction 
 29 
 Section 1.05 Accounting Terms and Determinations GAAP 
 30 
 Section 1.06 Divisions 
 30 
 Section 1.07 Interest Rates 
 30 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 31 
 Section 2.01 Commitments 
 31 
 Section 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 
 31 
 Section 2.03 Requests for Borrowings 
 32 
 Section 2.04 Interest Elections 
 33 
 Section 2.05 Funding of Borrowings 
 34 
 Section 2.06 Termination and Modifications of Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts and Optional Modifications of Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts 
 35 
 Section 2.07 Borrowing Base 
 38 
 Section 2.08 Letters of Credit 
 41 
 Section 2.09 Cash Collateral 
 45 
 Section 2.10 Defaulting Lenders 
 46 
 ARTICLE III Payments of Principal and Interest Prepayments Fees 
 48 
 Section 3.01 Repayment of Loans 
 48 
 Section 3.02 Interest 
 48 
 Section 3.03 Changed Circumstances. 
 49 
 Section 3.04 Prepayments 
 51 
 Section 3.05 Fees 
 53 
 ARTICLE IV Payments Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 54 
 Section 4.01 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 54 
 Section 4.02 Presumption of Payment by the Borrower 
 55 
 Section 4.03 Disposition of Proceeds 
 55 
 ARTICLE V Increased Costs Break Funding Payments Taxes Illegality 
 55 
 Section 5.01 Increased Costs 
 55 
 Section 5.02 Break Funding Payments 
 56 
 Section 5.03 Taxes 
 57 
 Section 5.04 Mitigation Obligations 
 60 
 
 i 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

ARTICLE VI Conditions Precedent 
 60 
 Section 6.01 Effective Date 
 60 
 Section 6.02 Each Credit Event 
 62 
 ARTICLE VII Representations and Warranties 
 63 
 Section 7.01 Organization Powers 
 63 
 Section 7.02 Authority Enforceability 
 63 
 Section 7.03 Approvals No Conflicts 
 64 
 Section 7.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 
 64 
 Section 7.05 Litigation 
 64 
 Section 7.06 Environmental Matters 
 65 
 Section 7.07 Compliance With Laws and Agreements No Defaults 
 66 
 Section 7.08 Investment Company 
 66 
 Section 7.09 Taxes 
 66 
 Section 7.10 ERISA 
 66 
 Section 7.11 Disclosure No Material Misstatement 
 67 
 Section 7.12 Insurance 
 67 
 Section 7.13 Restriction on Liens 
 68 
 Section 7.14 Subsidiaries 
 68 
 Section 7.15 Location of Business and Offices 
 68 
 Section 7.16 Properties, Titles, Etc 
 68 
 Section 7.17 Maintenance of Property 
 69 
 Section 7.18 Gas Imbalances, Prepayments 
 69 
 Section 7.19 Marketing of Production 
 69 
 Section 7.20 Swap Agreements 
 70 
 Section 7.21 Use of Loans and Letters of Credit 
 70 
 Section 7.22 Solvency 
 70 
 Section 7.23 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 70 
 Section 7.24 OFAC 
 71 
 Section 7.25 Affected Financial Institutions 
 71 
 ARTICLE VIII Affirmative Covenants 
 71 
 Section 8.01 Financial Statements Other Information 
 71 
 Section 8.02 Notices of Material Events 
 74 
 Section 8.03 Existence Conduct of Business 
 74 
 Section 8.04 Payment of Obligations 
 74 
 Section 8.05 Performance of Obligations Under Loan Documents 
 74 
 Section 8.06 Operation and Maintenance of Properties 
 75 
 Section 8.07 Insurance 
 75 
 Section 8.08 Books and Records 
 75 
 Section 8.09 Compliance With Laws 
 76 
 Section 8.10 Environmental Matters 
 76 
 Section 8.11 Further Assurances 
 77 
 
 ii 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 8.12 Reserve Reports 
 77 
 Section 8.13 Title Information 
 78 
 Section 8.14 Additional Collateral Additional Guarantors 
 79 
 Section 8.15 ERISA Compliance 
 79 
 Section 8.16 Marketing Activities 
 79 
 Section 8.17 Swap Agreements 
 80 
 Section 8.18 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 80 
 ARTICLE IX Negative Covenants 
 80 
 Section 9.01 Financial Covenants 
 80 
 Section 9.02 Debt 
 81 
 Section 9.03 Liens 
 82 
 Section 9.04 Dividends, Distributions and Restricted Payments 
 82 
 Section 9.05 Investments, Loans and Advances 
 84 
 Section 9.06 Nature of Business No International Operations 
 86 
 Section 9.07 Limitation on Leases 
 86 
 Section 9.08 Proceeds of Notes 
 86 
 Section 9.09 ERISA Compliance 
 86 
 Section 9.10 Sale or Discount of Receivables 
 87 
 Section 9.11 Mergers, Etc 
 87 
 Section 9.12 Sale of Properties 
 87 
 Section 9.13 Environmental Matters 
 88 
 Section 9.14 Transactions With Affiliates 
 88 
 Section 9.15 Subsidiaries 
 88 
 Section 9.16 Negative Pledge Agreements Dividend Restrictions 
 88 
 Section 9.17 Gas Imbalances, Take-or-Pay or Other Prepayments 
 89 
 Section 9.18 Swap Agreements 
 89 
 Section 9.19 Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 90 
 Section 9.20 Control Agreements 
 91 
 ARTICLE X Events of Default Remedies 
 91 
 Section 10.01 Events of Default 
 91 
 Section 10.02 Remedies 
 93 
 ARTICLE XI The Administrative Agent 
 94 
 Section 11.01 Appointment Powers 
 94 
 Section 11.02 Duties and Obligations of Administrative Agent 
 94 
 Section 11.03 Action by Administrative Agent 
 95 
 Section 11.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 
 95 
 Section 11.05 Subagents 
 96 
 Section 11.06 Resignation of the Administrative Agent 
 96 
 Section 11.07 Agents as Lenders 
 96 
 Section 11.08 No Reliance 
 96 
 Section 11.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 97 
 
 iii 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 11.10 Authority of Administrative Agent to Release Collateral and Guarantors 
 97 
 Section 11.11 The Arranger and the Syndication Agents 
 98 
 Section 11.12 Erroneous Payments 
 98 
 ARTICLE XII Miscellaneous 
 99 
 Section 12.01 Notices 
 99 
 Section 12.02 Waivers Amendments 
 100 
 Section 12.03 Expenses, Indemnity Damage Waiver 
 101 
 Section 12.04 Successors and Assigns 
 103 
 Section 12.05 Survival Revival Reinstatement 
 106 
 Section 12.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 
 107 
 Section 12.07 Severability 
 107 
 Section 12.08 Right of Setoff 
 107 
 Section 12.09 GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 108 
 Section 12.10 Headings 
 109 
 Section 12.11 Confidentiality 
 109 
 Section 12.12 Interest Rate Limitation 
 110 
 Section 12.13 EXCULPATION PROVISIONS 
 110 
 Section 12.14 Collateral Matters Swap Agreements 
 111 
 Section 12.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries 
 111 
 Section 12.16 USA Patriot Act Notice 
 111 
 Section 12.17 Flood Insurance Provisions 
 112 
 Section 12.18 Regulation U Matters 
 112 
 Section 12.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 113 
 Section 12.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFC s 
 114 
 Section 12.21 Certain ERISA Matters. 
 115 

ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
 Annex I List of Maximum Credit Amounts 
 Exhibit A Form of Note 
 Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit C Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibit D Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit E Security Instruments 
 Exhibit F Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit G-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders non-partnerships) 
 Exhibit G-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants non-partnerships) 
 Exhibit G-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants partnerships) 
 iv 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Exhibit G-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders partnerships) 
 Exhibit H-1 Form of Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreement 
 Exhibit H-2 Form of Additional Lender Agreement 
 Schedule 7.14 Subsidiaries and Partnerships 
 Schedule 7.19 Marketing Agreements 
 Schedule 7.20 Swap Agreements 
 Schedule 9.06 Certain Foreign Properties 
 v 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of July 20, 2018 is among Viper Energy Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower Viper Energy Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as parent guarantor (the Parent Guarantor each of the Lenders from time to time party hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (in its individual capacity, Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 R E C I T A L S 
 (1) The Parent Guarantor, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and other financial institutions named and defined therein as lenders and agents entered into that certain Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 8, 2014, pursuant to which such lenders provided certain loans to and extensions of credit on behalf of the Parent Guarantor, as borrower thereunder (as heretofore amended, modified or supplemented, the Existing Credit Agreement ). 
 (2) Pursuant to that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of May 30, 2018 by and between the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower, and consented to by the Administrative Agent and the lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement, (A) the Parent Guarantor assigned to the Borrower its liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, rights and benefits as Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents (as defined thereunder), and the Borrower accepted such assignment and assumed such obligations and (B) the Parent Guarantor became a guarantor under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents (as defined thereunder). 
 (3) The Borrower has requested, and the Lenders have agreed, to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 (4) Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and of the loans, extensions of credit and commitments hereinafter referred to, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Matters 
 Section 1.01 Terms Defined Above . As used in this Agreement, each term defined above has the meaning indicated above. 
 Section 1.02 Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Acquisition Swaps has the meaning assigned such term in Section 9.18(b). 
 Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A). 
 Additional Lender Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B)(7). 
 1 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Agents and Agent shall mean either the Administrative Agent or a Syndication Agent, as the context requires. 
 Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts at any time shall equal the sum of the Elected Commitments, as the same may be increased, reduced or terminated pursuant to Section 2.06(b). The Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date are 500,000,000. 
 Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts at any time shall equal the sum of the Maximum Credit Amounts, as the same may be increased, reduced or terminated pursuant to Section 2.06. The Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date are 2,000,000,000. 
 Agreement means this Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c)(i) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month Interest Period beginning on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus (ii) 1 , provided that, clause (c) of this definition shall not be applicable during any period in which Adjusted Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. 
 Applicable Law means all applicable provisions of constitutions, laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, treaties, regulations, permits, licenses, approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities and all orders and decrees of all courts and arbitrators. 
 Applicable Margin means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or SOFR Loan or with respect to the Commitment Fee Rate, as the case may be, the rate per annum set forth in the Utilization Grid below based upon the Utilization Percentage then in effect 
 2 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Utilization Grid Utilization Percentage 25 25 50 
 50 75 
 75 90 
 90 SOFR Loans 2.00 2.25 2.50 2.75 3.00 ABR Loans 1.00 1.25 1.50 1.75 2.00 Commitment Fee Rate 0.375 0.375 0.500 0.500 0.500 
 
 Each change in the Applicable Margin and the Commitment Fee Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change, provided, however, that if at any time the Borrower fails to deliver a Reserve Report pursuant to Section 8.12, then until such delivery the Applicable Margin and the Commitment Fee Rate mean the rate per annum set forth on the grid when the Utilization Percentage is at its highest level. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amount represented by such Lender s Elected Commitment Amount as such percentage is set forth on Annex I provided that if the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Exposures then outstanding. 
 Approved Counterparty means (a) any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender and (b) any other Person whose long term senior unsecured debt rating is A- A3 by S&P or Moody s (or their equivalent) or higher. 
 Approved Petroleum Engineers means (a) Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc., (b) Ryder Scott Company Petroleum Consultants, L.P., (c) Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc., (d) Pinnacle Energy Services, LLC and (e) any other independent petroleum engineers reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Arranger means Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, in its capacity as the sole book runner and sole lead arranger hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 12.04(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit F or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Termination Date. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.03(c)(iv). 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 3 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.03(c)(i). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with 
 4 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan 
 5 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Document in accordance with Section 3.03(c)(i) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(c)(i). 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Benefiting Guarantor means a Guarantor for which funds or other support are necessary for such Guarantor to constitute an Eligible Contract Participant. 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20(b)(i). 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America or any successor Governmental Authority. 
 Borrower LLC Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of May 9, 2018 of the Borrower, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Borrowing means Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Borrowing Base means at any time an amount equal to the amount determined in accordance with Section 2.07, as the same may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07(e), Section 2.07(f), Section 8.13(c), Section 9.05(m)(ii), or Section 9.12(d). 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency occurs if at any time the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03. 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or Houston, Texas are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 
 Capital Leases means, in respect of any Person, all leases which shall have been, or should have been, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases on the balance sheet of the Person liable (whether contingent or otherwise) for the payment of rent thereunder. 
 Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such Cash Collateral and other credit support. 
 Cash Collateralize means, to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, as collateral for LC Exposure or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of LC Exposure, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank shall agree, in 
 6 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank. 
 Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. 
 Cash Management Provider means any Person that, at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement, is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement. 
 Casualty Event means any loss, casualty or other insured damage to, or any nationalization, taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any Property of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries having a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. 
 Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than the Permitted Holders, of Equity Interests representing more than 50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the General Partner, or (b) the General Partner shall cease to be the general partner of the Parent Guarantor. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, treaty, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, treaty, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 5.01(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of law) or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations, requirements, and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) modified from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 and (b) modified from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 12.04. The amount representing each Lender s Commitment shall at any time be the least of (i) such Lender s Maximum Credit Amount, (ii) such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the then effective Borrowing Base, and (iii) such Lender s Elected Commitment. The total Commitments is the aggregate amount of the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 7 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Commitment Fee Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin . 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended and any successor statute. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 5.02 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, decides is necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Consolidated Net Income means with respect to the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries, for any period of determination, the aggregate of the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein) the following (a) the net income of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Person in which the Borrower or any Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries have an interest (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated with the net income of the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions actually paid in cash during such period by such Unrestricted Subsidiary or other Person to the Borrower or to a Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (b) the net income (but not loss) during such period of any Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions or transfers or loans by that Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument or Governmental Requirement applicable to such Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary or is otherwise restricted or prohibited, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP (c) the net income (or loss) of any Person acquired in a pooling-of-interests transaction for any period prior to the date of such transaction (d) any extraordinary gains or losses during such period and (e) any gains or losses attributable to writeups or writedowns of assets, including ceiling test writedowns and provided further that if the Borrower or any Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary shall acquire or dispose of any Property during such period or a Subsidiary shall be redesignated as either an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a Restricted Subsidiary, then Consolidated Net Income shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, disposition or redesignation as if such acquisition, disposition or redesignation had occurred on the first day of such period. 
 Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary means each Consolidated Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 8 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Consolidated Subsidiaries means each Subsidiary of the Borrower (whether now existing or hereafter created or acquired) the financial statements of which shall be (or should have been) consolidated with the financial statements of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Unrestricted Subsidiary means each Consolidated Subsidiary that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. For the purposes of this definition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Person that owns directly or indirectly 10 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of the directors or other governing body of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such other Person) will be deemed to control such other Person. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20(b)(ii). 
 Covered Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20(a). 
 Debt means, for any Person, the sum of the following (without duplication) (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, bankers acceptances, debentures, notes or other similar instruments (b) all obligations of such Person (whether contingent or otherwise) in respect of letters of credit, surety or other bonds and similar instruments (c) all accounts payable and all accrued expenses, liabilities or other obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of Property or services, but excluding those from time to time incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not greater than sixty (60) days past the date such payment is due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP (d) all obligations under Capital Leases (e) all obligations under Synthetic Leases (f) all Debt (as defined in the other clauses of this definition) of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien on any Property of such Person, whether or not such Debt is assumed by such Person (g) all Debt (as defined in the other clauses of this definition) of others guaranteed by such Person or with respect to which such Person otherwise assures a creditor against loss of the Debt (howsoever such assurance shall be made) to the extent of the lesser of the amount of such Debt and the maximum stated amount of such guarantee or assurance against loss (h) all obligations or undertakings of such Person to maintain or cause to be maintained the financial position or covenants of others or to purchase the Debt or Property of others (i) obligations to deliver commodities, goods or services, including, without limitation, Hydrocarbons, in consideration of one or more advance payments, other than gas balancing arrangements in the ordinary course of business (j) obligations to pay for goods or services even if such goods or services are not actually received or utilized by such Person (k) any Debt of a partnership for which such Person is liable either by agreement, by operation of law or by a Governmental Requirement but only to the extent of such liability (l) Disqualified Capital Stock and (m) the undischarged balance of any production payment created by such Person or for the creation of which such Person directly or indirectly received payment. The Debt of any Person shall include all obligations of such Person of the character described above to the extent such Person remains legally liable in respect thereof notwithstanding that any such obligation is not included as a liability of such Person under GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Debt shall not include (Y) any obligation arising from agreements of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary providing for indemnification, contribution, adjustment of purchase price, earn-outs, holdbacks, deferred compensation or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the disposition or acquisition of any business, assets or Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary in 
 9 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

a transaction permitted by this Agreement or (Z) Swap Obligations (other than as specified in clause (i) of the first sentence of this definition). 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20(b)(iii). 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of the Loans or participations in Letters of Credit required to be funded by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date such Loans or participations were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within three Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the FDIC or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided , that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.10) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and each Lender. 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable for any consideration other than other Equity Interests (which would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is convertible or exchangeable for Debt or redeemable 
 10 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

for any consideration other than other Equity Interests (which would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is one year after the earlier of (a) the Maturity Date and (b) the date on which there are no Loans, LC Exposure or other obligations hereunder outstanding and all of the Commitments are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because the holders of the Equity Interest have the right to require the Borrower to repurchase or redeem such Equity Interest upon or following the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale will not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if the terms of such Equity Interest provide that the Borrower may not repurchase or redeem any such Equity Interest pursuant to such provisions unless such repurchase or redemption complies with Section 9.04 hereof. 
 dollars , Dollars , or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 EBITDAX means, for any period, the sum of Consolidated Net Income for such period plus the following expenses or charges to the extent deducted from Consolidated Net Income in such period (a) interest, income taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization, exploration expenses, extraordinary items and other similar noncash charges, including expenses relating to stock-based compensation, hedging, and ceiling test impairments, and (b) any reasonable expenses and charges (up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 during any calendar year) related to any Investment, acquisition, disposition, offering of Equity Interests, recapitalization, or issuance or incurrence of Debt not prohibited hereunder (in each case, whether or not successful), minus all noncash income added to Consolidated Net Income. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Sections 6.01 and 6.02(a) through (d) are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 12.02). 
 Eighth Amendment means that certain Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2021, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Elected Commitment means, as to each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Annex I under the caption Elected Commitment , as the same may be increased, reduced or terminated from time to time in connection with an optional increase, reduction or termination of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts pursuant to Section 2.06(b). 
 11 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B)(6). 
 Eligible Contract Participant means an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder. 
 Engineering Reports has the meaning assigned such term in Section 2.07(c)(i). 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Governmental Requirements pertaining in any way to health, safety, the environment, the preservation or reclamation of natural resources, or the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials, in effect in any and all jurisdictions in which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries are conducting, or at any time have conducted business, or where any Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries is located, including the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA ), as amended, the Clean Air Act, as amended, the Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), as amended, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 RCRA ), as amended, the Safe Drinking Water Act, as amended, the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, as amended, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, and other environmental conservation or protection Governmental Requirements. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, registration, license, notice, approval, consent, exemption, variance, or other authorization required under or issued pursuant to applicable Environmental Laws. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such Equity Interests. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute. 
 ERISA Affiliate means each trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which together with the Borrower or a Subsidiary would be deemed to be a single employer within the meaning of section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA or subsections (b), (c), (m) or (o) of section 414 of the Code. 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned such term in Section 11.12(a). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned such term in Section 10.01. 
 Excepted Liens means (a) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies which are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP (b) Liens in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other social security, old age pension or public liability obligations which are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP (c) landlord s liens, operators , vendors , carriers , warehousemen s, repairmen s, mechanics , suppliers , workers , materialmen s, construction or 
 12 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

other like Liens arising by operation of law or ordinary course of business contracts or incident to the exploration, development, operation and maintenance of Oil and Gas Properties each of which is in respect of obligations that are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP (d) contractual Liens which arise in the ordinary course of business under operating agreements, joint venture agreements, oil and gas partnership agreements, oil and gas leases, farm-in and farm-out agreements, division orders, contracts for the sale, transportation or exchange of oil and natural gas, unitization and pooling declarations and agreements, area of mutual interest agreements, overriding royalty agreements, marketing agreements, processing agreements, net profits agreements, development agreements, gas balancing or deferred production agreements, injection, repressuring and recycling agreements, salt water or other disposal agreements, seismic or other geophysical permits or agreements, and other agreements which are usual and customary in the oil and gas business and are for claims which are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP, provided that any such Lien referred to in this clause does not materially impair the use of the Property covered by such Lien for the purposes for which such Property is held by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or materially impair the value of such Property subject thereto (e) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker s liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies and burdening only deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution, provided that no such deposit account is a dedicated cash collateral account or is subject to restrictions against access by the depositor in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the Board and no such deposit account is intended by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries to provide collateral to the depository institution (f) easements, restrictions, servitudes, permits, conditions, covenants, exceptions or reservations in any Property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of roads, pipelines, transmission lines, transportation lines, distribution lines for the removal of gas, oil, coal or other minerals or timber, and other like purposes, or for the joint or common use of real estate, rights of way, facilities and equipment, that do not secure any monetary obligations and which in the aggregate do not materially impair the use of such Property for the purposes of which such Property is held by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or materially impair the value of such Property subject thereto (g) Liens on cash or securities pledged to secure performance of tenders, surety and appeal bonds, government contracts, performance and return of money bonds, bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, regulatory obligations and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business and (h) judgment and attachment Liens not giving rise to an Event of Default, provided that any appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment shall not have been finally terminated or the period within which such proceeding may be initiated shall not have expired and no action to enforce such Lien has been commenced provided, further that Liens described in clauses (a) through (e) shall remain Excepted Liens only for so long as no action to enforce such Lien has been commenced and no intention to subordinate the first priority Lien granted in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders is to be hereby implied or expressed by the permitted existence of such Excepted Liens. 
 Excess Cash means, at any time, the aggregate cash or cash equivalents of the Loan Parties (other than Excluded Cash) in excess of 75,000,000. 
 Excluded Cash means (a) any cash to be used to pay obligations of the Loan Parties then due and owing (or required to be paid within five Business Days) to third parties and for which the Loan Parties have issued (or will issue) checks or have initiated (or will initiate) wires or ACH transfers in order to pay such obligations, (b) cash held in (i) accounts designated and used solely for payroll or employee benefits, (ii) cash collateral accounts with respect to Letters of Credit, (iii) trust accounts held and used exclusively for the payment of taxes of the Loan Parties, (iv) suspense or trust accounts held and used exclusively for royalty and working interest 
 13 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

payments owing to third parties, and (v) other accounts held by a Loan Party exclusively as a fiduciary for a third party, (c) any cash or cash equivalents constituting purchase price deposits held in escrow by a third party pursuant to a binding and enforceable purchase and sale agreement with a third party containing customary provisions regarding the payment and refunding of such deposits, (d) any cash or cash equivalents in the aggregate amount of reserves being maintained in accordance with GAAP with respect to Excepted Liens, and (e) any cash or cash equivalents subject to a Lien pursuant to (i) clause (g) of the definition of Excepted Liens or (ii) Section 9.03(a)(ii), (c), (f) or (g). 
 Excluded Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Loan Party individually determined on a Loan Party by Loan Party basis, any Swap Obligation, if and to the extent that, all or a portion of the joint and several liability or the guaranty of such Loan Party for, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest or other Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an Eligible Contract Participant at the time such guarantee or the grant of such security interest or other Lien becomes effective with respect to, or any other time such Loan Party is by virtue of such guarantee or grant of such security interest or other Lien otherwise deemed to enter into, such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee, security interest or other Lien is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America or such other jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any Guarantor is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender, any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure to comply with Section 5.03(g), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or Section 5.03(d). 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Recital A. 
 Existing Loan Documents has the meaning assigned such term in Section 2.02(e). 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (as of the date hereof) and any regulations or official interpretations thereof (including any Revenue Ruling, Revenue Procedure, Notice or similar guidance issued by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service thereunder as a precondition to relief or exemption from Taxes under such provisions) provided that FATCA shall also include any amendments to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code if, as amended, FATCA provides a commercially reasonable mechanism to avoid the tax imposed thereunder by satisfying the information reporting and other requirements of FATCA. 
 FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 14 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means that certain fee letter between the Administrative Agent and the Parent Guarantor dated July 8, 2014. 
 Fifth Amendment means that certain Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Financial Officer means, for any Person, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Financial Officer means a Financial Officer of the Borrower. 
 Financial Statements means the financial statement or statements of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries referred to in Section 7.04(a). 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2019, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Floor means, as of the Ninth Amendment Effective Date, a rate of interest equal to 0.00 per annum. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States of America (ii) a partnership or a corporation (or other entity taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States of America (iii) an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (1) a court within the United States of America is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States person (within the meaning of the Code) have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (2) it has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2019, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to the Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding LC Exposure other than LC Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 1.05. 
 15 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

General Partner means Viper Energy Partners GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government over the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any of their Properties, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender. 
 Governmental Requirement means any law, statute, code, ordinance, order, determination, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction, franchise, permit, certificate, license, rules of common law, authorization or other directive or requirement, whether now or hereinafter in effect, including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, energy regulations and occupational, safety and health standards or controls, of any Governmental Authority. 
 Guarantor means the Parent Guarantor and each Restricted Subsidiary that guarantees the Indebtedness pursuant to Section 8.14(b) unless and until released pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents. 
 Guaranty Agreement means that certain Guaranty and Collateral Agreement dated as of July 8, 2014 by the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor in favor of the Administrative Agent as amended by that certain Sixth Amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Guaranty and Collateral Agreement dated as of May 30, 2018 and Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of May 30, 2018, as the same may be further amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Hazardous Material means any substance regulated or as to which liability might arise under any applicable Environmental Law including (a) any chemical, compound, material, product, byproduct, substance or waste defined as or included in the definition or meaning of hazardous substance , hazardous material , hazardous waste , solid waste , toxic waste , extremely hazardous substance , toxic substance , contaminant , pollutant , or words of similar meaning or import found in any applicable Environmental Law (b) Hydrocarbons, petroleum products, petroleum substances, natural gas, oil, oil and gas waste, crude oil, and any components, fractions, or derivatives thereof and (c) radioactive materials, explosives, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon, infectious or medical waste. 
 Highest Lawful Rate means, with respect to each Lender, the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Notes or on other Indebtedness under laws applicable to such Lender which are presently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum nonusurious interest rate than applicable laws allow as of the date hereof. 
 Hydrocarbon Interests means all rights, titles, interests and estates now or hereafter acquired in and to oil and gas leases, oil, gas and mineral leases, or other liquid or gaseous hydrocarbon leases, mineral fee interests, overriding royalty and royalty interests, net profit interests and production payment interests, including any reserved or residual interests of whatever nature. 
 Hydrocarbons means oil, gas, casinghead gas, drip gasoline, natural gasoline, condensate, distillate, liquid hydrocarbons, gaseous hydrocarbons and all products refined or separated therefrom. 
 16 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Indebtedness means any and all amounts owing or to be owing by the Borrower or any Guarantor (whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising) (a) to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender under any Loan Document (b) to any Secured Swap Party under any Secured Swap Obligations (provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, Indebtedness shall not include with respect to any Person any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Person) (c) to any Cash Management Provider in respect of any Cash Management Agreement and (d) all renewals, extensions and or rearrangements of any of the above. 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 12.03(b). 
 Information has the meaning set forth in Section 12.11. 
 Initial Reserve Report means the report of Ryder Scott Company, L.P. dated as of January 18, 2018 with respect to certain Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower as of December 31, 2017. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and (b) with respect to any SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period. 
 Interest Period means, as to any SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a SOFR Loan and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, in each case as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request and subject to availability provided that 
 (a) the Interest Period shall commence on the date of advance of or conversion to any SOFR Loan and, in the case of immediately successive Interest Periods, each successive Interest Period shall commence on the date on which the immediately preceding Interest Period expires 
 (b) if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day provided that if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the immediately preceding Business Day 
 (c) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the relevant calendar month at the end of such Interest Period 
 (d) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date 
 (e) there shall be no more than five (5) Interest Periods in effect at any time and 
 17 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(f) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.03(c)(iv) shall be available for specification in any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. 
 Interim Redetermination has the meaning assigned such term in Section 2.07(b). 
 Interim Redetermination Date means the date on which a Borrowing Base that has been determined pursuant to an Interim Redetermination becomes effective as provided in Section 2.07(d). 
 Investment means, for any Person (a) the acquisition (whether for cash, Property, services or securities or otherwise) of Equity Interests of any other Person or any agreement to make any such acquisition (including, without limitation, any short sale or any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such short sale) (b) the making of any deposit with, or advance, loan or capital contribution to, assumption of Debt of, purchase or other acquisition of any other Debt or equity participation or interest in, or other extension of credit to, any other Person (including the purchase of Property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such Property to such Person, but excluding any such advance, loan or extension of credit having a term not exceeding ninety (90) days representing the purchase price of inventory or supplies sold by such Person in the ordinary course of business) or (c) the entering into of any guarantee of, or other contingent obligation (including the deposit of any Equity Interests to be sold) with respect to, Debt or other liability of any other Person and (without duplication) any amount committed to be advanced, lent or extended to such Person. 
 Issuing Bank means Wells Fargo, in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.08(i). The Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 LC Commitment at any time means five million dollars 5,000,000). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Annex I and any Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, and any Person that shall have become a party hereto as an Additional Lender pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii). 
 Lending Office means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender maintaining such Lender s extensions of credit made hereunder, which office may, to the extent the applicable Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing, include an office of any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or Affiliate. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 18 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Letter of Credit Agreements means all letter of credit applications and other agreements (including any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto) submitted by the Borrower, or entered into by the Borrower, with the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit. 
 Lien means any interest in Property securing an obligation owed to, or a claim by, a Person other than the owner of the Property, whether such interest is based on the common law, statute or contract, and whether such obligation or claim is fixed or contingent, and including but not limited to (a) the lien or security interest arising from a mortgage, encumbrance, pledge, security agreement, conditional sale or trust receipt or a lease, consignment or bailment for security purposes or (b) production payments and the like payable out of Oil and Gas Properties. The term Lien shall include easements, restrictions, servitudes, permits, conditions, covenants, exceptions or reservations. For the purposes of this Agreement, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed to be the owner of any Property which it has acquired or holds subject to a conditional sale agreement, or leases under a financing lease or other arrangement pursuant to which title to the Property has been retained by or vested in some other Person in a transaction intended to create a financing. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, the Sixth Amendment, the Seventh Amendment, the Eighth Amendment, the Ninth Amendment, the Notes, the Letter of Credit Agreements, the Letters of Credit and the Security Instruments, certain Existing Loan Documents as provided in Section 2.02(e) and any other document or agreement executed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in connection with this Agreement and expressly designated by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to be a Loan Document. 
 Loan Party means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Majority Lenders means, at any time while no Loans or LC Exposure is outstanding, if there are only two Lenders, two Lenders, and if there are more than two, three or more Lenders, in each instance having more than fifty percent (50 of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts and at any time while any Loans or LC Exposure is outstanding, if there are only two Lenders, two Lenders, and if there are more than two, three or more Lenders, in each instance holding more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit (without regard to any sale by a Lender of a participation in any Loan under Section 12.04(c)) provided that the Maximum Credit Amounts and the principal amount of the Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit of the Defaulting Lenders (if any) shall be excluded from the determination of Majority Lenders. 
 Margin Rule has the meaning assigned such term in Section 12.18(e). 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, Property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiaries or any Guarantor to perform any of its obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or (d) the rights and remedies of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender under any Loan Document. 
 Material Indebtedness means Debt (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 25,000,000. For purposes of 
 19 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the Swap Termination Value. 
 Maturity Date means June 2, 2025. 
 Maximum Credit Amount means, as to each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Annex I under the caption Maximum Credit Amounts , as the same may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time in connection with a reduction or termination of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(ii), (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii)(E) or (c) modified from time to time pursuant to any assignment permitted by Section 12.04(b). 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (i) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 105 of the Fronting Exposure of all Issuing Banks with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time and (ii) if the Borrower agrees to deliver Cash Collateral consisting of property other than cash or deposit account balances, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank in their sole discretion. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto that is a nationally recognized rating agency. 
 Mortgaged Property means any Property owned by the Borrower or any Guarantor which is subject to the Liens existing and to exist under the terms of the Security Instruments. 
 New Borrowing Base Notice has the meaning assigned such term in Section 2.07(d). 
 Ninth Amendment means that certain Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of the Ninth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Ninth Amendment Effective Date means November 18, 2022. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Recourse Debt means any Debt of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case in respect of which the holder or holders thereof (a) shall have recourse only to, and shall have the right to require the obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary to be performed, satisfied, and paid only out of, (i) the Property of such Unrestricted Subsidiary and or one or more other Unrestricted Subsidiaries and or any other Person (other than the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary) and (ii) the Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary and (b) shall have no direct or indirect recourse (including by way of guaranty, support or indemnity) to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to any of the Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case other than Equity Interests held by them in Unrestricted Subsidiaries, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise. 
 Non-Voting Units means the Units of the Borrower held by a holder of Partnership Class B Units. 
 20 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Notes means the promissory notes of the Borrower described in Section 2.02(d) and being substantially in the form of Exhibit A, together with all amendments, modifications, replacements, extensions and rearrangements thereof. 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Oil and Gas Business means (i) the acquisition, ownership, operation, exploration, exploitation, development, production, operation, mining and disposition of Hydrocarbons, Hydrocarbon Interests, Oil and Gas Properties, sand, and other minerals and other products commonly created, used, recovered or produced in the conduct of the activities described in this definition, (ii) the gathering, distributing, marketing, treating, processing (but not refining), storage, selling, transporting and other handling of any production from such interests or properties, and (iii) any activity that is ancillary to or necessary or appropriate for the activities described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition. 
 Oil and Gas Properties means (a) Hydrocarbon Interests (b) the Properties now or hereafter pooled or unitized with Hydrocarbon Interests (c) all presently existing or future unitization, pooling agreements and declarations of pooled units and the units created thereby (including without limitation all units created under orders, regulations and rules of any Governmental Authority) which may affect all or any portion of the Hydrocarbon Interests (d) all operating agreements, contracts and other agreements, including production sharing contracts and agreements, which relate to any of the Hydrocarbon Interests or the production, sale, purchase, exchange or processing of Hydrocarbons from or attributable to such Hydrocarbon Interests (e) all Hydrocarbons in and under and which may be produced and saved or attributable to the Hydrocarbon Interests, including all oil in tanks, and all rents, issues, profits, proceeds, products, revenues and other incomes from or attributable to the Hydrocarbon Interests (f) all tenements, hereditaments, appurtenances and Properties in any manner appertaining, belonging, affixed or incidental to the Hydrocarbon Interests and (g) all Properties, rights, titles, interests and estates described or referred to above, including any and all Property, real or personal, now owned or hereinafter acquired and situated upon, used, held for use or useful in connection with the operating, working or development of any of such Hydrocarbon Interests or Property (excluding drilling rigs, automotive equipment, rental equipment or other personal Property which may be on such premises for the purpose of drilling a well or for other similar temporary uses) and including any and all oil wells, gas wells, injection wells or other wells, structures, fuel separators, liquid extraction plants, plant compressors, pumps, pumping units, field gathering systems, tanks and tank batteries, fixtures, valves, fittings, machinery and parts, engines, boilers, meters, apparatus, equipment, appliances, tools, implements, cables, wires, towers, casing, tubing and rods, surface leases, rights-of-way, easements and servitudes together with all additions, substitutions, replacements, accessions and attachments to any and all of the foregoing. 
 Other Secured Persons means each Lender, each Issuing Bank, each Secured Swap Party, each Indemnitee and any legal owner, holder, assignee or pledgee of any of the Indebtedness. 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or Property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement and any other Loan Document. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 21 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 12.04(c)(i). 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 12.04(c)(iii). 
 Partnership Class B Units has the meaning assigned to such term in the Borrower LLC Agreement. 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Permitted Acquisitions means Investments in Persons engaged primarily in the business of acquiring, developing and producing Oil and Gas Properties or transporting or processing Hydrocarbons from or attributable to such Oil and Gas Properties, in each case if (a) the aggregate amount of all such Investments at any one time outstanding (measured by consideration paid at the time such Investment is made) does not exceed 50,000,000, (b) immediately after making such Investment, either (i) such Person shall merge into the Borrower or a Guarantor or (ii) such Person shall be a wholly-owned Subsidiary and the Borrower shall comply with Section 8.14(b) within the time period specified therein, and (c) such Person shall not be a publicly-traded entity. 
 Permitted Holders means Diamondback Energy, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. 
 Permitted Refinancing Debt means Debt (for purposes of this definition, new Debt incurred in exchange for, or proceeds of which are used to repay, repurchase, redeem, defease, refund, replace, acquire or otherwise retire or refinance, all or part of any other Debt (the Refinanced Debt provided that (a) such new Debt is in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the Refinanced Debt (or, if the Refinanced Debt is exchanged or acquired for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration thereof, such lesser amount) and (ii) an amount necessary to pay any accrued and unpaid interest on such Refinanced Debt and any fees and expenses, including premiums, related to such exchange or refinancing (b) such new Debt has a stated maturity no earlier than the stated maturity of the Refinanced Debt and an average life no shorter than the average life of the Refinanced Debt (c) such new Debt s stated interest rate, fees, and premiums are on market terms (d) such new Debt does not contain covenants that, taken as a whole, are materially more onerous to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries than those imposed by the Refinanced Debt and (e) if the Refinanced Debt (or any guarantee thereof) is subordinated in right of payment to the Indebtedness (or, if applicable, the Guaranty Agreement), then such new Debt (and any guarantees thereof) is subordinated in right of payment to the Indebtedness (or, if applicable, the Guaranty Agreement) to at least the same extent as the Refinanced Debt or is otherwise subordinated on terms substantially reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in section 3(2) of ERISA, which (a) is currently or hereafter sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or an ERISA Affiliate or (b) was at any time during the six calendar years preceding the date hereof, sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or an ERISA Affiliate. 
 Prime Rate means, at any time, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the day such change in such prime rate occurs. The 
 22 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

parties hereto acknowledge that the rate announced publicly by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate is an index or base rate and shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to its customers or other banks. 
 Pro Forma Properties has the meaning assigned such term in Section 9.18(b). 
 Property means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including, without limitation, cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 Proposed Borrowing Base has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.07(c)(i). 
 Proposed Borrowing Base Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.07(c)(ii). 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20(b)(iv). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20. 
 Qualified Professional Asset Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 12.21(a)(iii). 
 Redemption means with respect to any Debt, the repurchase, redemption, prepayment, repayment, defeasance or any other acquisition or retirement for value (or the segregation of funds with respect to any of the foregoing) of such Debt, except as provided in the definition of the term Senior Unsecured Notes . Redeem has the correlative meaning thereto. 
 Redemption Calculation Date means November 28, 2017. 
 Redetermination Date means, with respect to any Scheduled Redetermination or any Interim Redetermination, the date that the redetermined Borrowing Base related thereto becomes effective pursuant to Section 2.07(d). 
 Register has the meaning assigned such term in Section 12.04(b)(iv). 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board, as the same may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors (including attorneys, accountants and experts) of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any depositing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, placing, emitting, discarding, abandoning, emptying, discharging, migrating, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, or disposing. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 23 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Remedial Work has the meaning assigned such term in Section 8.10(a). 
 Required Lenders means, at any time while no Loans or LC Exposure is outstanding, if there are only two Lenders, two Lenders, and if there are more than two, three or more Lenders, in each instance having at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2 3 of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts and at any time while any Loans or LC Exposure is outstanding, if there are only two Lenders, two Lenders, and if there are more than two, three or more Lenders, in each instance holding at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2 3 of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit (without regard to any sale by a Lender of a participation in any Loan under Section 12.04(c)) provided that the Maximum Credit Amounts and the principal amount of the Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit of the Defaulting Lenders (if any) shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders. 
 Reserve Report means a report, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, setting forth, as of each January 1st or July 1st (or such other date in the event of an Interim Redetermination) the oil and gas reserves attributable to the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, together with a projection of the rate of production and future net income, taxes, operating expenses and capital expenditures with respect thereto as of such date, based upon the pricing assumptions consistent with the Administrative Agent s lending requirements at the time. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means, as to any Person, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Financial Officer or any Vice President of such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references to a Responsible Officer herein shall mean a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other Property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other Property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans and its LC Exposure at such time. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Rating Service, a division of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Scheduled Redetermination has the meaning assigned such term in Section 2.07(b). 
 Scheduled Redetermination Date means the date on which a Borrowing Base that has been redetermined pursuant to a Scheduled Redetermination becomes effective as provided in Section 2.07(d). 
 24 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor Governmental Authority. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2019, among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Secured Debt means, as of any date, Total Debt that is secured by a Lien on any Property of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower, or any Restricted Subsidiary (including, without limitation, the total Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders as of such date). 
 Secured Swap Agreement means any Swap Agreement between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Person that is entered into prior to the time, or during the time, that such Person was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender (including any such Swap Agreement in existence prior to the date hereof), even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender for any reason (any such Person, a Secured Swap Party ). For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this definition and the definitions of Secured Swap Party and Secured Swap Obligations , the term Lender includes each Person that was a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement at the relevant time. 
 Secured Swap Obligations means all amounts and other obligations owing to any Secured Swap Party under any Secured Swap Agreement provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if a Secured Swap Party ceases to be a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender), then the Secured Swap Obligations owing to such Secured Swap Party under any such Secured Swap Agreement shall not include any obligations arising from transactions entered into after the time that such Secured Swap Party ceases to be a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender. 
 Secured Swap Party has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Secured Swap Agreement. 
 Security Instruments means the Guaranty Agreement, mortgages, deeds of trust, deposit account control agreements, securities account control agreements, and other agreements, instruments, including, without limitation, those described or referred to in Exhibit E, and any and all other agreements, instruments, consents or certificates now or hereafter executed and delivered by the Borrower or any other Person (other than Swap Agreements with a Secured Swap Party or participation or similar agreements between any Lender and any other lender or creditor with respect to any Indebtedness pursuant to this Agreement) in connection with, or as security for the payment or performance of the Indebtedness, the Notes, this Agreement, or reimbursement obligations under the Letters of Credit, as such agreements may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes means Debt in the form of unsecured senior or senior subordinated notes issued by the Borrower or the Parent Guarantor in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 1,000,000,000 at any one time outstanding, including exchange notes issued in exchange therefor pursuant to any registration rights agreement (it being agreed that any such exchange or offer to exchange shall not constitute a Redemption or an offer to Redeem for purposes of this Agreement), and, in each case, any guarantees thereof by a Guarantor (and, in the case of Senior Unsecured Notes issued by the Parent Guarantor, any guarantee thereof by the Borrower) provided that (a) at the time of incurring such Debt (i) no Default has occurred and is then continuing and (ii) no Default would result from the incurrence of such Debt after giving effect to the incurrence of such Debt (and any concurrent repayment, redemption or satisfaction and discharge of Debt with the proceeds of such incurrence and for the avoidance of doubt, including pro forma compliance with Section 9.01(a)), (b) such Debt does not have any scheduled amortization prior to 91 days after the Maturity Date, (c) such Debt does not mature 
 25 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

sooner than 91 days after the Maturity Date, (d) the terms of such Debt are not materially more onerous, taken as a whole, than the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (e) such Debt and any guarantees thereof are on prevailing market terms for similarly situated companies and (f) the Borrowing Base is adjusted as contemplated by Section 2.07(f) if required pursuant thereto and the Borrower makes any prepayment required under Section 3.04(c)(iii). 
 Seventh Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Seventh Amendment Effective Date means June 2, 2021. 
 Sixth Amendment means that certain Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Sixth Amendment Effective Date means November 6, 2020. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Loan means any Loan bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR as provided in Section 3.02(b). 
 Subsidiary means (a) any Person of which at least a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors, managers or other governing body of such Person (irrespective of whether or not at the time Equity Interests of any other class or classes of such Person shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries and (b) any partnership of which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a general partner. Unless otherwise indicated herein, each reference to the term Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary the Borrower. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement, whether exchange traded, over-the-counter or otherwise, involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, including any such obligation comprised of a guaranty or a security interest or other Lien. 
 26 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s) and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Agreements, as determined by the counterparties to such Swap Agreements. 
 Syndication Agents means PNC Bank, National Association and Truist Bank, as co-syndication agents for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Synthetic Leases means, in respect of any Person, all leases which shall have been, or should have been, in accordance with GAAP, treated as operating leases on the financial statements of the Person liable (whether contingently or otherwise) for the payment of rent thereunder and which were properly treated as indebtedness for borrowed money for purposes of U.S. federal income taxes, if the lessee in respect thereof is obligated to either purchase for an amount in excess of, or pay upon early termination an amount in excess of, 80 of the residual value of the Property subject to such operating lease upon expiration or early termination of such lease. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority. 
 Termination Date means the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
 27 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation (a) with respect to an ABR Loan (if calculated pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate ), a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 for such ABR Loan or (b) with respect to a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 for such SOFR Loan. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means October 8, 2019. 
 Total Debt means, at any date, all Debt of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, under clause (a) of the definition of Debt, excluding non-cash obligations under ASC 815. 
 Transactions means, with respect to (a) the Borrower, the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder, and the grant of Liens by the Borrower on Mortgaged Properties and other Properties pursuant to the Security Instruments and (b) each Guarantor, the execution, delivery and performance by such Guarantor of each Loan Document to which it is a party, the guaranteeing of the Indebtedness and the other obligations under the Guaranty Agreement and such Guarantor s grant of the security interests and provision of collateral under the Security Instruments, and the grant of Liens by such Guarantor on Mortgaged Properties pursuant to the Security Instruments. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Units has the meaning assigned to such term in the Borrower LLC Agreement. 
 28 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated as such on Schedule 7.14 from time to time or which the Borrower has designated in writing to the Administrative Agent to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 9.19, until such time as the Borrower redesignates such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities provided, that for purposes of notice requirements in Sections 2.03, 2.04 and 3.04, in each case, such day is also a Business Day. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning set forth in Section 12.20. 
 Utilization Percentage means, as of any day, the fraction expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures on such day, and the denominator of which is the total Commitments in effect on such day. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.03 Types of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans and Borrowings, respectively, may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a SOFR Loan or a SOFR Borrowing ). 
 Section 1.04 Terms Generally Rules of Construction. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including as used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth in the Loan Documents), (b) any reference herein to any law shall be construed as referring to such law as amended, modified, codified or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to the restrictions contained in the Loan Documents), (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) with respect to the determination of any time period, the word from means from and including and the word to means to and including and (f) any reference herein to Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement. No provision 
 29 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be interpreted or construed against any Person solely because such Person or its legal representative drafted such provision. 
 Section 1.05 Accounting Terms and Determinations GAAP. Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all determinations with respect to accounting matters hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements and certificates and reports as to financial matters required to be furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with GAAP, applied on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements except for changes in which the Borrower s independent certified public accountants concur and which are disclosed to Administrative Agent on the next date on which financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 8.01(a) provided that, unless the Borrower and the Majority Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing, no such change shall modify or affect the manner in which compliance with the covenants contained herein is computed such that all such computations shall be conducted utilizing financial information presented consistently with prior periods. 
 Section 1.06 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Section 1.07 Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.03(c), will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 30 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

ARTICLE II The Credits 
 Section 2.01 Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans to the Borrower during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or (b) the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the total Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow the Loans. 
 Section 2.02 Loans and Borrowings. 
 (a) Borrowings Several Obligations . Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b) Types of Loans . Subject to Section 3.03(c), each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) Minimum Amounts Limitation on Number of Borrowings . At the commencement of each Interest Period for any SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 and not less than 250,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 and not less than 250,000 provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.08(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 (d) Notes . The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by a single promissory note of the Borrower in substantially the form of Exhibit A, dated, in the case of (i) any Lender party hereto as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of this Agreement, (ii) any Lender that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, as of the effective date of the Assignment and Assumption, or (iii) any Lender that becomes a party hereto in connection with an increase in the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts pursuant to Section 2.06(b), as of the effective date of such increase, payable to such Lender in a principal amount equal to its Maximum Credit Amount as in effect on such date, and otherwise duly completed. In the event that any Lender s Maximum Credit Amount increases or decreases for any reason (whether pursuant to Section 2.06, Section 12.04(b) or otherwise), the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered on the effective date of such increase or decrease, a new Note payable to such Lender in a principal amount equal to its Maximum Credit Amount after giving effect to such increase or decrease, and otherwise duly completed. The date, amount, Type, interest rate and, if applicable, Interest Period of each Loan made by each Lender, and all payments made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by such Lender on its books for its Note, and, prior to any transfer, may be endorsed by such Lender on a schedule attached to such Note or any continuation thereof or on any separate record maintained by such 
 31 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Lender. Failure to make any such notation or to attach a schedule shall not affect any Lender s or the Borrower s rights or obligations in respect of such Loans or affect the validity of such transfer by any Lender of its Note. 
 (e) Loans and Borrowings under the Existing Credit Agreement . On the Effective Date 
 (i) the Borrower shall pay all accrued and unpaid commitment fees, break funding fees under Section 5.02 and all other fees that are outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement for the account of each Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement 
 (ii) each ABR Loan and Eurodollar Loan (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be continued as existing Loans under this Agreement and not as a novation 
 (iii) any letters of credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed issued under this Agreement and 
 (iv) the Existing Credit Agreement and the commitments thereunder shall be superseded by this Agreement. 
 It is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Existing Credit Agreement or evidence repayment of any such obligations and liabilities and that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement and re-evidence the obligations of the Borrower outstanding thereunder. To the extent not amended and restated as of the Effective Date, the Loan Documents executed in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement and in effect prior to the Effective Date (the Existing Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect, are hereby ratified, reaffirmed and confirmed in all respects, and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute Loan Documents under this Agreement. The terms of the Loan Documents that correspond to the Existing Loan Documents that have been amended and restated as of the Effective Date shall govern for any period occurring on or after the Effective Date, and the terms of such Existing Loan Documents prior to their amendment and restatement shall govern for any period beginning before the Effective Date and ending on the day immediately preceding the Effective Date. In furtherance of the foregoing, (A) each reference in any Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , any other Loan Document that is being amended and restated as of the Effective Date, thereunder , thereof or words of like import, is hereby amended, mutatis mutandis, as applicable in the context, to be a reference to, and shall thereafter mean, this Agreement or such other amended and restated Loan Document, as applicable in the context (as each may be amended, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time) and (B) the definition of any term defined in any Loan Document by reference to the terms defined in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document that is being amended and restated as of the Effective Date is hereby amended to be defined by reference to the defined term in this Agreement or such other amended and restated Loan Document, as applicable (as each may be amended, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time). 
 Section 2.03 Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (a) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, Houston, Texas time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed SOFR Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 A.M., Houston, Texas time, on the Business Day of the proposed ABR Borrowing provided that no such notice shall be required for any deemed request of an ABR Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.08(e). Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be 
 32 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

confirmed promptly by hand delivery, electronic communication or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in substantially the form of Exhibit B and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period 
 (v) the amount of the then effective Borrowing Base, the amount of the then effective Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts, the current total Revolving Credit Exposures (without regard to the requested Borrowing) and the pro forma total Revolving Credit Exposures (giving effect to the requested Borrowing) and 
 (vi) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.05. 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Each Borrowing Request shall constitute a representation that the amount of the requested Borrowing shall not cause the total Revolving Credit Exposures to exceed the total Commitments (i.e., the least of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts, the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts, and the then effective Borrowing Base). 
 Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 Section 2.04 Interest Elections . 
 (a) Conversion and Continuance . Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.04. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 (b) Interest Election Requests . To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.04, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower was requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, electronic communication or telecopy to the 
 33 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in substantially the form of Exhibit C and signed by the Borrower. 
 (c) Information in Interest Election Requests . Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(iii) and (iv) shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Notice to Lenders by the Administrative Agent . Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) Effect of Failure to Deliver Timely Interest Election Request and Events of Default and Borrowing Base Deficiencies on Interest Election . If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be automatically continued as a SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month s duration. Any such continuation shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable SOFR Loan. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default or a Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred and is continuing, no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing (and any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective) and unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 Section 2.05 Funding of Borrowings. 
 (a) Funding by Lenders . Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1 00 p.m., Houston, Texas time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in Houston, Texas and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.08(e) shall 
 34 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for its Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for its Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (b) Presumption of Funding by the Lenders . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.05(a) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 Section 2.06 Termination and Modifications of Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts and Optional Modifications of Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts. 
 (a) Termination, Reduction and Increase of Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts . 
 (i) Scheduled Termination of Commitments . Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. If at any time the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts or the Borrowing Base is terminated or reduced to zero, then the Commitments shall terminate on the effective date of such termination or reduction. 
 (ii) Optional Termination and Reduction of Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts . 
 (A) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts provided that (1) each reduction of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (2) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 3.04(c), the total Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the total Commitments. 
 (B) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts under Section 2.06(a)(ii)(A) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.06(a)(ii)(B) shall be irrevocable. Any termination or reduction of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts shall be permanent and may not be reinstated. Each reduction of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with each Lender s Applicable Percentage. 
 35 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(b) Optional Modifications of Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts . 
 (i) Establishment of Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts . Within the three (3) Business Day period following its receipt of the New Borrowing Base Notice as a result of a Scheduled Redetermination or Interim Redetermination, as applicable, the Borrower shall provide written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that specifies for the period from the effective date of the New Borrowing Base Notice until the earliest of the next succeeding Scheduled Redetermination Date or Interim Redetermination Date or other adjustment to the Borrowing Base as provided hereunder, the amount it requests that the Lenders provide as the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts in accordance with the following procedure 
 (A) if the amount of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts is unchanged, then each Lender s Elected Commitment Amount will remain unchanged 
 (B) if the amount of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts is to decrease, then each Lender s Elected Commitment Amount will be decreased ratably in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the reduction and 
 (C) if the amount of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts is to increase, then any increase will be effected in accordance with Section 2.06(b)(ii). 
 (ii) Optional Increase of Aggregate Elected Commitment Amount . 
 (A) Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B), the Borrower may increase the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts then in effect by increasing the Elected Commitment Amount of any one or more Lenders and or by causing a Person that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent that at such time is not a Lender (it being agreed that any Affiliate of a Lender shall be deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to become a Lender (an Additional Lender ). 
 (B) Any increase in the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (1) such increase shall not (I) result in the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts or the total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect and (II) if not in connection with any Scheduled Redetermination or Interim Redetermination, be less than 5,000,000 unless such increase is equal to the remaining difference between the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts and the Borrowing Base then in effect 
 (2) following any Scheduled Redetermination Date or Interim Redetermination Date, the Borrower may not increase the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts more than once before the next Scheduled Redetermination Date or Interim Redetermination Date, as applicable 
 (3) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the effective date of such increase 
 (4) on the effective date of such increase, if any SOFR Borrowings are outstanding, then (I) the effective date of such increase shall be the last day of the Interest Period in respect of such SOFR Borrowings, (II) the Lenders shall each take a ratable share of such increase or (III) the Borrower shall pay compensation required by Section 5.02 
 36 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(5) no Lender s Elected Commitment Amount may be increased without the written consent of such Lender 
 (6) if the Borrower elects to increase the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts by increasing the Elected Commitment Amount of a Lender, then (I) the Borrower and such Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 (an Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreement and (II) the Borrower shall (1) if requested by such Lender, deliver a Note payable to such Lender in a principal amount equal to its Maximum Credit Amount, and otherwise duly completed (if its Maximum Credit Amount has also increased) and (2) pay any fees as may have been agreed to between the Borrower, such Lender and or the Administrative Agent and 
 (7) if the Borrower elects to increase the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts by causing an Additional Lender to become a party to this Agreement, then (I) the Borrower and such Additional Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 (an Additional Lender Agreement ), together with an Administrative Questionnaire and a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 and (II) the Borrower shall (1) if requested by such Lender, deliver a Note payable to such Additional Lender in a principal amount equal to its Maximum Credit Amount, and otherwise duly completed and (2) pay any fees as may have been agreed to between the Borrower, the Additional Lender and or the Administrative Agent. 
 (C) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii)(D), from and after the effective date specified in the Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreement or the Additional Lender Agreement (1) the amount of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts shall be increased as set forth therein and (2) in the case of an Additional Lender Agreement, any Additional Lender party thereto shall be a party to this Agreement and have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In addition, the Lender or the Additional Lender, as applicable, shall purchase a pro rata portion of the outstanding Loans (and participation interests in Letters of Credit) of each of the other Lenders (and such Lenders hereby agree to sell and to take all such further action to effectuate such sale) such that each Lender (including any Additional Lender, if applicable) shall hold its Applicable Percentage of the outstanding Loans (and participation interests in Letters of Credit) after giving effect to the increase in the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amount. 
 (D) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreement or an Additional Lender Agreement, executed by the Borrower and the Lender or by the Borrower and the Additional Lender party thereto, as applicable, the processing and recording fee referred to in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B) and the Administrative Questionnaire referred to in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B), if applicable, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreement or Additional Lender Agreement and record the information contained therein in the Register required to be maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iv). No increase in the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this Section 2.06(b)(ii)(D). 
 (E) Upon any increase in the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(ii), (1) each Lender s Maximum Credit Amount shall be automatically deemed amended to the extent necessary so that each such Lender s percentage of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts equals such Lender s Applicable Percentage, in each case after giving effect to such increase, and (2) Annex I to this Agreement shall be deemed amended to reflect the Maximum Credit Amount and Elected Commitment Amount of each 
 37 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Lender (including any Additional Lender) as thereby amended and any resulting changes in the Lenders Applicable Percentages. 
 (F) In the event that any Lender s Maximum Credit Amount increases or decreases as a result of the foregoing sub-clause (E), if requested, the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered, to the extent such Lender is then holding a Note, on the effective date of such increase or decrease, a new Note payable to such Lender in a principal amount equal to its Maximum Credit Amount after giving effect to such increase or decrease, and otherwise duly completed. 
 (iii) Optional Reduction of Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts . 
 (A) The Borrower may at any time reduce the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amount provided that (1) each reduction shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (2) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts unless, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans, the total Revolving Credit Exposures would not exceed the total Commitments. 
 (B) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to reduce the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts under Section 2.06(b)(iii)(A) at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii)(B) shall be irrevocable. Each reduction of the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with each Lender s Applicable Percentage. 
 Section 2.07 Borrowing Base. 
 (a) Initial Borrowing Base . For the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the next Redetermination Date, the amount of the Borrowing Base shall be 475,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowing Base may be subject to further adjustments from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07(e), Section 2.07(f), Section 8.13(c), Section 9.05(m)(ii), or Section 9.12(d). 
 (b) Scheduled and Interim Redeterminations . The Borrowing Base shall be redetermined semi-annually in accordance with this Section 2.07 (a Scheduled Redetermination ), and, subject to Section 2.07(d), such redetermined Borrowing Base shall become effective and applicable to the Borrower, the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders on May 1st and November 1st of each year, commencing November 1, 2018. In addition, the Borrower may, by notifying the Administrative Agent thereof, and the Administrative Agent may, at the direction of the Majority Lenders, by notifying the Borrower thereof, three times during any twelve month period, each elect to cause the Borrowing Base to be redetermined between Scheduled Redeterminations (an Interim Redetermination in accordance with this Section 2.07. 
 (c) Scheduled and Interim Redetermination Procedure. 
 (i) Each Scheduled Redetermination and each Interim Redetermination shall be effectuated as follows Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of (A) the Reserve Report and the certificate required to be delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, in the case of a Scheduled Redetermination, pursuant to Section 8.12(a) and (c), and, in the case of an Interim Redetermination, pursuant to Section 8.12(b) and (c), and 
 38 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(B) such other reports, data and supplemental information, including, without limitation, the information provided pursuant to Section 8.12(c), as may, from time to time, be reasonably requested by the Majority Lenders (the Reserve Report, such certificate and such other reports, data and supplemental information being the Engineering Reports ), the Administrative Agent shall evaluate the information contained in the Engineering Reports and shall, in good faith, propose a new Borrowing Base (the Proposed Borrowing Base based upon such information and such other information (including, without limitation, the status of title information with respect to the Oil and Gas Properties as described in the Engineering Reports and the existence of any other Debt) as the Administrative Agent deems appropriate in its sole discretion and consistent with its normal oil and gas lending criteria as it exists at the particular time. In no event shall the Proposed Borrowing Base exceed the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts. 
 (ii) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Proposed Borrowing Base (the Proposed Borrowing Base Notice 
 (A) in the case of a Scheduled Redetermination (1) if the Administrative Agent shall have received the Engineering Reports required to be delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.12(a) and (c) in a timely and complete manner, then on or before the April 15 th and October 15 th of such year following the date of delivery or (2) if the Administrative Agent shall not have received the Engineering Reports required to be delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.12(a) and (c) in a timely and complete manner, then promptly after the Administrative Agent has received complete Engineering Reports from the Borrower and has had a reasonable opportunity to determine the Proposed Borrowing Base in accordance with Section 2.07(c)(i) and 
 (B) in the case of an Interim Redetermination, promptly, and in any event, within fifteen (15) days after the Administrative Agent has received the required Engineering Reports. 
 (iii) Any Proposed Borrowing Base that would increase the Borrowing Base then in effect must be approved or deemed to have been approved by all of the Lenders as provided in this Section 2.07(c)(iii) and any Proposed Borrowing Base that would decrease or maintain the Borrowing Base then in effect must be approved or be deemed to have been approved by the Required Lenders as provided in this Section 2.07(c)(iii). Upon receipt of the Proposed Borrowing Base Notice, each Lender shall have fifteen (15) days to agree with the Proposed Borrowing Base or disagree with the Proposed Borrowing Base by proposing an alternate Borrowing Base. If at the end of such fifteen (15) days, any Lender has not communicated its approval or disapproval in writing to the Administrative Agent, such silence shall be deemed to be an approval of the Proposed Borrowing Base. If, at the end of such 15-day period, all of the Lenders, in the case of a Proposed Borrowing Base that would increase the Borrowing Base then in effect, or the Required Lenders, in the case of a Proposed Borrowing Base that would decrease or maintain the Borrowing Base then in effect, have approved or deemed to have approved, as aforesaid, then the Proposed Borrowing Base shall become the new Borrowing Base, effective on the date specified in Section 2.07(d). If, however, at the end of such 15-day period, all of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, have not approved or deemed to have approved, as aforesaid, then the Administrative Agent shall poll the Lenders to ascertain the highest Borrowing Base then acceptable to the number of Lenders sufficient to constitute the Required Lenders for purposes of this Section 2.07 and, so long as such amount does not increase the Borrowing Base then in effect, such amount shall become the new Borrowing Base effective on the date specified in Section 2.07(d). 
 
 39 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(d) Effectiveness of a Redetermined Borrowing Base . After a redetermined Borrowing Base is approved or is deemed to have been approved by all of the Lenders or the Majority Lenders, as applicable, pursuant to Section 2.07(c)(iii), the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the amount of the redetermined Borrowing Base (the New Borrowing Base Notice ), and such amount shall become the new Borrowing Base, effective and applicable to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders 
 (i) in the case of a Scheduled Redetermination, (A) if the Administrative Agent shall have received the Engineering Reports required to be delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.12(a) and (c) in a timely and complete manner, then on the May 1 st or November 1st, as applicable, following such notice, or (B) if the Administrative Agent shall not have received the Engineering Reports required to be delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.12(a) and (b) in a timely and complete manner, then on the Business Day next succeeding delivery of such notice and 
 (ii) in the case of an Interim Redetermination, on the Business Day next succeeding delivery of such notice. 
 Such amount shall then become the Borrowing Base until the next Scheduled Redetermination Date, the next Interim Redetermination Date or the next adjustment to the Borrowing Base under Section 2.07(e), Section 2.07(f), Section 8.13(c), Section 9.05(m)(ii), or Section 9.12, whichever occurs first. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Scheduled Redetermination or Interim Redetermination shall become effective until the New Borrowing Base Notice related thereto is received by the Borrower. 
 (e) Potential Adjustment of Borrowing Base Upon Termination of Swap Agreements . If the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall terminate or create any off-setting positions which have the economic effect of terminating any Swap Agreements (regardless of how evidenced) upon which the Lenders relied in determining the Borrowing Base, and which would affect the Borrowing Base (after giving effect to any replacement Swap Agreements), then, to the extent required by the Majority Lenders within 10 Business Days of such termination, the Borrowing Base shall be adjusted in an amount determined by the Majority Lenders equal to the economic value of such Swap Agreements. 
 (f) Reduction of Borrowing Base Upon Issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon each initial issuance of any Senior Unsecured Notes pursuant to Section 9.02(g)(i) (other than (i) for the avoidance of doubt, issuances of Senior Unsecured Notes in an exchange offer or in a refinancing of Senior Unsecured Notes pursuant to Section 9.02(g)(ii) and (ii) initial issuances of Senior Unsecured Notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000,000 if such issuances occur on or after the Third Amendment Effective Date and prior to the date that the Scheduled Redetermination scheduled for on or about November 1, 2019 becomes effective pursuant to Section 2.07(d), in each case as to which issuances in this parenthetical no such reduction shall occur), the Borrowing Base then in effect shall be reduced by an amount equal to the product of 0.25 multiplied by the stated principal amount of such Senior Unsecured Notes (without regard to any initial issue discount), and the Borrowing Base as so reduced shall become the new Borrowing Base immediately upon the date of such issuance, effective and applicable to the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders on such date until the next redetermination or modification thereof hereunder. 
 40 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 2.08 Letters of Credit. 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of dollar denominated Letters of Credit for its own account or for the account of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period provided that the Borrower may not request the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of Letters of Credit hereunder if a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists at such time or would exist as a result thereof. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Section 2.08 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2.09 and Section 2.10. 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (not less than five (5) Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice 
 (i) requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended 
 (ii) specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day) 
 (iii) specifying the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with Section 2.08(c)) 
 (iv) specifying the amount of such Letter of Credit 
 (v) specifying the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit and 
 (vi) specifying the amount of the then effective Borrowing Base and the then effective Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts and whether a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists at such time, the current total Revolving Credit Exposures (without regard to the requested Letter of Credit or the requested amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit) and the pro forma total Revolving Credit Exposures (giving effect to the requested Letter of Credit or the requested amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit). 
 Each such notice shall constitute a representation that after giving effect to the requested issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, as applicable, (A) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Commitment and (B) the total Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the total Commitments (i.e. the least of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts, the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts, and the then effective Borrowing Base). 
 If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. 
 41 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date fifteen (15) months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, fifteen (15) months after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date provided, however, that any Letter of Credit may provide for the renewal thereof for additional periods, each of which shall not exceed fifteen (15) months (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (ii) above). 
 (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in Section 2.08(e), or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this Section 2.08(d) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default, the existence of a Borrowing Base Deficiency or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12 00 noon, Houston, Texas time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, Houston, Texas time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 10 00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that if such LC Disbursement is not less than 1,000,000, the Borrower shall, subject to the conditions to Borrowing set forth herein, be deemed to have requested, and the Borrower does hereby request under such circumstances, that such payment be financed with an ABR Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.05 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.05 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.08(e), the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this Section 2.08(e) to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.08(e) to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding 
 42 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

of ABR Loans as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in Section 2.08(e) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any Letter of Credit Agreement, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.08(f), constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised all requisite care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (h) Interim Interest . If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, until the Borrower shall have reimbursed the Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement (either with its own funds or a Borrowing under Section 2.08(e)), the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans. Interest accrued pursuant to this Section 2.08(h) shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any 
 43 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Lender pursuant to Section 2.08(e) to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (i) Replacement of the Issuing Bank . The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.05(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (j) Cash Collateralization . If (i) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing and the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.08(j), or (ii) the Borrower is required to pay to the Administrative Agent the excess attributable to an LC Exposure in connection with any prepayment pursuant to Section 3.04(c), then the Borrower shall deposit, in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to, in the case of an Event of Default, the LC Exposure, and in the case of a payment required by Section 3.04(c), the amount of such excess as provided in Section 3.04(c), as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary described in Section 10.01(h) or Section 10.01(i). The Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, an exclusive first priority and continuing perfected security interest in and Lien on such account and all cash, checks, drafts, certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time deposited or held in such account, all deposits or wire transfers made thereto, any and all investments purchased with funds deposited in such account, all interest, dividends, cash, instruments, financial assets and other Property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise payable in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the foregoing, and all proceeds, products, accessions, rents, profits, income and benefits therefrom, and any substitutions and replacements therefor. The Borrower s obligation to deposit amounts pursuant to this Section 2.08(j) shall be absolute and unconditional, without regard to whether any beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit has attempted to draw down all or a portion of such amount under the terms of a Letter of Credit, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be subject to any defense or be affected by a right of set-off, counterclaim or recoupment which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries may now or hereafter have against any such beneficiary, the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any other Person for any reason whatsoever. Such deposit shall be held as collateral securing the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments, if any, shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, but subject to the consent (not to be unreasonably withheld) of the Borrower and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. 
 44 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, and the Borrower is not otherwise required to pay to the Administrative Agent the excess attributable to an LC Exposure in connection with any prepayment pursuant to Section 3.04(c), then such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 Section 2.09 Cash Collateral. 
 (a) At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Bank with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.10(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. The Borrower may use proceeds of Borrowings for the provision of Cash Collateral (so long as no Borrowing Base Deficiency, Default or Event of Default exists). 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of LC Exposure, to be applied pursuant to subsection (ii) below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, within 2 Business Days upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.09 or Section 2.10 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of LC Exposure (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (d) Termination of Requirement . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Bank shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.09 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided that, subject to Section 2.10, the Person providing Cash Collateral and the Issuing Bank may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations and provided further that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 45 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 2.10 Defaulting Lenders. 
 (a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Majority Lenders. 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article X or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 12.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank hereunder third, to Cash Collateralize the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Bank with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.09 fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan or funded participation in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans and funded participations under this Agreement and (B) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Bank s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.09 sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or the Issuing Bank against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (1) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or funded participations in Letters of Credit in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (2) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 6.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and funded participations in Letters of Credit owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or funded participations in Letters of Credit owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in LC Exposure are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitment under the Agreement without giving effect to Section 2.10(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.10(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 
 46 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(iii) Certain Fees . 
 (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive letter of credit fees pursuant to Section 3.05(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.09. 
 (C) With respect to any commitment fee or letter of credit fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Exposure that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to each Issuing Bank, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that (A) the conditions set forth in Section 6.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (B) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (v) Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.09. 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments under this Agreement (without giving effect to Section 2.10(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting 
 47 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (c) New Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 ARTICLE III Payments of Principal and Interest Prepayments Fees 
 Section 3.01 Repayment of Loans. The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan on the Termination Date. 
 Section 3.02 Interest. 
 (a) ABR Loans . The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin, but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate. 
 (b) SOFR Loans . The Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin, but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate. 
 (c) Post-Default Rate and Borrowing Base Deficiency Rate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and including any payments in respect of a Borrowing Base Deficiency under Section 3.04(c), then all Loans outstanding, in the case of an Event of Default, and such overdue amount, in the case of a failure to pay amounts when due, shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to two percent (2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in Section 3.02(a), but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, and (ii) during any Borrowing Base Deficiency, all Loans outstanding at such time shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at the rate then applicable to such Loans, plus the Applicable Margin, if any, plus an additional two percent (2 ), but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate. 
 (d) Interest Payment Dates . Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and on the Termination Date provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to Section 3.02(c) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than an optional prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the Termination Date), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment, and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e) Interest Rate Computations . All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, unless such computation would exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, in which case interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, 
 48 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Adjusted Term SOFR and Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and be binding upon the parties hereto. 
 (f) Term SOFR Conforming Changes . In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 
 Section 3.03 Changed Circumstances. 
 (a) Circumstances Affecting Benchmark Availability . Subject to clause (c) below, in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof or otherwise, if for any reason (i) the Administrative Agent shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that reasonable and adequate means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan on or prior to the first day of such Interest Period or (ii) the Majority Lenders shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining such Loans during such Interest Period, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to convert any Loan to or continue any Loan as a SOFR Loan, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or the affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (ii), at the instruction of the Majority Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or the affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans in the amount specified therein and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 5.02 . 
 (b) Laws Affecting SOFR Availability . If, after the date hereof, the introduction of, or any change in, any Applicable Law or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any of the Lenders (or any of their respective Lending Offices) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency, shall make it unlawful or impossible for any of the Lenders (or any of their respective Lending Offices) to honor its obligations hereunder to make or maintain any SOFR Loan, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, such Lender shall promptly give notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice to the Borrower and the other Lenders. Thereafter, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that such circumstances no longer exist, (i) the obligations of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to convert any Loan to a SOFR Loan or continue any Loan as a SOFR Loan, shall be suspended and (ii) if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall compute 
 49 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

the Alternate Base Rate without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate , in each case until each such affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans to ABR Loans (in each case, if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall compute the Alternate Base Rate without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate ), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if all affected Lenders may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, to such day, or immediately, if any Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 5.02. 
 (c) Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 (i) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 3.03(c)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.03(c). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.03(c), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(c). 
 (iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has 
 50 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (v) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during such Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to ABR Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Section 3.04 Prepayments. 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with Section 3.04(b). 
 (b) Notice and Terms of Optional Prepayment . The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or other communication in writing acceptable to the Administrative Agent) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, Houston, Texas time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, Houston, Texas time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid, and whether the prepayment is of SOFR Loans, ABR Loans, or a combination thereof, and the amount allocable to each. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 3.02. 
 
 51 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(c) Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (i) If, after giving effect to any termination or reduction of the Aggregate Maximum Credit Amounts or Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(ii) or Section 2.06(b), as applicable, the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeds the total Commitments, then the Borrower shall (A) prepay the Borrowings on the date of such termination or reduction in an aggregate principal amount equal to such excess, and (B) if any excess remains after prepaying all of the Borrowings as a result of an LC Exposure, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders an amount equal to such excess to be held as cash collateral as provided in Section 2.08(j). 
 (ii) Upon any redetermination of or adjustment to the amount of the Borrowing Base in accordance with Section 2.07 (other than Section 2.07(e) and Section 2.07(f)) or Section 8.13(c), if the total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the redetermined or adjusted Borrowing Base, then the Borrower shall (A) prepay the Borrowings in an aggregate principal amount equal to such excess, and (B) if the Borrower prepays such Borrowings pursuant to clause (A) of this subsection and any excess remains after prepaying all of the Borrowings as a result of an LC Exposure, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders an amount equal to such excess to be held as cash collateral as provided in Section 2.08(j). The Borrower shall be obligated to make such prepayment and or deposit of cash collateral within ninety (90) days following its receipt of the New Borrowing Base Notice in accordance with Section 2.07(d) or the date the adjustment occurs (and may make such prepayment and or deposit at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, prior to the end of such 90-day period) provided that all payments required to be made pursuant to this Section 3.04(c)(ii) must be made on or prior to the Termination Date. 
 (iii) Upon any adjustments to the Borrowing Base pursuant to Section 2.07(e), Section 2.07(f), Section 9.05(m)(ii), or Section 9.12(d), if the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeds the Borrowing Base as adjusted, then the Borrower shall (A) prepay the Borrowings in an aggregate principal amount equal to such excess, and (B) if any excess remains after prepaying all of the Borrowings as a result of an LC Exposure, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders an amount equal to such excess to be held as cash collateral as provided in Section 2.08(j). The Borrower shall be obligated to make such prepayment and or deposit of cash collateral on the date of such termination, creation of offsetting positions or designation or on the date on which it receives cash proceeds as a result of such issuance or disposition provided that all payments required to be made pursuant to this Section 3.04(c)(iii) must be made on or prior to the Termination Date. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries sells any Property when a Borrowing Base Deficiency or Event of Default exists, then the Borrower shall (A) prepay the Borrowings in an aggregate principal amount equal to the net cash proceeds received from such sale, and (B) if any excess remains after prepaying all of the Borrowings and there exists any LC Exposure, pay to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders an amount equal to the lesser of such excess and the amount of such LC Exposure to be held as cash collateral as provided in Section 2.08(j). The Borrower shall be obligated to make such prepayment and or deposit of cash collateral on the date it or any Restricted Subsidiary receives cash proceeds as a result of such sale provided that all payments required to be made pursuant to this Section 3.04(c)(iv) must be made on or prior to the Termination Date. 
 
 52 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(v) Each prepayment of Borrowings pursuant to this Section 3.04(c) shall be applied, first, ratably to any ABR Borrowings then outstanding, and, second, to any SOFR Borrowings then outstanding, and if more than one SOFR Borrowing is then outstanding, to each such SOFR Borrowing in order of priority beginning with the SOFR Borrowing with the least number of days remaining in the Interest Period applicable thereto and ending with the SOFR Borrowing with the most number of days remaining in the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 (vi) Each prepayment of Borrowings pursuant to this Section 3.04(c) shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowings. Prepayments pursuant to this Section 3.04(c) shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 3.02. 
 (d) No Premium or Penalty . Prepayments permitted or required under this Section 3.04 shall be without premium or penalty, except as required under Section 5.02. 
 Section 3.05 Fees. 
 (a) Commitment Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date of this Agreement to but excluding the Termination Date. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the Termination Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, unless such computation would exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, in which case interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to SOFR Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the date of this Agreement to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the date of this Agreement to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, provided that in no event shall such fee be less than 500 during any calendar year, and (iii) to the Issuing Bank, for its own account, its standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date of this Agreement provided that all such fees shall be payable on the Termination Date and any such fees accruing after the Termination Date shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 3.05(b) shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, unless such computation would exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, in which case interest shall be computed on 
 53 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (c) Other Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account and for the account of each Lender, as applicable, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in the Fee Letter. 
 ARTICLE IV Payments Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 Section 4.01 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs. 
 (a) Payments by the Borrower . The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 5.01, Section 5.02, Section 5.03 or otherwise) prior to 12 00 noon, Houston, Texas time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without defense, deduction, recoupment, set-off or counterclaim. Fees, once paid, shall be fully earned and shall not be refundable under any circumstances. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices specified in Section 12.01, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Section 5.01, Section 5.02, Section 5.03 and Section 12.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars. 
 (b) Application of Insufficient Payments . If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this Section 4.01(c) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this 
 54 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 4.01(c) shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 Section 4.02 Presumption of Payment by the Borrower. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
 Section 4.03 Disposition of Proceeds. The Security Instruments contain an assignment by the Borrower and the Guarantors unto and in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders of all of the Borrower s and each Guarantor s interest in and to production and all proceeds attributable thereto which may be produced from or allocated to the Mortgaged Property. The Security Instruments further provide in general for the application of such proceeds to the satisfaction of the Indebtedness and other obligations described therein and secured thereby. Notwithstanding the assignment contained in such Security Instruments, until the occurrence of an Event of Default, (a) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree that they will neither notify the purchaser or purchasers of such production nor take any other action to cause such proceeds to be remitted to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, but the Lenders will instead permit such proceeds to be paid to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to take such actions as may be necessary to cause such proceeds to be paid to the Borrower and such Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 ARTICLE V Increased Costs Break Funding Payments Taxes Illegality 
 Section 5.01 Increased Costs. 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or advances, loans or other credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the Issuing Bank or 
 
 55 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(ii) impose on any Lender any other condition affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or liquidity or on the capital or liquidity of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates . A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Effect of Failure or Delay in Requesting Compensation . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 5.01 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 365 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 365-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 Section 5.02 Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan into an ABR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, or (d) the assignment of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.04, then, in any such event, upon the request of any Lender, the Borrower shall compensate such Lender for the loss, cost and expense (including any loss, cost or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds or from any fees payable) attributable to, or as a consequence of, such event. 
 56 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 5.02 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 Section 5.03 Taxes. 
 (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 5.03, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 (b) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or a Guarantor, as applicable, shall be increased as necessary so that, after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.03), the amounts received with respect to this Agreement equal the sum which would have been received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the written direction of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 5.03) payable or paid by the Borrower or a Guarantor, as applicable, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to the Administrative Agent or a Lender, as applicable, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower or a Guarantor has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower and the Guarantors to do so) and (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, in either case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to 
 57 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower or a Guarantor to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (g) Status of Lenders . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 5.03(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (I) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (II) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 58 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (I) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(a) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(b) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(c) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (II) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole, but reasonable, discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such 
 59 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 5.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 Section 5.04 Mitigation Obligations. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.01, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.03, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.01 or Section 5.03, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 ARTICLE VI Conditions Precedent 
 Section 6.01 Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, and the continuation of the loans and letters of credit under the Existing Credit Agreement as Loans and Letters of Credit under this Agreement as contemplated by Section 2.02(e), in each case, shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 12.02) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders shall have received all commitment, facility and agency fees and all other fees and amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and each Guarantor setting forth (i) resolutions of the members, board of directors or other appropriate governing body with respect to the authorization of the Borrower or such Guarantor to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to enter into the transactions contemplated in those documents, (ii) the officers of the Borrower or such Guarantor (A) who are authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which the Borrower or such Guarantor is a party and (B) who will, until replaced by another officer or officers duly authorized for that purpose, act as its representative for the purposes of 
 60 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

signing documents and giving notices and other communications in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) specimen signatures of such authorized officers, and (iv) the partnership agreement, the limited liability company agreement, the articles or certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other applicable organizational documents of the Borrower and such Guarantor, certified as being true and complete as of the date of such certificate. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders may conclusively rely on such certificate until the Administrative Agent receives notice in writing from the Borrower and such Guarantor to the contrary. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of the appropriate State agencies with respect to the existence, qualification and good standing of the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a compliance certificate which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D, duly and properly executed by a Responsible Officer and dated as of the Effective Date. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received from each party hereto counterparts (in such number as may be requested by the Administrative Agent) of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received from each party thereto duly executed counterparts (in such number as may be requested by the Administrative Agent) of the Security Instruments identified as New Security Instruments on Exhibit E. In connection with the execution and delivery of the Security Instruments, the Administrative Agent shall 
 (i) be reasonably satisfied that the Security Instruments create first priority, perfected Liens (subject only to Excepted Liens identified in clauses (a) to (d) and (f) of the definition thereof, but subject to the provisos at the end of such definition) on substantially all assets of the Borrower and the Guarantors, including a first priority perfected lien on all equipment and at least 80 of the total value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the Initial Reserve Report and 
 (ii) have received certificates, together with undated stock powers for such certificates, representing all of the issued and outstanding certificated Equity Interests held by the Borrower of each of the Restricted Subsidiaries (direct or indirect), if any, and all of the issued and outstanding certificated Equity Interests held by the Parent Guarantor of the Borrower, if any. 
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, counsel to the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of insurance coverage of the Borrower evidencing that the Borrower is carrying insurance in accordance with Section 7.12. 
 (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received title information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require satisfactory to the Administrative Agent setting forth the status of title to at least 80 of the total value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the Initial Reserve Report. 
 (j) The Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied with the environmental condition of the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 61 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(k) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by Section 7.03. 
 (l) The Administrative Agent shall have received the financial statements referred to in Section 7.04(a). 
 (m) The Administrative Agent shall have received appropriate UCC search certificates reflecting no prior Liens encumbering the Properties of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries for each of the following jurisdictions Delaware and any other jurisdiction requested by the Administrative Agent other than those Liens permitted by Section 9.03. 
 (n) The Administrative Agent and any Lender who so requests shall have received a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
 (o) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent or special counsel to the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 12.02) at or prior to 4 00 p.m., Houston, Texas time, on August 1, 2018 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, at such time this Agreement shall cease to be of any force or effect and the loans and letters of credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue to be outstanding thereunder). 
 Section 6.02 Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (including the initial funding), and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit and the continuation of the loans and letters of credit under the Existing Credit Agreement as Loans and Letters of Credit under this Agreement as contemplated by Section 2.02(e), in each case, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no event, development or circumstance has occurred or shall then exist that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors set forth in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or a similar qualification, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, except to the extent any such representations and warranties are expressly limited to an earlier date, in which case, on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, such representations and warranties shall continue to be true and correct in all material respects (or, if already qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or a similar qualification, true and correct in all respects) as of such specified earlier date. 
 62 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(d) The making of such Loan or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, would not conflict with, or cause any Lender or the Issuing Bank to violate or exceed, any applicable Governmental Requirement, and no Change in Law shall have occurred, and no litigation shall be pending or threatened, which does or, with respect to any threatened litigation, seeks to, enjoin, prohibit or restrain, the making or repayment of any Loan, the issuance, amendment, renewal, extension or repayment of any Letter of Credit or any participations therein or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 (e) (i) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, the value of all margin stock held by the Loan Parties is less than 25 of the value (as defined in Section 12.18(c)) of all assets of the Loan Parties directly or indirectly securing the Loans and other extensions of credit provided for under this Agreement and (ii) the receipt by the Administrative Agent of an officer s certificate of the Borrower (or a representation and warranty in the relevant Borrowing Request) certifying as to compliance with the condition described in Section 6.02(e)(i) above. 
 (f) Except with respect to the continuation of the loans and letters of credit under the Existing Credit Agreement as Loans and Letters of Credit under this Agreement as contemplated by Section 2.02(e), the receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Request in accordance with Section 2.03 or a request for a Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.08(b), as applicable. 
 (g) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Excess Cash shall exist. 
 Each request for a Borrowing and each request for the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in Section 6.02(a) through (g). 
 ARTICLE VII Representations and Warranties 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 Section 7.01 Organization Powers. The Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority, and has all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary, to own its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, and is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where failure to have such power, authority, licenses, authorizations, consents, approvals and qualifications could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 7.02 Authority Enforceability. The Transactions are within the Borrower s and each Guarantor s corporate, partnership or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action and, if required, action by any holders of its Equity Interests. Each Loan Document to which the Borrower and each Guarantor is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and such Guarantor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and such Guarantor, as applicable, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
 63 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 Section 7.03 Approvals No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or any other third Person (including holders of its Equity Interests or any class of directors, managers or supervisors, as applicable, whether interested or disinterested, of the Borrower or any other Person), nor is any such consent, approval, registration, filing or other action necessary for the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect other than the recording and filing of the Security Instruments and financing statements as required by this Agreement, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or charter, bylaws, limited partnership agreement, limited liability company agreements or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any order of any Governmental Authority, and (c) will not breach or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries or their Properties, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the Liens created by the Loan Documents). 
 Section 7.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change. 
 (a) The Parent Guarantor has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its audited, consolidated balance sheet as of and for the period ending December 31, 2017 reported on by Grant Thornton LLP, independent public accountants. Such financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and its Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
 (b) Since December 31, 2017, there has been no event, development or circumstance that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) As of the date hereof, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have no material Debt (including Disqualified Capital Stock) or any contingent liabilities, off-balance sheet liabilities or partnerships, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments or unrealized or anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or reflected or provided for in the Financial Statements, and except those that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 Section 7.05 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) not fully covered by insurance (except for normal deductibles) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions. 
 
 64 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 7.06 Environmental Matters. Except for such matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower 
 (a) The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and each of their respective Properties and operations thereon are, and within all applicable statute of limitation periods have been, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws 
 (b) The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have obtained all Environmental Permits required for their respective operations and each of their Properties, with all such Environmental Permits being currently in full force and effect, and neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has received any written notice or otherwise has knowledge that any such existing Environmental Permit will be revoked or that any application for any new Environmental Permit or renewal of any existing Environmental Permit will be protested or denied 
 (c) There are no claims, demands, suits, orders, inquiries, or proceedings concerning any violation of, or any liability (including as a potentially responsible party) under, any applicable Environmental Laws that is pending or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective Properties or as a result of any operations at the Properties 
 (d) None of the Properties of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary contain or have contained any (i) underground storage tanks (ii) asbestos-containing materials (iii) landfills or dumps (iv) hazardous waste management units as defined pursuant to RCRA or any comparable state law or (v) sites on or nominated for the National Priority List promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or any state remedial priority list promulgated or published pursuant to any comparable state law 
 (e) There has been no Release or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened Release, of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any of the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Properties, there are no investigations, remediations, abatements, removals, or monitorings of Hazardous Materials required under applicable Environmental Laws at such Properties and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, none of such Properties are adversely affected by any Release or threatened Release of a Hazardous Material originating or emanating from any other real property 
 (f) Neither the Borrower nor any of the Restricted Subsidiaries have received any written notice asserting an alleged liability or obligation under any applicable Environmental Laws with respect to the investigation, remediation, abatement, removal, or monitoring of any Hazardous Materials at, under, or Released or threatened to be Released from any real properties offsite the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Properties and, to the Borrower s knowledge, there are no conditions or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in the receipt of such written notice 
 (g) There has been no exposure of any Person or property to any Hazardous Materials as a result of or in connection with the operations and businesses of any of the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Properties that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for a claim for damages or compensation and 
 (h) The Borrower has made available to Lenders complete and correct copies of all environmental site assessment reports, investigations, studies, analyses, and correspondence on environmental matters (including matters relating to any alleged non-compliance with or liability under Environmental Laws) that are in any of the Borrower s or the 
 65 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Restricted Subsidiaries possession or control and relating to their respective Properties or operations thereon. 
 Section 7.07 Compliance With Laws and Agreements No Defaults. 
 (a) The Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Governmental Requirements applicable to it or its Property and all agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its Property, and possesses all licenses, permits, franchises, exemptions, approvals and other governmental authorizations necessary for the ownership of its Property and the conduct of its business, in each case except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiaries are in default, nor has any event or circumstance occurred which, but for the expiration of any applicable grace period or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default, or would require the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries to Redeem or make any offer to Redeem Debt under any indenture, note, credit agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Material Indebtedness is outstanding or by which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their Properties are bound. 
 (c) No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 Section 7.08 Investment Company. Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company , within the meaning of, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Section 7.09 Taxes. The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Taxes and other governmental charges are, in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower, adequate. No Tax Lien has been filed and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted with respect to any such Tax or other such governmental charge. 
 Section 7.10 ERISA. 
 (a) The Borrower, the Restricted Subsidiaries and each ERISA Affiliate have complied in all material respects with ERISA and, where applicable, the Code regarding each Plan. 
 (b) Each Plan is, and has been, established and maintained in substantial compliance with its terms, ERISA and, where applicable, the Code. 
 (c) No act, omission or transaction has occurred which could result in imposition on the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate (whether directly or indirectly) of (i) either a civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsections (c), (i), (l) or (m) of section 502 of ERISA or a tax imposed pursuant to Chapter 43 of Subtitle D of the Code or (ii) breach of fiduciary duty liability damages under section 409 of ERISA. 
 66 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(d) Full payment when due has been made of all amounts which the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required under the terms of each Plan or applicable law to have paid as contributions to such Plan as of the date hereof. 
 (e) Neither the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, or contributes to an employee welfare benefit plan, as defined in section 3(1) of ERISA, including, without limitation, any such plan maintained to provide benefits to former employees of such entities, that may not be terminated by the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate in its sole discretion at any time without any material liability. 
 (f) Neither the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or has at any time in the six-year period preceding the date hereof sponsored, maintained or contributed to, any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in section 3(2) of ERISA, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, section 302 of ERISA or section 412 of the Code. 
 Section 7.11 Disclosure No Material Misstatement. 
 (a) The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it, or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any of their Affiliates in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. There is no fact peculiar to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or in the future is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and which has not been set forth in this Agreement or the Loan Documents or the other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary prior to, or on, the date hereof in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. There are no statements or conclusions in any Reserve Report which are based upon or include misleading information or fail to take into account material information regarding the matters reported therein, it being understood that projections concerning volumes attributable to the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and production and cost estimates contained in each Reserve Report are necessarily based upon professional opinions, estimates and projections and that the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries do not warrant that such opinions, estimates and projections will ultimately prove to have been accurate. 
 (b) As of the Effective Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 Section 7.12 Insurance. The Borrower has, and has caused all of the Restricted Subsidiaries to have, (a) all insurance policies sufficient for the compliance by each of them with all material Governmental Requirements and all material agreements and (b) insurance coverage in at least amounts and against such risk (including, without limitation, public liability) that are usually insured against by companies similarly situated and engaged in the same or a similar business for the assets and operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. The 
 67 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Administrative Agent and the Lenders have been named as additional insureds in respect of such liability insurance policies and the Administrative Agent has been named as loss payee with respect to Property loss insurance. 
 Section 7.13 Restriction on Liens . Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is a party to any material agreement or arrangement (other than as permitted by Section 9.16), or subject to any order, judgment, writ or decree, which either restricts or purports to restrict its ability to grant Liens to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or in respect of their Properties to secure the Indebtedness and the Loan Documents. 
 Section 7.14 Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.14 or as disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly furnish a copy to the Lenders), which shall be a supplement to Schedule 7.14, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries. Schedule 7.14 (as updated with any written disclosures provided in writing to the Administrative Agent) identifies each Subsidiary as either Restricted or Unrestricted, and each Restricted Subsidiary on such schedule is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. 
 Section 7.15 Location of Business and Offices. The Borrower s jurisdiction of organization is Delaware the name of the Borrower as listed in the public records of its jurisdiction of organization is Viper Energy Partners LLC and the organizational identification number of the Borrower in its jurisdiction of organization is 5401217. The Borrower s principal place of business and chief executive offices are located at the address specified in Section 12.01 (or as set forth in a notice delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(k) and Section 12.01(c)). Each Subsidiary s jurisdiction of organization, name as listed in the public records of its jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number in its jurisdiction of organization, and the location of its principal place of business and chief executive office is stated on Schedule 7.14 (or as set forth in a notice delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(k)). 
 Section 7.16 Properties, Titles, Etc. 
 (a) The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have good and defensible title to the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the most recently delivered Reserve Report and good title to all its personal Properties, in each case, free and clear of all Liens except Liens permitted by Section 9.03. After giving full effect to the Excepted Liens, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiary specified as the owner owns the net interests in production attributable to the Hydrocarbon Interests as reflected in the most recently delivered Reserve Report, and the ownership of such Properties shall not in any material respect obligate the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to bear the costs and expenses relating to the maintenance, development and operations of each such Property in an amount in excess of the working interest of each Property set forth in the most recently delivered Reserve Report that is not offset by a corresponding proportionate increase in the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s net revenue interest in such Property. 
 (b) All material leases and agreements necessary for the conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting, in full force and effect, and there exists no default or event or circumstance which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would give rise to a default under any such lease or leases, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) The rights and Properties presently owned, leased or licensed by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries including, without limitation, all easements and rights of way, include all rights and Properties necessary to permit the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to conduct their business in all material respects in the same manner as its business has been conducted prior to the date hereof. 
 68 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(d) All of the Properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries which are reasonably necessary for the operation of their businesses are in good working condition and are maintained in accordance with prudent business standards. 
 (e) The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual Property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries either own or have valid licenses or other rights to use all databases, geological data, geophysical data, engineering data, seismic data, maps, interpretations and other technical information used in their businesses as presently conducted, subject to the limitations contained in the agreements governing the use of the same, which limitations are customary for companies engaged in the business of the exploration and production of Hydrocarbons, with such exceptions as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 7.17 Maintenance of Property. Except for such acts or failures to act as could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Oil and Gas Properties (and Properties unitized therewith) of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have been maintained, operated and developed in a good and workmanlike manner and in conformity with all Governmental Requirements and in conformity with the provisions of all leases, subleases or other contracts comprising a part of the Hydrocarbon Interests and other contracts and agreements forming a part of the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. Specifically in connection with the foregoing, except for those as could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) no Oil and Gas Property of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to having allowable production reduced below the full and regular allowable (including the maximum permissible tolerance) because of any overproduction (whether or not the same was permissible at the time) and (b) none of the wells comprising a part of the Oil and Gas Properties (or Properties unitized therewith) of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries are deviated from the vertical more than the maximum permitted by Governmental Requirements, and such wells are, in fact, bottomed under and are producing from, and the well bores are wholly within, the Oil and Gas Properties (or in the case of wells located on Properties unitized therewith, such unitized Properties) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary. All pipelines, wells, gas processing plants, platforms and other material improvements, fixtures and equipment owned in whole or in part by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that are necessary to conduct normal operations are being maintained in a state adequate to conduct normal operations, and with respect to such of the foregoing which are operated by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in a manner consistent with the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries past practices (other than those the failure of which to maintain in accordance with this Section 7.17 could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect). 
 Section 7.18 Gas Imbalances, Prepayments. Except as set forth on the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.12(c), on a net basis there are no gas imbalances, take or pay or other prepayments which would require the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to deliver Hydrocarbons produced from the Oil and Gas Properties at some future time without then or thereafter receiving full payment therefor exceeding 500,000 Mcf of gas (on an mcf equivalent basis) in the aggregate. 
 Section 7.19 Marketing of Production. Except for contracts either listed on Schedule 7.19, disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent or included in the most recently delivered Reserve Report (with respect to all of which contracts the Borrower represents that it or the Restricted Subsidiaries are receiving a price for all production sold thereunder which is 
 69 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

computed substantially in accordance with the terms of the relevant contract and are not having deliveries curtailed substantially below the subject Property s delivery capacity), no material agreements exist which are not cancelable on 60 days notice or less without penalty or detriment for the sale of production from the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Hydrocarbons (including, without limitation, calls on or other rights to purchase, production, whether or not the same are currently being exercised) that (a) pertain to the sale of production at a fixed price and (b) have a maturity or expiry date of longer than six (6) months from the date hereof. 
 Section 7.20 Swap Agreements. After the date hereof, each report required to be delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.01(d) sets forth a true and complete list of all Swap Agreements of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary not listed on Schedule 7.20, the material terms thereof (including the type, term, effective date, termination date and notional amounts or volumes), the net mark to market value thereof, all credit support agreements relating thereto (including any margin required or supplied) and the counterparty to each such agreement. 
 Section 7.21 Use of Loans and Letters of Credit. The proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit shall be used (a) to provide working capital for lease acquisitions, exploration, production operations and development (including the drilling and completion of producing wells), (b) to purchase Equity Interests, including margin stock issued by Persons that are primarily engaged in the Oil and Gas Business and (c) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Guarantors. The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries are not engaged principally, or as one of its or their important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Board). No part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will be used for any purpose which violates (a) the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board, (b) U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC or the US Department of State or (c) the FCPA. 
 Section 7.22 Solvency. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, (a) the aggregate assets (after giving effect to amounts that could reasonably be received by reason of indemnity, offset, insurance or any similar arrangement), at a fair valuation, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will exceed the aggregate Debt of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as the Debt becomes absolute and matures, (b) the Borrower will not have incurred or intended to incur, and will not believe that it will incur, Debt beyond its ability to pay such Debt (after taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be received by it and the amounts to be payable on or in respect of its liabilities, and giving effect to amounts that could reasonably be received by reason of indemnity, offset, insurance or any similar arrangement) as such Debt becomes absolute and matures and (c) the Borrower will not have (and will have no reason to believe that it will have thereafter) unreasonably small capital for the conduct of its business. 
 Section 7.23 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Borrower without independent investigation, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a material violation by such Persons of the FCPA, including without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA and, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and to the knowledge of the Borrower without independent investigation, its and their Affiliates have conducted their business in material compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain 
 70 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 
 Section 7.24 OFAC. Neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Borrower without independent investigation, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is currently subject to any material U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC or the US Department of State, and the Borrower will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds from the Loans or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC or the US Department of State. 
 
 Section 7.25 Affected Financial Institutions. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 ARTICLE VIII Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder and all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower covenant and agree with the Lenders that 
 Section 8.01 Financial Statements Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) Annual Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event in accordance with then applicable law and not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year (if financial statements of the Parent Guarantor exist for such previous fiscal year), all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (it being understood that the filing with the SEC by the Parent Guarantor of such annual financial statements of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries, and notice to the Administrative Agent of such filing, shall satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(a) to the extent such annual financial statements include the information specified herein). 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event in accordance with then applicable law and not later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year (if financial statements of the Parent Guarantor exist for such previous fiscal year), all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes (it being understood that the filing with the SEC by 
 71 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

the Parent Guarantor of such quarterly financial statements of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, and notice to the Administrative Agent of such filing, shall satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(b) to the extent such quarterly financial statements include the information specified herein). 
 (c) Certificate of Financial Officer -- Compliance . Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(b), a certificate of a Financial Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 9.01, (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 7.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate and (iv) setting forth the value (as such term is defined in Section 12.18(c)) of all margin stock held by the Loan Parties and the percentage of the value of all assets of the Loan Parties directly or indirectly securing the Loans and other extensions of credit provided for under this Agreement that such margin stock represents. 
 (d) Certificate of Financial Officer Swap Agreements . Concurrently with the delivery of each Reserve Report hereunder, a certificate of a Financial Officer, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, setting forth as of a recent date, a true and complete list of all Swap Agreements of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary, the material terms thereof (including the type, term, effective date, termination date and notional amounts or volumes), the net mark-to-market value therefor, any new credit support agreements relating thereto not listed on Schedule 7.20, any margin required or supplied under any credit support document, and the counterparty to each such agreement. 
 (e) Certificate of Insurer -- Insurance Coverage . Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 8.01(a), a certificate of insurance coverage from each insurer with respect to the insurance required by Section 8.07, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all copies of the applicable policies. 
 (f) Other Accounting Reports . Promptly upon receipt thereof, a copy of each other report or letter submitted to the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries by independent accountants in connection with any annual, interim or special audit made by them of the books of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary, and a copy of any response by the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary to such letter or report. 
 (g) SEC and Other Filings Reports to Shareholders . Promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Parent Guarantor with the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Parent Guarantor to its shareholders generally, as the case may be (it being understood that the delivery by the Parent Guarantor of such reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, and notice to the Administrative Agent of such delivery, shall satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(g) to the extent such reports, proxy statements and other materials include the information specified herein). 
 72 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(h) Notices Under Material Instruments . Promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any financial statement, report or notice furnished to or by any Person pursuant to the terms of any preferred stock designation, indenture, loan or credit or other similar agreement, other than this Agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to any other provision of this Section 8.01. 
 (i) Notice of Sales of Oil and Gas Properties . In the event the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary intends to sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any Oil and Gas Properties or any Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 9.12(d), prior written notice of such disposition, the price thereof and the anticipated date of closing and any other details thereof reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 (j) Notice of Casualty Events . Prompt written notice, and in any event within three Business Days, of the occurrence of any Casualty Event or the commencement of any action or proceeding that could reasonably be expected to result in a Casualty Event. 
 (k) Information Regarding the Borrower and Guarantors . Prompt written notice (and in any event within thirty (30) days thereafter) of any change (i) in the Borrower s or any Guarantor s corporate name or in any trade name used to identify such Person in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its Properties, (ii) in the location of the Borrower s or any Guarantor s chief executive office or principal place of business, (iii) in the Borrower s or any Guarantor s identity or corporate structure or in the jurisdiction in which such Person is incorporated or formed, (iv) in the Borrower s or any Guarantor s jurisdiction of organization or such Person s organizational identification number in such jurisdiction of organization, and (v) in the Borrower s or any Guarantor s federal taxpayer identification number. 
 (l) Production Report and Lease Operating Statements . Concurrently with the delivery of each Reserve Report under Section 8.12(a), a report setting forth, for each calendar month during the six-month period ending on the immediately preceding December 31st or June 30th, as applicable, the volume of production and sales attributable to production (and the prices at which such sales were made and the revenues derived from such sales) for each such calendar month from the Oil and Gas Properties, and setting forth the related ad valorem, severance and production taxes and lease operating expenses attributable thereto and incurred for each such calendar month. 
 (m) Notice of Certain Changes . Promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days after the execution thereof, copies of any amendment, modification or supplement to the certificate of formation, limited partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or any other organic document of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 (n) Certificate of Financial Officer Consolidating Information . If, at any time, all of the Consolidated Subsidiaries of the Borrower are not Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries, then concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(b), a certificate of a Financial Officer setting forth consolidating spreadsheets that show all Consolidated Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the eliminating entries, in such form as would be presentable to the auditors of the Borrower. 
 (o) Other Requested Information . Promptly following any request therefor, (i) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including any Plan and any reports or other information required to be filed with respect thereto under the Code or under ERISA), or compliance with the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request or (ii) information and documentation reasonably requested by 
 73 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the Patriot Act or other applicable anti-money laundering laws. 
 Section 8.02 Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following 
 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) the filing or commencement of, or the threat in writing of, any action, suit, proceeding, investigation or arbitration by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary Affiliate thereof, not previously disclosed in writing to the Lenders or any material adverse development in any action, suit, proceeding, investigation or arbitration (whether or not previously disclosed to the Lenders) that, in either case, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (d) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section 8.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 Section 8.03 Existence Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business and maintain, if necessary, its qualification to do business in each other jurisdiction in which its Oil and Gas Properties is located or the ownership of its Properties requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 9.11. 
 Section 8.04 Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities of the Borrower and all of the Restricted Subsidiaries before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiaries has set aside on their books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or result in the seizure or levy of any Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Section 8.05 Performance of Obligations Under Loan Documents. The Borrower will pay the Notes according to the reading, tenor and effect thereof, and the Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, do and perform every act and discharge all of the obligations to be performed and discharged by them under the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, this Agreement, at the time or times and in the manner specified. 
 74 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 8.06 Operation and Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower, at its own expense, will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to 
 (a) operate their Oil and Gas Properties and other material Properties or cause such Oil and Gas Properties and other material Properties to be operated in a careful and efficient manner in accordance with the practices of the industry and in compliance with all applicable contracts and agreements and in compliance with all Governmental Requirements, including, without limitation, applicable pro ration requirements and Environmental Laws, and all applicable laws, rules and regulations of every other Governmental Authority from time to time constituted to regulate the development and operation of its Oil and Gas Properties and the production and sale of Hydrocarbons and other minerals therefrom, except, in each case, where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) keep and maintain all Property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, preserve, maintain and keep in good repair, working order and efficiency (ordinary wear and tear excepted) all of its material Oil and Gas Properties and other material Properties, including, without limitation, all equipment, machinery and facilities. 
 (c) promptly pay and discharge, or make reasonable and customary efforts to cause to be paid and discharged, all delay rentals, royalties, expenses and indebtedness accruing under the leases or other agreements affecting or pertaining to its Oil and Gas Properties and will do all other things necessary to keep unimpaired their rights with respect thereto and prevent any forfeiture thereof or default thereunder. 
 (d) promptly perform or make reasonable and customary efforts to cause to be performed, in accordance with industry standards, the obligations required by each and all of the assignments, deeds, leases, sub-leases, contracts and agreements affecting its interests in its Oil and Gas Properties and other material Properties. 
 (e) to the extent the Borrower is not the operator of any Property, the Borrower shall use reasonable efforts to cause the operator to comply with this Section 8.06. 
 Section 8.07 Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. The loss payable clauses or provisions in said insurance policy or policies insuring any of the collateral for the Loans shall be endorsed in favor of and made payable to the Administrative Agent as its interests may appear and such policies shall name the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as additional insureds and provide that the insurer will endeavor to give at least 30 days prior notice of any cancellation to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 8.08 Books and Records. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its Properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested. 
 75 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 8.09 Compliance With Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to them or their Property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 8.10 Environmental Matters. 
 (a) The Borrower shall, at its sole expense (i) comply, and shall cause its Properties and operations and each Restricted Subsidiary and each Restricted Subsidiary s Properties and operations to comply, with all applicable Environmental Laws, the breach of which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (ii) not Release or threaten to Release, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary not to Release or threaten to Release, any Hazardous Material on, under, about or from any of the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Properties or any other property offsite the Property to the extent caused by the Borrower s or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries operations except in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, the Release or threatened Release of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (iii) timely obtain or file, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to timely obtain or file, all Environmental Permits, if any, required under applicable Environmental Laws to be obtained or filed in connection with the operation or use of the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Properties, which failure to obtain or file could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (iv) promptly commence and diligently prosecute to completion, and shall cause each Subsidiary to promptly commence and diligently prosecute to completion, any assessment, evaluation, investigation, monitoring, containment, cleanup, removal, repair, restoration, remediation or other remedial obligations (collectively, the Remedial Work in the event any Remedial Work is required or reasonably necessary under applicable Environmental Laws because of or in connection with the actual or suspected past, present or future Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material on, under, about or from any of the Borrower s or the Restricted Subsidiaries Properties, which failure to commence and diligently prosecute to completion could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (v) conduct, and cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to conduct, their respective operations and businesses in a manner that will not expose any Property or Person to Hazardous Materials that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for a claim for damages or compensation and (vi) establish and implement, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to establish and implement, such procedures as may be necessary to continuously determine and assure that the Borrower s and the Restricted Subsidiaries obligations under this Section 8.10(a) are timely and fully satisfied, which failure to establish and implement could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) The Borrower will promptly, but in no event later than five days of the occurrence of a triggering event, notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in writing of any threatened action, investigation or inquiry by any Governmental Authority or any threatened demand or lawsuit by any Person against the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries or their Properties of which the Borrower has knowledge in connection with any Environmental Laws if the Borrower reasonably anticipate that such action will result in liability (whether individually or in the aggregate) in excess of 500,000 not fully covered by insurance, subject to normal deductibles. 
 (c) The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, provide environmental assessments, audits and tests in accordance with the most current version of the American Society of Testing Materials standards (i) upon request by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders no more than once per year (or as otherwise required to be obtained by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by any Governmental Authority), (ii) at any time during 
 76 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

an Event of Default and (iii) in connection with any future acquisitions of Oil and Gas Properties or other Properties. 
 Section 8.11 Further Assurances. 
 (a) The Borrower at its sole expense will, and will cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent all such other documents, agreements and instruments reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to comply with, cure any defects or accomplish the conditions precedent, covenants and agreements of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in the Loan Documents, including the Notes, or to further evidence and more fully describe the collateral intended as security for the Indebtedness, or to correct any omissions in this Agreement or the Security Instruments, or to state more fully the obligations secured therein, or to perfect, protect or preserve any Liens created pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Security Instruments or the priority thereof, or to make any recordings, file any notices or obtain any consents, all as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, in connection therewith. 
 (b) The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto, relative to all or any part of the Mortgaged Property without the signature of the Borrower or any Guarantor where permitted by law. A carbon, photographic or other reproduction of the Security Instruments or any financing statement covering the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law. 
 Section 8.12 Reserve Reports. 
 (a) On or before March 1st and September 1st of each year, commencing September 1, 2018, the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a Reserve Report evaluating the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the immediately preceding January 1st and July 1st. The Reserve Report as of January 1 of each year shall be prepared or audited by one or more Approved Petroleum Engineers with respect to at least 80 of the total value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in such Reserve Report and the July 1 Reserve Report of each year shall be prepared by or under the supervision of the chief engineer of the Borrower who shall certify such Reserve Report to be true and accurate and to have been prepared in accordance with the procedures used in the immediately preceding January 1 Reserve Report. 
 (b) In the event of an Interim Redetermination, the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a Reserve Report prepared by or under the supervision of the chief engineer of the Borrower who shall certify such Reserve Report to be true and accurate and to have been prepared in accordance with the procedures used in the immediately preceding January 1 Reserve Report. For any Interim Redetermination requested by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.07(b), the Borrower shall provide such Reserve Report with an as of date as required by the Administrative Agent as soon as possible, but in any event no later than thirty (30) days following the receipt of such request. 
 (c) With the delivery of each Reserve Report, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a certificate from a Responsible Officer certifying that in all material respects (i) the information contained in the Reserve Report and any other information delivered in connection therewith is true and correct, (ii) the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries own good and defensible title to the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in such Reserve Report and such Properties are free of all Liens except for Liens permitted by Section 9.03, (iii) except as set forth on an exhibit to the certificate, on a net basis there are no gas imbalances, take or pay or other prepayments in excess of the volume specified in 
 77 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 7.18 with respect to its Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in such Reserve Report which would require the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to deliver Hydrocarbons either generally or produced from such Oil and Gas Properties at some future time without then or thereafter receiving full payment therefor, (iv) none of their Oil and Gas Properties have been sold since the date of the last Borrowing Base determination except as set forth on an exhibit to the certificate, which certificate shall list all of its Oil and Gas Properties sold and in such detail as reasonably required by the Administrative Agent, (v) attached to the certificate is a list of all marketing agreements entered into subsequent to the later of the date hereof or the most recently delivered Reserve Report which the Borrower could reasonably be expected to have been obligated to list on Schedule 7.19 had such agreement been in effect on the date hereof and (vi) attached thereto is a schedule of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated by such Reserve Report that are Mortgaged Properties and demonstrating the percentage of the total value of the Oil and Gas Properties that the value of such Mortgaged Properties represent in compliance with Section 8.14(a). 
 Section 8.13 Title Information. 
 (a) On or before the delivery to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of each Reserve Report required by Section 8.12, the Borrower will deliver title information in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent covering enough of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated by such Reserve Report that were not included in the immediately preceding Reserve Report, so that the Administrative Agent shall have received together with title information previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, satisfactory title information on at least 80 of the total value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated by such Reserve Report. 
 (b) If the Borrower has provided title information for additional Properties under Section 8.13(a), the Borrower shall, within 60 days of notice from the Administrative Agent that title defects or exceptions exist with respect to such additional Properties, either (i) cure any such title defects or exceptions (including defects or exceptions as to priority) which are not permitted by Section 9.03 raised by such information, (ii) substitute acceptable Mortgaged Properties with no title defects or exceptions except for Excepted Liens (other than Excepted Liens described in clauses (e), (g) and (h) of such definition) having an equivalent value or (iii) deliver title information in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent so that the Administrative Agent shall have received, together with title information previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, satisfactory title information on at least 80 of the value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated by such Reserve Report. 
 (c) If the Borrower is unable to cure any title defect requested by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to be cured within the 60-day period or the Borrower does not comply with the requirements to provide acceptable title information covering 80 of the value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the most recent Reserve Report, such default shall not be a Default, but instead the Administrative Agent and or the Majority Lenders shall have the right to exercise the following remedy in their sole discretion from time to time, and any failure to so exercise this remedy at any time shall not be a waiver as to future exercise of the remedy by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. To the extent that the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders are not satisfied with title to any Mortgaged Property after the 60-day period has elapsed, such unacceptable Mortgaged Property shall not count towards the 80 requirement, and the Administrative Agent may send a notice to the Borrower and the Lenders that the then outstanding Borrowing Base shall be reduced by an amount as determined by the Majority Lenders to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with the requirement to provide acceptable title information on 80 of the value of the Oil and Gas Properties. This new Borrowing Base shall become effective immediately after receipt of such notice. 
 78 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 8.14 Additional Collateral Additional Guarantors. 
 (a) In connection with each redetermination of the Borrowing Base, the Borrower shall review the Reserve Report and the list of current Mortgaged Properties (as described in Section 8.12(c)(vi)) to ascertain whether the Mortgaged Properties represent at least 85 of the total value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the most recently completed Reserve Report after giving effect to exploration and production activities, acquisitions, dispositions and production. In the event that the Mortgaged Properties do not represent at least 85 of such total value, then the Borrower shall, and shall cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, grant, within thirty (30) days of delivery of the certificate required under Section 8.12(c), to the Administrative Agent as security for the Indebtedness a first-priority Lien interest (provided that Excepted Liens of the type described in clauses (a) to (d) and (f) of the definition thereof may exist, but subject to the provisos at the end of such definition) on additional Oil and Gas Properties not already subject to a Lien of the Security Instruments such that after giving effect thereto, the Mortgaged Properties will represent at least 85 of such total value. All such Liens will be created and perfected by and in accordance with the provisions of deeds of trust, security agreements and financing statements or other Security Instruments, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and in sufficient executed (and acknowledged where necessary or appropriate) counterparts for recording purposes. In order to comply with the foregoing, if any Restricted Subsidiary places a Lien on its Oil and Gas Properties and such Restricted Subsidiary is not a Guarantor, then it shall become a Guarantor and comply with Section 8.14(b). 
 (b) The Borrower shall (i) cause each Restricted Subsidiary that is not a party to the Guaranty Agreement to, promptly, but in any event no later than 15 days after the formation or acquisition (or other similar event) of such Restricted Subsidiary, execute and deliver a supplement to the Guaranty Agreement whereby such Restricted Subsidiary will guarantee the Indebtedness, (ii) pledge, or cause the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiaries to pledge, all of the Equity Interests of such new Restricted Subsidiary (including, without limitation, delivery of any stock certificates evidencing the Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary, together with an appropriate undated stock power for each certificate duly executed in blank by the registered owner thereof, if applicable) and (iii) execute and deliver, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to execute and deliver, such other additional closing documents, certificates and legal opinions as shall reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 8.15 ERISA Compliance. The Borrower will promptly furnish and will cause the Restricted Subsidiaries and any ERISA Affiliate to promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent (a) promptly after the filing thereof with the United States Secretary of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service, copies of each annual and other report with respect to each Plan or any trust created thereunder, (b) immediately upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any prohibited transaction, as described in section 406 of ERISA or in section 4975 of the Code, in connection with any Plan or any trust created thereunder, a written notice signed by the President or the principal Financial Officer, the Restricted Subsidiary or the ERISA Affiliate, as the case may be, specifying the nature thereof, what action the Borrower, the Restricted Subsidiary or the ERISA Affiliate is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, and, when known, any action taken or proposed by the Internal Revenue Service or the Department of Labor with respect thereto. 
 Section 8.16 Marketing Activities. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in marketing activities for any Hydrocarbons or enter into any contracts related thereto other than (a) contracts for the sale of Hydrocarbons scheduled or reasonably estimated to be produced from their proved Oil and Gas Properties during the period of such contract, (b) contracts for the sale of Hydrocarbons scheduled or reasonably estimated to 
 79 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

be produced from proved Oil and Gas Properties of third parties during the period of such contract associated with the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries that the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries have the right to market pursuant to joint operating agreements, unitization agreements or other similar contracts that are usual and customary in the oil and gas business and (c) other contracts for the purchase and or sale of Hydrocarbons of third parties (i) which have generally offsetting provisions (i.e., corresponding pricing mechanics, delivery dates and points and volumes) such that no position is taken and (ii) for which appropriate credit support has been taken to alleviate the material credit risks of the counterparty thereto. 
 Section 8.17 Swap Agreements. To the extent the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary changes the material terms of any Swap Agreement, terminates any such Swap Agreement or enters into a new Swap Agreement which has the effect of creating an off-setting position, the Borrower will give the Lenders prompt written notice of such event and concurrently with such notice the Majority Lenders shall have the right to adjust the Borrowing Base in accordance with Section 2.07(e). 
 Section 8.18 Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Borrower will 
 (a) cause the management, business and affairs of its Subsidiaries to be conducted in such a manner (including, without limitation, by keeping separate books of account, furnishing separate financial statements of Unrestricted Subsidiaries to creditors and potential creditors thereof and by not permitting Properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to be commingled) so that each Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a corporation or limited liability company will be treated as an entity separate and distinct from the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 (b) not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, incur, assume, guarantee or be or become liable for any Debt of any of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries, other than non-recourse pledges of Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries granted to secure Debt of Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 (c) not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to hold any Equity Interest in, or any Debt of, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 ARTICLE IX Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder and all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower, covenant and agree with the Lenders that 
 Section 9.01 Financial Covenants . 
 (a) Ratio of Total Debt to EBITDAX . The Parent Guarantor will not, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, permit its ratio of (i) Total Debt as of such date, net of (A) all unrestricted cash of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries if no amounts were drawn under this Agreement as of such date or (B) all unrestricted cash of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries but not more than 50.0 million if any amounts were drawn under this Agreement as of such date, to (ii) EBITDAX for the four fiscal quarters ending on such date, to be greater than 4.0 to 1.0. 
 80 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(b) Current Ratio . The Parent Guarantor will not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter beginning on the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2018, the ratio for the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries of (i) consolidated current assets (including the unused amount of the total Commitments, but excluding non-cash assets under the equivalent of ASC 815 under GAAP) to (ii) consolidated current liabilities (excluding non-cash obligations under the equivalent of ASC 815 under GAAP and current maturities under this Agreement) to be less than 1.0 to 1.0. 
 (c) Ratio of Secured Debt to EBITDAX . The Parent Guarantor will not, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, permit its ratio of (i) Secured Debt as of such date to (ii) EBITDAX for the four fiscal quarters ending on such date, to be greater than 2.5 to 1.0. 
 Section 9.02 Debt. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, incur, create, assume or suffer to exist any Debt, except 
 (a) the Notes or other Indebtedness arising under the Loan Documents or any guaranty of or suretyship arrangement for the Notes or other Indebtedness arising under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Debt of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries existing on the date hereof that is reflected in the Financial Statements, and any Permitted Refinancing Debt in respect thereof. 
 (c) Debt under Capital Leases and purchase money financings in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 (d) Debt associated with bonds or surety obligations required by Governmental Requirements in connection with the operation of the Oil and Gas Properties. 
 (e) endorsements of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business. 
 (f) intercompany Debt between the Borrower and a Guarantor or between Guarantors or between the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and the Unrestricted Subsidiaries to the extent permitted by Section 9.05(m) provided that such Debt is not held, assigned, transferred, negotiated or pledged to any Person other than the Borrower or a Guarantor, and, provided further, that any such Debt owed by the Borrower or a Guarantor shall be subordinated to the Indebtedness on terms set forth in the Guaranty Agreement. 
 (g) Debt under (i) any Senior Unsecured Notes and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Debt in respect of Debt under this clause (g). 
 (h) Debt consisting of the financing of insurance premiums incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
 (i) other Debt not to exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding. 
 81 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 9.03 Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any of their Properties (now owned or hereafter acquired), except 
 (a) (i) Liens securing the payment of any Indebtedness and (ii) Liens on cash or deposits granted in favor of the Issuing Bank to Cash Collateralize any Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Excepted Liens. 
 (c) Liens securing Debt permitted by Section 9.02(c) but only on the Property under lease or acquired with the proceeds of such Debt, and all improvements, repairs, additions, attachments and accessions thereto, parts, replacements and substitutions therefor, and products and proceeds thereof. 
 (d) other Liens securing obligations that in the aggregate do not exceed 10,000,000 at any time. 
 (e) Liens arising under an indenture in favor of the trustee thereunder for its own benefit and not for the benefit of the holders of Debt under such indenture. 
 (f) Liens on cash, cash equivalents and other property arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Debt. 
 (g) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto. 
 (h) Liens on Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 Section 9.04 Dividends, Distributions and Restricted Payments. 
 (a) Restricted Payments . The Parent Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, declare or make directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, return any capital to its holders of Equity Interests or make any distribution of its Property to its Equity Interest holders without the prior approval of the Majority Lenders, except that 
 (i) the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower may pay dividends and distributions to their Equity Holders provided, that (A) such dividend or distribution is paid within 65 days after the date of declaration thereof and (B) as of the date of such declaration, if such dividend or distribution had been paid as of such date of declaration, both prior to and immediately after giving pro forma effect to such payment (including any Borrowings made in connection with any such dividends and or distributions), (1) the Borrower would have undrawn availability under the then effective Commitments equal to or greater than 10 of the then effective Commitments and (2) no Default or Event of Default would have existed 
 (ii) the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may each declare and pay dividends or distributions with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in additional Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) 
 (iii) (A) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, and (B) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the Parent Guarantor 
 82 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(iv) the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management, employees, directors and consultants of the Parent Guarantor, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
 (v) the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower may declare and pay dividends or distributions consisting of Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and 
 (vi) on and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Parent Guarantor may make Restricted Payments other than dividends and distributions provided that both prior to and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including any Borrowings made in connection with any such Restricted Payments), (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (B) reserved , (C) the ratio of Total Debt to EBITDAX does not exceed 3.00 to 1.00, (D) reserved , and (E) the Borrower would have undrawn availability under the then effective Commitments equal to or greater than 20 of the then effective Commitments. For all purposes under this clause (vi), the ratio of Total Debt to EBITDAX shall be calculated based on (1) Total Debt as of any date of calculation and (2) EBITDAX for the Borrower s most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(a) or (b), as applicable, after giving pro forma effect to such Restricted Payments and any Borrowings made in connection with such Restricted Payments, and otherwise in accordance with Section 9.01(a). 
 (b) Redemption of Senior Unsecured Notes Amendment of Indenture . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date 
 (i) make any optional or voluntary Redemption of or otherwise optionally or voluntarily Redeem whether in whole or in part any Senior Unsecured Notes in cash, in each case other than 
 (A) Redemptions made from the proceeds of Permitted Refinancing Debt 
 (B) Redemptions made from the proceeds of the sale or issuance of Equity Interests by the Borrower if 
 (1) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would exist after giving effect to such Redemption and 
 (2) immediately after giving effect to such Redemption, the Borrower would have liquidity (which for the purpose of this Section 9.04(b) shall be defined as undrawn availability under the then effective Commitments, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents) equal to or greater than the greater of (I) 20 of the then effective Commitments and (II) 100,000,000 
 (C) Redemptions made in respect of a mandatory offer to Redeem Senior Unsecured Notes arising out of a sale of Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary if such sale of Property is made in compliance with Section 9.12(d) and 
 (D) voluntary Redemptions if immediately after giving effect to such Redemption 
 (1) the Borrower would have liquidity equal to or greater than the greater of (I) 20 of the then effective Commitments and(II) 100,000,000, 
 83 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(2) such Redemptions under this clause (D) do not exceed 100,000,000 in the aggregate after the Redemption Calculation Date, and 
 (3) if the Borrower is using proceeds from the Loans for such Redemption, the ratio of the Borrower s Total Debt to EBITDAX (calculated in accordance with Section 9.01(a)) is equal to or less than 2.5 to 1.0. 
 (ii) amend, modify, waive or otherwise change any of the terms of any Senior Unsecured Notes or any indenture, agreement, instrument, certificate or other document relating to any Senior Unsecured Notes incurred under Section 9.02(g) if after such amendment, waiver or change such Senior Unsecured Notes would no longer qualify as Senior Unsecured Notes. 
 Section 9.05 Investments, Loans and Advances. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, make or permit to remain outstanding any Investments in or to any Person, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to 
 (a) accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 (b) direct obligations of the United States or any agency thereof, or obligations guaranteed by the United States or any agency thereof, in each case maturing within one year from the date of creation thereof. 
 (c) commercial paper maturing within one year from the date of creation thereof rated in the highest grade by S&P or Moody s. 
 (d) deposits maturing within one year from the date of creation thereof with, including certificates of deposit issued by, any Lender or any office located in the United States of any other bank or trust company which is organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, has capital, surplus and undivided profits aggregating at least 100,000,000 (as of the date of such bank or trust company s most recent financial reports) and has a short term deposit rating of no lower than A2 or P2, as such rating is set forth from time to time, by S&P or Moody s, respectively. 
 (e) deposits in money market funds investing exclusively in Investments described in Section 9.05(b), Section 9.05(c) or Section 9.05(d). 
 (f) Investments made by a Guarantor or the Borrower in or to a Guarantor or the Borrower. 
 (g) Subject to the limits in Section 9.06, Investments (including, without limitation, capital contributions) in general or limited partnerships or other types of entities (each a venture entered into by the Borrower or one of the Restricted Subsidiaries with others in the ordinary course of business provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of, or would exist after making any such Investment, (ii) such venture is engaged exclusively in oil and gas exploration, development, production, processing and related activities, including transportation, (iii) the interest in such venture is acquired in the ordinary course of business and on fair and reasonable terms and (iv) such venture interests acquired and capital contributions made (valued as of the date such interest was acquired or the contribution made) do not exceed, in the aggregate at any time outstanding an amount equal to 10,000,000. 
 84 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(h) loans or advances to employees, officers, or directors in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower as permitted by applicable law, including Section 402 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, but in any event not to exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate at any time. 
 (i) Investments in stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of debts arising from Investments permitted under this Section 9.05 owing to the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding of the obligor in respect of such debts or upon the enforcement of any Lien in favor of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prompt written notice in the event that the aggregate amount of all Investments held at any one time under this Section 9.05(i) exceeds 1,000,000 (measured by consideration paid at the time such Investment is received). 
 (j) Investments in the form of deposits or advances that are subject to Excepted Liens. 
 (k) provided that no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of, or would exist after making such Investment, Permitted Acquisitions. 
 (l) provided that no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of, or would exist after making such Investment, other Investments not to exceed, in the aggregate at any time outstanding, 25,000,000 (measured by consideration paid at the time such Investment is made). 
 (m) Investments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) consisting of dispositions of Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries that are contributed to the capital of, or that are exchanged for or used to purchase Equity Interests in, other Unrestricted Subsidiaries (and any Equity Interests received upon such contribution, exchange or purchase) and (ii) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the designation of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary), provided that, in the case of this clause (ii) 
 (A) if such Investment consists of Oil and Gas Property or a Subsidiary owning Oil and Gas Properties included in the most recently delivered Reserve Report during any period between two successive Scheduled Redetermination Dates and such Oil and Gas Properties have a fair market value in excess of five percent (5 of the Borrowing Base as then in effect (as determined by the Administrative Agent), individually or in the aggregate, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced, effective immediately upon such Investment, by an amount equal to the value, if any, assigned such Oil and Gas Properties in the most recently delivered Reserve Report 
 (B) if such Investment consists of or includes Properties not described in clause (m)(ii)(A), the aggregate fair market value of all such Investments not described in clause (m)(ii)(A) shall be limited to 15,000,000 and 
 (C) the Utilization Percentage is less than 80 immediately after giving effect to such Investment and all related contemporaneous transactions. 
 Investments under this Section 9.05(m) shall be valued at the time made and without taking into account subsequent changes in the value thereof. 
 (n) Investments in Persons primarily engaged in the Oil and Gas Business provided that (i) the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the aggregate will not invest in the Equity Interests of more than two (2) publicly traded entities or own margin stock (as such term is defined in Regulation U of the Board) in more than two (2) entities at any time and 
 85 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(ii) the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries will not invest in the Equity Interest of any Person if such Investment would be hostile at the time made. 
 
 Section 9.06 Nature of Business No International Operations. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the Oil and Gas Business. Except for expenses in the ordinary course of business as to the properties described on Schedule 9.06, from and after the date hereof, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries will not acquire or make any other expenditure (whether such expenditure is capital, operating or otherwise) in or related to, any Oil and Gas Properties not located within the geographical boundaries of the United States of America or in the offshore federal waters of the United States of America and they will not form or acquire any Restricted Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries. 
 Section 9.07 Limitation on Leases. The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any obligation for the payment of rent or hire of Property of any kind whatsoever (real or personal but excluding Capital Leases and leases of Hydrocarbon Interests), under leases or lease agreements which would cause the aggregate amount of all payments made by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to all such leases or lease agreements, including, without limitation, any residual payments at the end of any lease, to exceed 10,000,000 (net of any sub-leases) in any period of twelve consecutive calendar months during the life of such leases. 
 Section 9.08 Proceeds of Notes. The Borrower will not permit the proceeds of the Notes to be used for any purpose other than those permitted by Section 7.21. Neither the Borrower nor any Person acting on behalf of the Borrower has taken or will take any action which might cause any of the Loan Documents to violate Regulations T, U or X or any other regulation of the Board or to violate Section 7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any rule or regulation thereunder, in each case as now in effect or as the same may hereinafter be in effect. If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form U-1 or such other form referred to in Regulation U, Regulation T or Regulation X of the Board, as the case may be. The Borrower shall comply with Section 12.18. 
 Section 9.09 ERISA Compliance. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, at any time 
 (a) Engage in, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to engage in, any transaction in connection with which the Borrower, a Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate could be subjected to either a civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsections (c), (i), (l) or (m) of section 502 of ERISA or a tax imposed by Chapter 43 of Subtitle D of the Code. 
 (b) Fail to make, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to fail to make, full payment when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of any Plan, agreement relating thereto or applicable law, the Borrower, a Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions thereto. 
 (c) Contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to (i) any employee welfare benefit plan, as defined in section 3(1) of ERISA, including, without limitation, any such plan maintained to provide benefits to former employees of such entities, that may not be terminated by such entities in their sole discretion at any time without any material liability or (ii) any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, section 302 of ERISA or section 412 of the Code. 
 86 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 9.10 Sale or Discount of Receivables. Except for receivables obtained by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary out of the ordinary course of business or the settlement of joint interest billing accounts in the ordinary course of business or discounts granted to settle collection of accounts receivable or the sale of defaulted accounts arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the compromise or collection thereof and not in connection with any financing transaction, the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, discount or sell (with or without recourse) any of its notes receivable or accounts receivable. 
 Section 9.11 Mergers, Etc. Neither the Borrower, nor any Restricted Subsidiary will merge into or with or consolidate with any other Person, or sell, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its Property to any other Person, except that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with, or sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its Property to, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, but (a) in the case of a merger involving a Guarantor, a Guarantor must be the surviving entity, and (b) notwithstanding clause (a), in the case of a merger involving the Borrower, the Borrower must be the surviving entity. 
 Section 9.12 Sale of Properties. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, sell, assign, farm-out, convey or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Property except for 
 (a) the sale or other disposition of Hydrocarbons in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) as long as no Default exists, farmouts and other dispositions of undeveloped acreage and assignments in connection with such farmouts or dispositions (provided that if such farmout or disposition is of Oil and Gas Property included in the most recent Borrowing Base, such farmout or disposition is included in the 5 basket in Section 9.12(d)(ii) below) 
 (c) the sale or other disposition of equipment that is no longer necessary for the business of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or is replaced by equipment of at least comparable value and use 
 (d) the sale or other disposition (including Casualty Events) of any Oil and Gas Property or any interest therein or any Restricted Subsidiary owning Oil and Gas Properties provided that (i) 100 of the consideration received in respect of such sale or other disposition shall be cash, (ii) the consideration received in respect of such sale or other disposition shall be equal to or greater than the fair market value of the Oil and Gas Property, interest therein or Restricted Subsidiary subject of such sale or other disposition (as reasonably determined by the Borrower and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying to that effect), (iii) if such sale or other disposition of Oil and Gas Property or a Restricted Subsidiary owning Oil and Gas Properties (including farmouts of proved reserves under clause (b)) included in the most recently delivered Reserve Report during any period between two successive Scheduled Redetermination Dates has a Borrowing Base value in excess of five percent (5 of the Borrowing Base as then in effect (as determined by the Administrative Agent), individually or in the aggregate, the Borrowing Base shall be reduced, effective immediately upon such sale or other disposition, by an amount equal to the Borrowing Base value assigned such Property (but in no event in excess of the value assigned to such Property in the most recently delivered Reserve Report) and (iv) if any such sale or other disposition is of a Restricted Subsidiary owning Oil and Gas Properties, such sale or other disposition shall include all the Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary 
 87 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(e) sales or other dispositions to the Borrower or a Guarantor 
 (f) sales or other dispositions permitted by Section 9.04(a), Section 9.05(m), Section 9.10, or Section 9.14(b) 
 (g) sales or other dispositions of Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and 
 (h) sales and other dispositions of Properties not regulated by Section 9.12(a) to (g) having a fair market value not to exceed 10,000,000 during any six-month period. 
 Section 9.13 Environmental Matters. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, cause or permit any of its Property to be in violation of, or do anything or permit anything to be done which will subject any such Property to a Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials, exposure to any Hazardous Materials, or to any Remedial Work under any Environmental Laws, assuming disclosure to the applicable Governmental Authority of all relevant facts, conditions and circumstances, if any, pertaining to such Property where such violations or remedial obligations could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 9.14 Transactions With Affiliates. 
 (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of Property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate unless such transactions are otherwise permitted under this Agreement and are upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to it than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate. 
 (b) Notwithstanding clause (a), the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any transaction contemplated by Section 9.03(h), Section 9.04(a), Section 9.05(m), Section 9.12(g) or Section 9.19. 
 (c) Clause (a) above shall not apply to (i) that certain Advisory Services Agreement dated June 23, 2014 by and among the Parent Guarantor, the General Partner and Wexford Capital LP, and amendments, supplements, modifications, renewals, extensions and replacements thereof that are not, taken as a whole, materially less favorable to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries than the agreement as in effect on the date of this Agreement, and, in each case, transactions contemplated therein, and (ii) transactions between or among (A) the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (B) Diamondback Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 Section 9.15 Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create or acquire any additional Subsidiaries, unless the Borrower gives written notice to the Administrative Agent of such creation or acquisition and complies with Section 8.14(b), to the extent required thereby. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary except in compliance with Section 9.12(d), (e), (f), (g) or (h). The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall have no Restricted Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries. 
 Section 9.16 Negative Pledge Agreements Dividend Restrictions. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any contract, agreement or understanding (other than this Agreement, the Security Instruments, the agreements creating Liens permitted by Section 9.03(c), the instruments or 
 88 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

agreements evidencing Senior Unsecured Notes or any Permitted Refinancing Debt in respect thereof, usual and customary restrictions on the pledge or transfer of equity interests in certain joint ventures, usual and customary restrictions in purchase and sale agreements relating to the Property subject thereof, restrictions on the granting of Liens contained in agreements subject to Excepted Liens, restrictions on the granting of Liens on the Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries, restrictions in agreements of the types contemplated by Section 9.14(b), and restrictions on the granting of Liens in licenses, easements and leases entered into in the ordinary course of business) which in any way prohibits or restricts the granting, conveying, creation or imposition of any Lien on any of its Property in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or restricts any Restricted Subsidiary from paying dividends or making distributions to the Borrower or any Guarantor, or which requires the consent of or notice to other Persons in connection therewith. 
 Section 9.17 Gas Imbalances, Take-or-Pay or Other Prepayments. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, allow gas imbalances, take-or-pay or other prepayments with respect to the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries that would require the Borrower or any of Restricted Subsidiaries to deliver Hydrocarbons at some future time without then or thereafter receiving full payment therefor to exceed 500,000 Mcf of gas (on an mcf equivalent basis) in the aggregate. 
 Section 9.18 Swap Agreements. 
 (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any Swap Agreements with any Person other than (i) Swap Agreements in respect of commodities (A) with an Approved Counterparty, (B) the notional volumes for which (when aggregated with other commodity Swap Agreements then in effect other than basis differential swaps on volumes already hedged pursuant to other Swap Agreements) do not exceed, as of the date such Swap Agreement is executed, 90 of the reasonably anticipated projected production from their Oil and Gas Properties which are classified as proved developed producing as of the date such Swap Agreement is entered into for each month during which such Swap Agreement is in place for each of crude oil and natural gas, calculated separately and determined by reference to the most recently delivered Reserve Report and (C) for a tenor of no more than 60 months after such Swap Agreement is entered into, provided that if such Swap Agreements exceed the greater of (1) the daily average of 100 of the actual production from the Borrower s and the Restricted Subsidiaries Oil and Gas Properties for the most recent month, and (2) the daily average of 100 of the actual production from the Borrower s and the Restricted Subsidiaries Oil and Gas Properties for the most recent week, in each case based on reports available to the Borrower at such time, and such condition (either (1) or (2)) lasts for a period of 90 days, the Borrower shall terminate, create off-setting positions, or otherwise unwind existing Swap Agreements within fifteen (15) days after the end of such month in which Swap Agreements exceed 100 of the actual production and (ii) Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates with an Approved Counterparty effectively converting interest rates from floating to fixed, the notional amounts of which (when aggregated with all other Swap Agreements of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries then in effect effectively converting interest rates from floating to fixed) do not exceed 75 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Borrower s Debt for borrowed money which bears interest at a floating rate. In no event shall any Swap Agreement (other than Secured Swap Agreements) contain any requirement, agreement or covenant for the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to post collateral or margin to secure their obligations under such Swap Agreement or to cover market exposures. 
 (b) In addition to the Swap Agreements permitted by Section 9.18(a), a Loan Party may enter into Swap Agreements Acquisition Swaps for production to be produced from properties or interests that a Loan Party proposes to acquire but does not then own (each, a 
 89 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Pro Forma Property if such Acquisition Swaps (i) are with an Approved Counterparty, (ii) are entered into after the purchase and sale agreement with respect to such Pro Forma Property has been fully executed, and (iii) do not exceed the volume and term limitations set forth in Section 9.18(a) determined on a pro forma basis as if the Pro Forma Properties were owned by a Loan Party. The Borrower agrees that, if a Loan Party has outstanding Acquisition Swaps, the Borrower shall, or shall cause other Loan Parties to, terminate, create offsetting positions or otherwise unwind Swap Agreements to the extent necessary to comply with the volume requirements of Section 9.18(a) determined without inclusion of any production from such Pro Forma Property within 15 days after the earlier to occur of (A) 180 days after the date the applicable purchase and sale agreement was entered into if the acquisition of such Pro Forma Property has not been consummated, or (B) the date the Borrower obtains knowledge with reasonable certainty that the acquisition of such Pro Forma Property will not be consummated. 
 (c) No Swap Agreements shall be entered into for speculative purposes. 
 Section 9.19 Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 (a) Unless designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on Schedule 7.14 as of the date hereof or thereafter, in compliance with Section 9.19(b) or (d), any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be classified as a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 (b) The Borrower may designate by written notification thereof to the Administrative Agent, any Restricted Subsidiary, including a newly or to be formed or newly or to be acquired Subsidiary, as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if (i) prior, and immediately after giving effect, to such designation, neither a Default nor a Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist and (ii) such designation is deemed to be an Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount equal to the fair market value as of the date of such designation of the Borrower s and its Restricted Subsidiaries direct ownership interests in such Subsidiary and such Investment would be permitted to be made at the time of such designation under Section 9.05(m). Except as provided in this Section 9.19(b), no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 (c) The Borrower may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary if immediately after giving effect to such designation, (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries contained in each of the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date as if made on and as of the date of such redesignation (or, if stated to have been made expressly as of an earlier date, were true and correct in all material respects as of such date), (ii) no Default exists, (iii) the Borrower complies with the requirements of Section 8.14(b) and Section 8.18 and (iv) the Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries owns all of the Equity Interests in such Subsidiary. Any such designation shall be treated as a cash dividend to the Borrower in an amount equal to the lesser of the fair market value of the Borrower s and its Restricted Subsidiaries direct ownership interests in such Subsidiary or the amount of the Borrower s and its Restricted Subsidiaries aggregate investment previously made for purposes of the limitation on Investments under Section 9.05(m). Upon the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, all Investments previously made in such Unrestricted Subsidiary shall no longer be counted in determining the limitation on Investments under Section 9.05(m). 
 (d) Each Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall automatically be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 (e) Upon designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in compliance with Section 9.19(b), (i) such Subsidiary shall be automatically released from all 
 90 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

obligations, if any, under the Loan Documents, including the Guaranty Agreement and all other applicable Security Instruments and (ii) all Liens granted pursuant to the Guaranty Agreement and all other applicable Security Instruments on the Property of, and the Equity Interests in, such Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be automatically released. 
 Section 9.20 Control Agreements. Neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall open any deposit or securities account (other than payroll, withholding tax, escrow, trust fund and other fiduciary deposit accounts) unless such deposit or securities account is, or within 30 days after being opened becomes, subject to a deposit account control agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent naming the Administrative Agent as the secured party thereunder for the benefit of the Other Secured Persons. Each deposit account control agreement will provide that the depositary bank will comply with instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing dispositions of funds in the deposit account without further consent by the applicable Loan Party. Each securities account control agreement will provide that the securities intermediary will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Administrative Agent without further consent by the applicable Loan Party. The Administrative Agent agrees that it shall not issue any such instructions or entitlement orders or otherwise exercise any control right granted under any such deposit account control agreement or securities account control agreement unless (a) an Event of Default of the type set forth in Section 10.01(a), (b), (f), (g), (h), (i), or (j) has occurred or (b) the Notes and the Loans then outstanding have become due and payable in whole (and not merely in part), whether at the due date thereof, by acceleration or otherwise. 
 ARTICLE X Events of Default Remedies 
 Section 10.01 Events of Default. One or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof, by acceleration or otherwise. 
 (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in Section 10.01(a)) payable under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days. 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification of any Loan Document or waiver under such Loan Document, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made (or, if already qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or a similar qualification, true and correct in all respects). 
 (d) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 8.01(h), Section 8.01(k), Section 8.02, Section 8.03, Section 8.14, Section 8.15 or in Article IX. 
 (e) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in 
 91 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 10.01(a), Section 10.01(b) or Section 10.01(d)) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier to occur of (i) notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) or (ii) a Responsible Officer of the Borrower otherwise becoming aware of such default. 
 (f) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable. 
 (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the Redemption thereof or any offer to Redeem to be made in respect thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity or require the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to make an offer in respect thereof, other than with respect to Senior Unsecured Notes or Permitted Refinancing Debt in respect thereof, if, at the time of the payment or Redemption thereof, a Redemption thereof could have been made pursuant to Section 9.04(b). 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Guarantor or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Guarantor or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 30 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered. 
 (i) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in Section 10.01(h), (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Guarantor or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing or the holders of Equity Interests of the Borrower shall make any request to take any action for the purpose of calling a meeting of the equity holders of the Borrower to consider a resolution to dissolve and wind-up the Borrower s affairs. 
 (j) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due. 
 (k) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third party insurance provided by insurers of the highest claims paying rating or financial strength as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage and is not subject to an insolvency proceeding) or (ii) any one or more non-monetary judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively 
 92 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment. 
 (l) the Loan Documents after delivery thereof shall for any reason, except to the extent permitted by the terms thereof, cease to be in full force and effect and valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms against the Borrower or any Guarantor party thereto or shall be repudiated by any of them, or cease to create a valid and perfected Lien of the priority required thereby on any of the collateral purported to be covered thereby, except to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement, or the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Affiliate shall so state in writing. 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur. 
 (n) if any Non-Voting Units shall be entitled to vote under the Borrower LLC Agreement. 
 Section 10.02 Remedies. 
 (a) In the case of an Event of Default other than one described in Section 10.01(h), Section 10.01(i) or Section 10.01(j), at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Majority Lenders, shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Notes and the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors accrued hereunder and under the Notes and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the payment of cash collateral to secure the LC Exposure as provided in Section 2.08(j)), shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and each Guarantor and in case of an Event of Default described in Section 10.01(h), Section 10.01(i) or Section 10.01(j), the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the Notes and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and the other obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors accrued hereunder and under the Notes and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the payment of cash collateral to secure the LC Exposure as provided in Section 2.08(j)), shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 (b) In the case of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders will have all other rights and remedies available at law and equity. 
 (c) Except as provided in Section 4.03, all proceeds realized from the liquidation or other disposition of collateral or otherwise received after maturity of the Notes, whether by acceleration or otherwise, shall be applied 
 (i) first , to payment or reimbursement of that portion of the Indebtedness constituting fees, expenses and indemnities payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such 
 (ii) second , pro rata to payment or reimbursement of that portion of the Indebtedness constituting fees, expenses and indemnities payable to the Lenders 
 93 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(iii) third , pro rata to payment of accrued interest on the Loans 
 (iv) fourth, pro rata to payment of principal outstanding on the Loans and Indebtedness referred to in clause (b) and (c) of the definition of Indebtedness 
 (v) fifth , pro rata to any other Indebtedness 
 (vi) sixth , to serve as cash collateral to be held by the Administrative Agent to secure the LC Exposure and 
 (vii) seventh , any excess, after all of the Indebtedness shall have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash, shall be paid to the Borrower or as otherwise required by any Governmental Requirement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received from the Borrower or any Guarantor that is not an Eligible Contract Participant shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligations (it being understood, that in the event that any amount is applied to Indebtedness other than Excluded Swap Obligations as a result of this clause, the Administrative Agent shall make such adjustments as it determines are appropriate to distributions pursuant to clause fourth above from amounts received from Eligible Contract Participants to ensure, as nearly as possible, that the proportional aggregate recoveries with respect to Excluded Swap Obligations described in such clause fourth are the same as the proportional aggregate recoveries with respect to other Indebtedness pursuant to such clause). 
 ARTICLE XI The Administrative Agent 
 Section 11.01 Appointment Powers. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 Section 11.02 Duties and Obligations of Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing (the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law rather, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties), (b) the Administrative Agent shall have no duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except as provided in Section 11.03, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or 
 94 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article VI or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or as to those conditions precedent expressly required to be to the Administrative Agent s satisfaction, (vi) the existence, value, perfection or priority of any collateral security or the financial or other condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any other obligor or guarantor, or (vii) any failure by the Borrower or any other Person (other than itself) to perform any of its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document or the performance or observance of any covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Article VI, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed closing date specifying its objection thereto. 
 Section 11.03 Action by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall have no duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 12.02) and in all cases the Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to act hereunder or under any other Loan Documents unless it shall (a) receive written instructions from the Majority Lenders or the Lenders, as applicable, (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 12.02) specifying the action to be taken and (b) be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expenses which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The instructions as aforesaid and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto by the Administrative Agent shall be binding on all of the Lenders. If a Default has occurred and is continuing, then the Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default as shall be directed by the requisite Lenders in the written instructions (with indemnities) described in this Section 11.03, provided that, unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders. In no event, however, shall the Administrative Agent be required to take any action which exposes the Administrative Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement, the Loan Documents or applicable law. If a Default has occurred and is continuing, neither of the Syndication Agents shall have any obligation to perform any act in respect thereof. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders or the Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 12.02), and otherwise the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document or under any other document or instrument referred to or provided for herein or therein or in connection herewith or therewith INCLUDING ITS OWN ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Section 11.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon and each of the Borrower, the 
 95 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent s record of such statement, except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until a written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof permitted hereunder shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 11.05 Subagents. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding Sections of this Article XI shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 Section 11.06 Resignation of the Administrative Agent. Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this Section 11.06, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right, subject, if no Event of Default exists, to the consent of the Borrower, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article XI and Section 12.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 Section 11.07 Agents as Lenders. Each bank serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not an Agent hereunder. 
 Section 11.08 No Reliance. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. The Agents shall not be required to keep themselves informed as to the performance or observance by the Borrower or 
 96 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

any of its Subsidiaries of this Agreement, the Loan Documents or any other document referred to or provided for herein or to inspect the Properties or books of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Except for notices, reports and other documents and information expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, none of the Agents nor the Arranger shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of the Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates. In this regard, each Lender acknowledges that Vinson & Elkins LLP is acting in this transaction as special counsel to the Administrative Agent only, except to the extent otherwise expressly stated in any legal opinion or any Loan Document. Each other party hereto will consult with its own legal counsel to the extent that it deems necessary in connection with the Loan Documents and the matters contemplated therein. 
 Section 11.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Indebtedness that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Section 12.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 12.03. 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Indebtedness or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 Section 11.10 Authority of Administrative Agent to Release Collateral and Guarantors. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to (a) release any collateral that is permitted to be sold or released pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, (b) release any Guarantor from the Guaranty Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof and (c) subordinate any Lien on any collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien permitted pursuant to Section 9.03. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver to the Borrower, at the Borrower s sole cost and expense, any and all releases of Liens, 
 97 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

termination statements, assignments, releases of guarantees or other documents reasonably requested by the Borrower in connection with (i) the events described in the preceding sentence and (ii) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in compliance with Section 9.19(b). 
 Section 11.11 The Arranger and the Syndication Agents. The Arranger and the Syndication Agents shall have no duties, responsibilities or liabilities under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents other than their duties, responsibilities and liabilities in their capacity as Lenders hereunder. 
 Section 11.12 Erroneous Payments. 
 (a) Each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby severally agrees that if (i) the Administrative Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Lender or Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Bank) or (ii) it receives any payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (A) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, (B) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment or (C) that such Lender or Issuing Bank otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case an error in payment has been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 11.12(a), whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and the Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment and to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge (or deemed knowledge) of such error) notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such occurrence and, in the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (i) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender or the Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or the Issuing Bank with respect to such amount, (ii) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise 
 98 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

satisfy any Indebtedness owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party and (iii) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Indebtedness, the Indebtedness or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the applicable Lender, Issuing Bank, Administrative Agent, or Other Secured Person, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 11.12 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 ARTICLE XII Miscellaneous 
 Section 12.01 Notices. 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to Section 12.01(b)), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to it at 
 Viper Energy Partners LLC 500 West Texas, Suite 1200 Midland, Texas 79701 Attention Teresa L. Dick, CFO Telecopy 405-463-6968 email tdick diamondbackenergy.com 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, to it at 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 1525 West W.T. Harris Boulevard 
 MAC D1109-019 
 Charlotte, NC 28252 
 Attention Dugan McDermott 
 Telecopy 704.590.2082 
 e-mail Dugan.Mcdermott wellsfargo.com 
 Agencyservices.requests wellsfargo.com 
 (iii) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II, Article III, Article IV and Article V unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 99 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address, email address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. 
 Section 12.02 Waivers Amendments. 
 (a) No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent, any other Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right, power or privilege, under any of the Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under any of the Loan Documents preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, each other Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by Section 12.02(b), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any other Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Subject to 3.02(f) and Section 3.03(c) with respect to the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof nor any Security Instrument nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Majority Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment or Elected Commitment or the Maximum Credit Amount of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) increase the Borrowing Base without the written consent of each Lender, decrease or maintain the Borrowing Base without the consent of the Required Lenders or modify Section 2.07 in any manner without the consent of each Lender provided that (A) a Scheduled Redetermination may be postponed by the Required Lenders and (B) reductions of the Borrowing Base pursuant to Section 2.07(f), Section 9.05(m) or Section 9.12 may be waived or reduced with the consent of the Required Lenders, (iii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, or reduce any other Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) postpone the scheduled date of payment or prepayment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or any other Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone or extend the Termination Date without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (v) change Section 4.01(b) or Section 4.01(c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) waive or amend Section 3.04(c), Section 6.01, Section 8.14 or Section 12.14 or change the definition of the terms Domestic Subsidiary , Foreign Subsidiary or Subsidiary , without the written consent of each Lender provided that any waiver or amendment to Section 12.14, this proviso in this Section 12.02(b)(vi), or Section 12.02(b)(vii), shall also require the written consent of each adversely affected Secured Swap Party, (vii) modify the terms of Section 10.02(c) without the written consent of each Lender and Secured Swap Party adversely affected thereby or amend or otherwise modify any Security Instrument in a manner that results in the Secured Swap Obligations secured by such 
 100 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Security Instrument no longer being secured thereby, or amend or otherwise change the definition of Secured Swap Agreement , Secured Swap Obligations or Secured Swap Party , without the written consent of each Secured Swap Party adversely affected thereby, (viii) release any Guarantor (except as set forth in the Guaranty Agreement), release all or substantially all of the collateral (other than as provided in Section 11.10), or reduce the percentage set forth in Section 8.14(a), without the written consent of each Lender, or (ix) change any of the provisions of this Section 12.02(b) or the definitions of Majority Lenders or Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or under any other Loan Documents or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder or any other Loan Documents, without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any other Agent or the Issuing Bank hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such other Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) joinders and modifications contemplated by Section 2.06(b) shall not require the consent of any Person other than the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and, to the extent applicable, any Lenders executing Elected Commitment Amount Increase Agreements and any Additional Lenders executing Additional Lender Agreements and (ii) any supplement to Schedule 7.14 (Subsidiaries) shall be effective simply by delivering to the Administrative Agent a supplemental schedule clearly marked as such and, upon receipt, the Administrative Agent will promptly deliver a copy thereof to the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment or Elected Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended or amounts owed to such Lenders reduced, or the final maturity thereof extended without the consent of such Lender, and any amendment to further restrict the voting rights of Defaulting Lenders shall require the consent of all Lenders. 
 Section 12.03 Expenses, Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel and other outside consultants for the Administrative Agent, the reasonable travel, photocopy, mailing, courier, telephone and other similar expenses, and the cost of environmental invasive and non-invasive assessments and audits and surveys and appraisals, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration (both before and after the execution hereof and including advice of counsel to the Administrative Agent as to the rights and duties of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect thereto) of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of or consents related to the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all costs, expenses, Taxes, assessments and other charges incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with any filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by this Agreement or any Security Instrument or any other document referred to therein, (iii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iv) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section 12.03, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including, without limitation, all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 101 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(b) THE BORROWER SHALL INDEMNIFY EACH AGENT, THE ARRANGER, THE ISSUING BANK AND EACH LENDER, AND EACH RELATED PARTY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING PERSONS (EACH SUCH PERSON BEING CALLED AN INDEMNITEE AGAINST, AND DEFEND AND HOLD EACH INDEMNITEE HARMLESS FROM, ANY AND ALL LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES AND RELATED EXPENSES, INCLUDING THE REASONABLE FEES, CHARGES AND DISBURSEMENTS OF ANY COUNSEL FOR ANY INDEMNITEE, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY INDEMNITEE ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR AS A RESULT OF (i) THE EXECUTION OR DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE PERFORMANCE BY THE PARTIES HERETO OR THE PARTIES TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR BY ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, (ii) THE FAILURE OF THE BORROWER OR ANY OF THE RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, INCLUDING THIS AGREEMENT, OR WITH ANY GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENT, (iii) ANY INACCURACY OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR ANY BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY OR COVENANT OF THE BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR SET FORTH IN ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY INSTRUMENTS, DOCUMENTS OR CERTIFICATIONS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, (iv) ANY LOAN OR LETTER OF CREDIT OR THE USE OF THE PROCEEDS THEREFROM, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, (A) ANY REFUSAL BY THE ISSUING BANK TO HONOR A DEMAND FOR PAYMENT UNDER A LETTER OF CREDIT IF THE DOCUMENTS PRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DEMAND DO NOT STRICTLY COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT, OR (B) THE PAYMENT OF A DRAWING UNDER ANY LETTER OF CREDIT NOTWITHSTANDING THE NON-COMPLIANCE, NON-DELIVERY OR OTHER IMPROPER PRESENTATION OF THE DOCUMENTS PRESENTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, (v) ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, (vi) THE OPERATIONS OF THE BUSINESS OF THE BORROWER AND THE RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES BY THE BORROWER AND THE RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES, (vii) ANY ASSERTION THAT THE LENDERS WERE NOT ENTITLED TO RECEIVE THE PROCEEDS RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, (viii) ANY ENVIRONMENTAL LAW APPLICABLE TO THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY OR ANY OF THEIR PROPERTIES OR OPERATIONS, INCLUDING THE PRESENCE, GENERATION, STORAGE, RELEASE, THREATENED RELEASE, USE, TRANSPORT, DISPOSAL, ARRANGEMENT OF DISPOSAL OR TREATMENT OF HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ON OR AT ANY OF THEIR PROPERTIES, (ix) THE BREACH OR NON-COMPLIANCE BY THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY WITH ANY ENVIRONMENTAL LAW APPLICABLE TO THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY, (x) THE PAST OWNERSHIP BY THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY OF ANY OF THEIR PROPERTIES OR PAST ACTIVITY ON ANY OF THEIR PROPERTIES WHICH, THOUGH LAWFUL AND FULLY PERMISSIBLE AT THE TIME, COULD RESULT IN PRESENT LIABILITY, (xi) THE PRESENCE, USE, RELEASE, STORAGE, TREATMENT, DISPOSAL, GENERATION, THREATENED RELEASE, TRANSPORT, ARRANGEMENT FOR TRANSPORT OR ARRANGEMENT FOR DISPOSAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ON OR AT ANY OF THE PROPERTIES OWNED OR OPERATED BY THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY OR ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED PRESENCE OR RELEASE OF HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ON OR FROM ANY PROPERTY OWNED OR OPERATED BY THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY, (xii) ANY ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE BORROWER OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY, OR (xiii) ANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH OR SAFETY CONDITION IN CONNECTION 
 102 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR (xiv) ANY ACTUAL OR PROSPECTIVE CLAIM, LITIGATION, INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY INDEMNITEE IS A PARTY THERETO, AND SUCH INDEMNITY SHALL EXTEND TO EACH INDEMNITEE NOTWITHSTANDING THE SOLE OR CONCURRENT NEGLIGENCE OF EVERY KIND OR CHARACTER WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ACTIVE OR PASSIVE, WHETHER AN AFFIRMATIVE ACT OR AN OMISSION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL TYPES OF NEGLIGENT CONDUCT IDENTIFIED IN THE RESTATEMENT (SECOND) OF TORTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE INDEMNITEES OR BY REASON OF STRICT LIABILITY IMPOSED WITHOUT FAULT ON ANY ONE OR MORE OF THE INDEMNITEES PROVIDED THAT SUCH INDEMNITY SHALL NOT, AS TO ANY INDEMNITEE, BE AVAILABLE TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES OR RELATED EXPENSES ARE DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE JUDGMENT TO HAVE RESULTED FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF SUCH INDEMNITEE. 
 (c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to any Agent, the Arranger or the Issuing Bank under Section 12.03(a) or (b), each Lender severally agrees to pay to such Agent, the Arranger or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent, the Arranger or the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. 
 (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e) All amounts due under this Section 12.03 shall be payable not later than three days after written demand therefor. 
 Section 12.04 Successors and Assigns. 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) other than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 9.12(e), the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower in violation of this Section 12.04(a)(i) shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 12.04. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in Section 12.04(c)) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 103 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 12.04(b)(ii), any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of 
 (A) the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required if such assignment is to a Lender or, an Affiliate of a Lender, or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, is to any other assignee provided further, if at the end of fifteen (15) days after the Borrower has received a request for such approval, the Borrower has not communicated its approval or disapproval in writing to the Administrative Agent, such silence shall be deemed to be an approval of such assignment and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank shall be required for an assignment to an assignee that is a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and 
 (E) no assignment shall be made to (1) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries or Affiliates, (2) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (ii) or (iii) any natural Person. 
 (iii) Subject to Section 12.04(b)(iv) and the acceptance and recording thereof, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.01, Section 5.02, Section 5.03 and Section 12.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not 
 104 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

comply with this Section 12.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 12.04(c). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Maximum Credit Amount and Elected Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. In connection with any changes to the Register, if necessary, the Administrative Agent will reflect the revisions on Annex I and forward a copy of such revised Annex I to the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and each Lender. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 12.04(b) and any written consent to such assignment required by Section 12.04(b), the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this Section 12.04(b). 
 (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the proviso to Section 12.02 that affects such Participant. In addition such agreement must provide that the Participant be bound by the provisions of Section 12.03. Subject to Section 12.04(c)(ii), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.01, Section 5.02 and Section 5.03 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 12.04(b). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 12.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 4.01(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 (ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 5.01 or Section 5.03 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.03 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such 
 105 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 5.03(e) as though it were a Lender. 
 (iii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and Section 12.04(b) shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 12.04, no transfer or assignment of the interests or obligations of any Lender or any grant of participations therein shall be permitted if such transfer, assignment or grant would require the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to file a registration statement with the SEC or to qualify the Loans under the Blue Sky laws of any state. 
 Section 12.05 Survival Revival Reinstatement. 
 (a) All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower and the Guarantors herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any other Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Section 5.01, Section 5.02, Section 5.03 and Section 12.03 and Article XI shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 106 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(b) To the extent that any payments on the Indebtedness or proceeds of any collateral are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver or other Person under any bankruptcy law, common law or equitable cause, then to such extent, the Indebtedness so satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received and the Administrative Agent s and the Lenders Liens, security interests, rights, powers and remedies under this Agreement and each Loan Document shall continue in full force and effect. In such event, each Loan Document shall be automatically reinstated and the Borrower shall take such action as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to effect such reinstatement. 
 Section 12.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. 
 (b) This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES . 
 (c) Except as provided in Section 6.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, facsimile or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 Section 12.07 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 12.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations (of whatsoever kind, including, without limitations obligations under Swap Agreements) at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries owed to such Lender now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section 12.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or its Affiliates may have 
 107 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.02(c) and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Indebtedness owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 Section 12.09 GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS. 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT UNITED STATES FEDERAL LAW PERMITS ANY LENDER TO CONTRACT FOR, CHARGE, RECEIVE, RESERVE OR TAKE INTEREST AT THE RATE ALLOWED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE WHERE SUCH LENDER IS LOCATED. AS OF THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT EFFECTIVE DATE, EACH OUTSTANDING NOTE PREVIOUSLY ISSUED BY THE BORROWER TO ANY LENDER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE AMENDED TO PROVIDE THAT SUCH NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN OR OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY HEREBY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW) IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS. 
 (c) EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO IT AT THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 12.01 OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS IS SPECIFIED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12.01 (OR ITS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION), SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF A PARTY OR ANY HOLDER OF A NOTE TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANOTHER PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 108 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

(d) EACH PARTY HEREBY (i) IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN (ii) IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY SUCH LITIGATION ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OTHER THAN, OR IN ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES EXCEPT FOR ANY SUCH SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES FOR WHICH THE BORROWER HAS INDEMNIFIED AN INDEMNITEE PURSUANT TO SECTION 12.03 (iii) CERTIFIES THAT NO PARTY HERETO NOR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF COUNSEL FOR ANY PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, OR IMPLIED THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS, AND (iv) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 12.09. 
 Section 12.10 Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 Section 12.11 Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 12.11, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any Swap Agreement relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 12.11 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this Section 12.11, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof, such information is hereby deemed at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 12.11 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 109 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 12.12 Interest Rate Limitation. It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it. Accordingly, if the transactions contemplated hereby would be usurious as to any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America and the State of Texas or any other jurisdiction whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement), then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents or any agreement entered into in connection with or as security for the Notes, it is agreed as follows (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law applicable to any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Lender under any of the Loan Documents or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Notes shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and any excess shall be canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Lender on the principal amount of the Indebtedness (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Indebtedness shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Lender to the Borrower) and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Notes is accelerated by reason of an election of the holder thereof resulting from any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Lender may never include more than the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall be canceled automatically by such Lender as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Lender on the principal amount of the Indebtedness (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Indebtedness shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Lender to the Borrower). All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law applicable to such Lender, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the stated term of the Loans evidenced by the Notes until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Loans hereunder does not exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law. If at any time and from time to time (i) the amount of interest payable to any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Lender pursuant to this Section 12.12 and (ii) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 12.12. To the extent that Chapter 303 of the Texas Finance Code is relevant for the purpose of determining the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to a Lender, such Lender elects to determine the applicable rate ceiling under such Chapter by the weekly ceiling from time to time in effect. Chapter 346 of the Texas Finance Code does not apply to the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 
 Section 12.13 EXCULPATION PROVISIONS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO SPECIFICALLY AGREES THAT IT HAS A DUTY TO READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND AGREES THAT IT IS CHARGED WITH NOTICE AND KNOWLEDGE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS THAT IT HAS IN FACT READ THIS AGREEMENT AND IS FULLY INFORMED AND HAS FULL NOTICE AND KNOWLEDGE OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EFFECTS OF THIS AGREEMENT THAT IT HAS BEEN REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE THROUGHOUT THE NEGOTIATIONS PRECEDING ITS EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND HAS RECEIVED THE ADVICE OF ITS ATTORNEY IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND 
 110 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

THAT IT RECOGNIZES THAT CERTAIN OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS RESULT IN ONE PARTY ASSUMING THE LIABILITY INHERENT IN SOME ASPECTS OF THE TRANSACTION AND RELIEVING THE OTHER PARTY OF ITS RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH LIABILITY. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES AND COVENANTS THAT IT WILL NOT CONTEST THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY EXCULPATORY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS ON THE BASIS THAT THE PARTY HAD NO NOTICE OR KNOWLEDGE OF SUCH PROVISION OR THAT THE PROVISION IS NOT CONSPICUOUS . 
 Section 12.14 Collateral Matters Swap Agreements. 
 (a) The benefit of the Security Instruments and of the provisions of this Agreement relating to any collateral securing the Indebtedness shall also extend to and be available to Secured Swap Parties on a pro rata basis (but subject to the terms of the Loan Documents, including provisions thereof relating to the application and priority of payments to the Persons entitled thereto) in respect of any Secured Swap Obligations. Except as expressly set forth in Section 12.02(b), no Secured Swap Party shall have any voting rights under any Loan Document as a result of the existence of any Secured Swap Obligations owed to it. 
 (b) The Borrower hereby guarantees the payment and performance of all Indebtedness of each other Loan Party and absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Benefiting Guarantor in order for such Benefiting Guarantor to honor its obligations under the Guaranty Agreement and any other Security Instruments including obligations with respect to Swap Agreements (provided, however, that the Borrower shall only be liable under this Section 12.14(b) for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 12.14(b), or otherwise under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, as it relates to such Benefiting Guarantor, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of Borrower under this Section 12.14(b) shall remain in full force and effect until all Indebtedness is paid in full, and all of the Lenders Commitments are terminated. The Borrower intends that this Section 12.14(b) constitute, and this Section 12.14(b) shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each Benefiting Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(ii) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Section 12.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the agreement of the Lenders to make Loans and the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend Letters of Credit hereunder are solely for the benefit of the Borrower, and no other Person (including, without limitation, any Subsidiary of the Borrower, any obligor, contractor, subcontractor, supplier or materialsman) shall have any rights, claims, remedies or privileges hereunder or under any other Loan Document against the Administrative Agent, any other Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender for any reason whatsoever. There are no third party beneficiaries. 
 Section 12.16 USA Patriot Act Notice. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. 
 111 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 12.17 Flood Insurance Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, in no event is any Building (as defined in the applicable Flood Insurance Regulation) or Manufactured (Mobile) Home (as defined in the applicable Flood Insurance Regulation) included in the definition of Mortgaged Property and no Building or Manufactured (Mobile) Home is hereby encumbered by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. As used herein, Flood Insurance Regulations means (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (c) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (amending 42 USC 4001, et seq.), as the same may be amended or recodified from time to time and (d) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 and any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Section 12.18 Regulation U Matters. 
 (a) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) the Borrower may, directly or through one or more of its Subsidiaries, from time to time use the proceeds of Loans to purchase margin stock (as such term is defined in Regulation U of the Board) and (ii) it is their explicit intent that the Transactions shall, at all times, be in compliance with and permitted under all applicable Governmental Requirements, including Regulation U. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary 
 (i) the term Collateral and similar terms in the Loan Documents shall be deemed to exclude all margin stock 
 (ii) the Indebtedness shall not, under any circumstances, ever be, or be deemed to be, directly or indirectly secured by any margin stock (with the term indirectly secured having the meaning ascribed thereto in Regulation U) 
 (iii) the Loan Documents do not restrict, and shall be deemed not to restrict, in any way, the right or ability of any Loan Party to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any margin stock owned by such Loan Party 
 (iv) the sale, pledge or other disposition by a Loan Party of margin stock does not and shall not directly or indirectly cause, trigger, give rise to or create a right, option or power to cause or trigger an acceleration of the Indebtedness 
 (v) the negative covenants set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including Section 9.03, Section 9.04, Section 9.05, Section 9.12, Section 9.14 and Section 9.16 of this Agreement, do not and shall not apply to margin stock and 
 (vi) the Events of Default and any other remedial provisions set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including Section 10.01 of this Agreement, do not and shall not apply with respect to margin stock and 
 in each case, to the extent necessary, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are hereby deemed to be amended and modified to implement the intent of this Section 12.18(b). 
 (c) At any time during which the Borrower directly or indirectly through the other Loan Parties holds margin stock with an aggregate value equal to or greater than 20 of the value of all assets of the Loan Parties directly or indirectly securing the Loans and other extensions of credit provided for under this Agreement, the Borrower shall, prior to each purchase by it or any other Loan Party of margin stock thereafter, deliver to the Administrative 
 112 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Agent an officer s certificate certifying as to the value of all margin stock and the value of all other assets of the Loan Parties. The Borrower covenants and agrees that it will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party to, purchase margin stock if, after giving effect to such purchase, the value of all margin stock held by the Loan Parties would be equal to or greater than 25 of the value of all assets of the Loan Parties directly or indirectly securing the Loans and other extensions of credit provided for under this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 12.18(c) and Section 6.02(e) and Section 8.01(c) above, value means value determined by a reasonable method within the meaning of clause (2)(i) of the definition of the term indirectly secured in Regulation U. 
 (d) The Agents and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) each determination of the amount of credit that may be granted to the Loan Parties, including each determination of the Borrowing Base under this Agreement, shall be made, in good faith, without relying upon any margin stock owned by a Loan Party or any income or other benefit derived or anticipated to be derived from such margin stock, whether as direct or indirect collateral, as other credit support, or otherwise, and (ii) each extension of credit, the maintenance of credit, and each other decision under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be made, in good faith, without relying upon any margin stock owned or to be owned (including as a result of the use of proceeds of any such extension of credit) by a Loan Party or any income or other benefit derived or anticipated to be derived from such margin stock, whether as direct or indirect collateral, as other credit support, or otherwise. 
 (e) In the event that there shall occur after the date of this Agreement (i) any change in Regulation U or any other law, treaty, rule, regulation or other Governmental Requirement relating to extensions of credit in connection with margin stock or other securities (each, a Margin Rule ), or any change in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, (ii) the adoption of any Margin Rule, or (iii) the issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority that is directly or indirectly applicable to any Lender, the Issuing Bank, any lending office of a Lender or any Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, in respect of a Margin Rule, then this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to be amended and modified to implement the intent of this Section 12.18. 
 Section 12.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or 
 113 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 12.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFC s. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 12.20, the following terms have the following meanings 
 (i) BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 (ii) Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 (iii) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 (iv) QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 114 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Section 12.21 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the other Agents and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Guarantor, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the other Agents and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Guarantor, that none of the Administrative Agent, the other Agents nor any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, or administration and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 SIGNATURES BEGIN NEXT PAGE 
 115 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted 
 SIGNATURE PAGE CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

ANNEX I LIST OF MAXIMUM CREDIT AMOUNTS 
 
 Name of Lender Applicable Percentage Maximum Credit Amount Elected Commitment Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 12.400000000 248,000,000.00 62,000,000.00 PNC Bank, National Association 9.000000000 180,000,000.00 45,000,000.00 Truist Bank 9.000000000 180,000,000.00 45,000,000.00 Bank of America, N.A. 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 Capital One, National Association 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 Citibank, N.A. 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 The Bank of Nova Scotia, Houston Branch 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 Barclays Bank PLC 7.200000000 144,000,000.00 36,000,000.00 BOKF, N.A. dba Bank of Oklahoma 6.000000000 120,000,000.00 30,000,000.00 Comerica Bank 6.000000000 120,000,000.00 30,000,000.00 Total 100.00 2,000,000,000.00 500,000,000.00 
 ANNEX I 
 US 9364157v.4 WEL554 78009 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 viper202210-kxex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Viper Energy Partners LP 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Viper Energy Partners LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 viper202210-kxex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Viper Energy Partners LP on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Viper Energy Partners LP on Form S-3 ASR (File No. 333-260335) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-196971). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 viper202210-kxex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF RYDER SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. 
 
 We have issued our summary report dated January 5, 2023 on the audit of estimated quantities of proved reserves, future production and income attributable to certain royalty interests of Viper Energy Partners LP Viper ), a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., as of December 31, 2022. As independent oil and gas consultants, we hereby consent to the inclusion of our report and the information contained therein and information from our prior reserve reports referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viper (this Annual Report and to all references to our firm in this Annual Report. We hereby also consent to the incorporation by reference of such reports and the information contained therein in the Registration Statements of Viper on Form S-3 ASR (File No. 333-260335) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-196971). 
 s Ryder Scott Company, L.P. RYDER SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. TBPELS Firm Registration No. F-1580 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 viper202210-kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Travis D. Stice, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viper Energy Partners LP (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Travis D. Stice Travis D. Stice Chief Executive Officer Viper Energy Partners GP LLC (as general partner of Viper Energy Partners LP) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 viper202210-kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Teresa L. Dick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viper Energy Partners LP (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Teresa L. Dick Teresa L. Dick Chief Financial Officer Viper Energy Partners GP LLC (as general partner of Viper Energy Partners LP) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 viper202210-kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viper Energy Partners LP (the Partnership ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Travis D. Stice, Chief Executive Officer of Viper Energy Partners GP LLC, the general partner of Viper Energy Partners LP, and Teresa L. Dick, Chief Financial Officer of Viper Energy Partners GP LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Travis D. Stice Travis D. Stice Chief Executive Officer Viper Energy Partners GP LLC (as general partner of Viper Energy Partners LP) Date February 23, 2023 s Teresa L. Dick Teresa L. Dick Chief Financial Officer Viper Energy Partners GP LLC (as general partner of Viper Energy Partners LP) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 viper202210-kxex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 

Estimated 
 
 Future Reserves and Income 
 
 Attributable to Certain 
 
 Royalty Interests 

SEC Parameters 

As of 
 
 December 31, 2022 

s Marsha E. Wellmann s Raza Rizvi Marsha E. Wellmann, P.E. Raza Rizvi TBPELS License No. 116149 Senior Petroleum Engineer Senior Vice President 
 SEAL 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. 
 TBPELS Firm Registration No. F-1580 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

TBPELS REGISTERED ENGINEERING FIRM F-1580 
 FAX (713) 651-0849 1100 LOUISIANA SUITE 4600 HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002-5294 TELEPHONE (713) 651-9191 January 5, 2023 

Viper Energy Partners, LP 
 c o Diamondback Energy, Inc. 
 500 West Texas, Suite 1210 
 Midland, Texas 79701 

Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 At the request of Diamondback Energy, Inc. (Diamondback), Ryder Scott Company, L.P. (Ryder Scott) has conducted a reserves audit of the estimates of the proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income attributable to Viper Energy Partners, LP (Viper), a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., as of December 31, 2022, and prepared by Diamondback s engineering and geological staff based on the definitions and disclosure guidelines of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) contained in Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting, Final Rule released January 14, 2009 in the Federal Register (SEC regulations). Our reserves audit, completed on January 5, 2023 and presented herein, was prepared for public disclosure by Diamondback in filings made with the SEC in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in the SEC regulations. The estimated reserves and income data shown herein represent Diamondback s estimated net reserves and income data attributable to the royalty interests in certain properties owned by Viper and the portion of those reserves and income data reviewed by Ryder Scott, as of December 31, 2022. The properties in which Viper owns an interest and reviewed by Ryder Scott are located in the states of New Mexico and Texas. 
 
 The properties reviewed by Ryder Scott represent 100 percent of Viper s total net proved liquid hydrocarbon and gas reserves as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As prescribed by the Society of Petroleum Engineers in Paragraph 2.2(f) of the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information (SPE auditing standards), a reserves audit is defined as the process of reviewing certain of the pertinent facts interpreted and assumptions made that have resulted in an estimate of reserves and or Reserves Information prepared by others and the rendering of an opinion about (1) the appropriateness of the methodologies employed (2) the adequacy and quality of the data relied upon (3) the depth and thoroughness of the reserves estimation process (4) the classification of reserves appropriate to the relevant definitions used and (5) the reasonableness of the estimated reserves quantities and or Reserves Information. Reserves Information may consist of various estimates pertaining to the extent and value of petroleum properties. 
 
 Based on our review, including the data, technical processes and interpretations presented by Diamondback, it is our opinion that the overall procedures and methodologies utilized by Diamondback in preparing their estimates of the proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income as of December 31, 2022 comply with the current SEC regulations and that the overall proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income for the reviewed properties as estimated by Diamondback are, in the aggregate, reasonable within the established audit tolerance guidelines of 10 percent as set forth in the SPE auditing standards. 
 SUITE 2800, 350 7TH AVENUE, S.W. CALGARY, ALBERTA T2P 3N9 TEL (403) 262-2799 
 633 17TH STREET, SUITE 1700 DENVER, COLORADO 80202 TEL (303) 339-8110 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 2 

The estimated reserves and future net income amounts presented in this report are related to hydrocarbon prices. Diamondback has informed us that in the preparation of their reserves and income projections, as of December 31, 2022, they used average prices during the 12-month period prior to the as of date of this report, determined as the unweighted arithmetic averages of the prices in effect on the first-day-of-the-month for each month within such period, unless prices were defined by contractual arrangements, as required by the SEC regulations. Actual future prices may vary considerably from the prices required by SEC regulations. The reserves volumes and the income attributable thereto have a direct relationship to the hydrocarbon prices actually received therefore, volumes of reserves actually recovered and amounts of income actually received may differ significantly from the estimated quantities presented in this report. The net reserves and net income data as estimated by Diamondback attributable to Viper's interest in properties that we reviewed are summarized below 

SEC PARAMETERS 
 Estimated Net Reserves and Income Data 
 Certain Royalty Interests of 
 Viper Energy Partners, LP 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Proved Developed Total Producing Undeveloped Proved Audited by Ryder Scott 
 
 Net Reserves 
 Oil Condensate MBBLS 54,817 24,187 79,004 Plant Products MBBLS 25,621 9,281 34,902 Gas MMCF 161,119 48,845 209,964 MBOE 107,291 41,609 148,900 Income Data M) Future Gross Revenue 6,722,586 2,808,375 9,530,961 Deductions 131,081 56,167 187,248 Future Net Income (FNI) 6,591,505 2,752,208 9,343,713 Discounted FNI 10 2,824,350 1,277,503 4,101,853 

Liquid hydrocarbons are expressed in standard 42 U.S. gallon barrels and shown herein as thousands of barrels (MBBLS). All gas volumes are reported on an as sold basis expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at the official temperature and pressure bases of the areas in which the gas reserves are located. The net reserves are also shown herein on an equivalent unit basis wherein natural gas is converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 6,000 cubic feet natural gas per one barrel of oil equivalent. MBOE means thousand barrels of oil equivalent. In this report, discounted future net income data are expressed as thousands of U.S. dollars M). 
 
 The future gross revenue is after the deduction of production taxes. Because the interests evaluated herein are royalty interests, the deductions include only ad valorem taxes, while the normal direct costs of operating the wells and development costs are used only to estimate economic lives. The future net income is before the deduction of state and federal income taxes and general administrative overhead, and has not been adjusted for outstanding loans that may exist nor does it include any adjustment for cash on hand or undistributed income. 
 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 3 

Reserves Included in This Report 
 
 In our opinion, the proved reserves presented in this report conform to the definition as set forth in the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulations Part 210.4-10(a). An abridged version of the SEC reserves definitions from 210.4-10(a) entitled PETROLEUM RESERVES DEFINITIONS is included as an attachment to this report. 
 
 The various proved reserves status categories are defined in the attachment entitled PETROLEUM RESERVES STATUS DEFINITIONS AND GUIDELINES in this report. 
 
 Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. All reserves estimates involve an assessment of the uncertainty relating the likelihood that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than the estimated quantities determined as of the date the estimate is made. The uncertainty depends primarily on the amount of reliable geologic and engineering data available at the time of the estimate and the interpretation of these data. The relative degree of uncertainty may be conveyed by placing reserves into one of two principal categories, either proved or unproved. Unproved reserves are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves and may be further sub-categorized as probable and possible reserves to denote progressively increasing uncertainty in their recoverability. At Diamondback s request, this report addresses only the proved reserves attributable to the properties reviewed herein. 
 
 Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward. The proved reserves included herein were estimated using deterministic methods. The SEC has defined reasonable certainty for proved reserves, when based on deterministic methods, as a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. 
 
 Proved reserves estimates will generally be revised only as additional geologic or engineering data become available or as economic conditions change. For proved reserves, the SEC states that as changes due to increased availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to the estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease. Moreover, estimates of proved reserves may be revised as a result of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies or geopolitical or economic risks. Therefore, the proved reserves included in this report are estimates only and should not be construed as being exact quantities. They may or may not be actually recovered, and if recovered, the revenues therefrom, and the actual costs related thereto, could be more or less than the estimated amounts. 
 
 Audit Data, Methodology, Procedure and Assumptions 
 
 The estimation of reserves involves two distinct determinations. The first determination results in the estimation of the quantities of recoverable oil and gas and the second determination results in the estimation of the uncertainty associated with those estimated quantities in accordance with the definitions set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulations Part 210.4-10(a). The process of estimating the quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves relies on the use of certain generally accepted analytical procedures. These analytical procedures fall into three broad categories or methods (1) performance-based methods (2) volumetric-based methods and (3) analogy. These methods may be used individually or in combination by the reserves evaluator in the process of estimating the quantities of reserves. Reserves evaluators must select the method or combination of methods which in their professional judgment is most appropriate given the nature and amount of reliable geoscience and engineering data available at the time of the estimate, the established or anticipated performance characteristics of the reservoir being evaluated and the stage of development or producing maturity of the property. 
 
 In many cases, the analysis of the available geoscience and engineering data and the subsequent interpretation of this data may indicate a range of possible outcomes in an estimate, irrespective of the method selected by the evaluator. When a range in the quantity of reserves is 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 4 

identified, the evaluator must determine the uncertainty associated with the incremental quantities of the reserves. If the reserves quantities are estimated using the deterministic incremental approach, the uncertainty for each discrete incremental quantity of the reserves is addressed by the reserves category assigned by the evaluator. Therefore, it is the categorization of reserves quantities as proved, probable and or possible that addresses the inherent uncertainty in the estimated quantities reported. For proved reserves, uncertainty is defined by the SEC as reasonable certainty wherein the quantities actually recovered are much more likely to be achieved than not. The SEC states that probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered. The SEC states that possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves and the total quantities ultimately recovered from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. All quantities of reserves within the same reserves category must meet the SEC definitions as noted above. 
 
 Estimates of reserves quantities and their associated reserves categories may be revised in the future as additional geoscience or engineering data become available. Furthermore, estimates of reserves quantities and their associated reserves categories may also be revised due to other factors such as changes in economic conditions, results of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies or geopolitical or economic risks as previously noted herein. 
 
 The reserves prepared by Diamondback for the properties that we reviewed were estimated by performance methods, analogy, or a combination of methods. In general, the reserves attributable to producing wells and or reservoirs were estimated by performance methods. These performance methods include, but may not be limited to, decline curve analysis, which utilized extrapolations of historical production and pressure data available through December, 2022 in those cases where such data were considered to be definitive. The data used in these analyses were furnished to Ryder Scott by Diamondback or obtained from public data sources and were considered sufficient for the purpose thereof. In certain cases, producing reserves were estimated by analogy or a combination of methods. These methods were used where there were inadequate historical performance data to establish a definitive trend and where the use of production performance data as a basis for the estimates was considered to be inappropriate. 
 
 The reserves prepared by Diamondback attributable to the undeveloped status category that we reviewed were estimated by analogy. 
 
 To estimate economically producible proved oil and gas reserves and related future net cash flows, many factors and assumptions are considered including, but not limited to, the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological, geophysical and engineering data which cannot be measured directly, economic criteria based on current costs and SEC pricing requirements, and forecasts of future production rates. Under the SEC regulations 210.4-10(a)(22)(v) and (26), proved reserves must be anticipated to be economically producible from a given date forward based on existing economic conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. While it may reasonably be anticipated that the future prices received for the sale of production and the operating costs and other costs relating to such production may increase or decrease from those under existing economic conditions, such changes were, in accordance with rules adopted by the SEC, omitted from consideration in conducting this review. 
 
 As stated previously, proved reserves must be anticipated to be economically producible from a given date forward based on existing economic conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. To confirm that the proved reserves reviewed by us meet the SEC requirements to be economically producible, we have reviewed certain primary economic data utilized by Diamondback relating to hydrocarbon prices and costs as noted herein. 
 
 The hydrocarbon prices furnished by Diamondback for the properties reviewed by us are based on SEC price parameters using the average prices during the 12-month period prior to the as of date of this report, determined as the unweighted arithmetic averages of the prices in effect on the first-day-of-the-month for each month within such period, unless prices were defined by contractual 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 5 

arrangements. For hydrocarbon products sold under contract, the contract prices, including fixed and determinable escalations exclusive of inflation adjustments, were used until expiration of the contract. Upon contract expiration, the prices were adjusted to the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average as previously described. 
 
 The initial SEC hydrocarbon benchmark prices in effect on December 31, 2022 for the properties reviewed by us were determined using the 12-month average first-day-of-the-month benchmark prices appropriate to the geographic area where the hydrocarbons are sold. These benchmark prices are prior to the adjustments for differentials as described herein. The table below summarizes the benchmark prices and price reference used by Diamondback for the geographic area reviewed by us. In certain geographic areas, the price reference and benchmark prices may be defined by contractual arrangements. 
 
 The product prices that were actually used by Diamondback to determine the future gross revenue for each property reviewed by us reflect adjustments to the benchmark prices for gravity, quality, local conditions, and or distance from market, referred to herein as differentials. The differentials used by Diamondback were accepted as factual data and reviewed by us for their reasonableness however, we have not conducted an independent verification of the data used by Diamondback. 
 
 The table below summarizes Diamondback s net volume weighted benchmark prices adjusted for differentials for the Viper properties reviewed by us and referred to herein as average realized prices. The average realized prices shown in the table below were determined from Diamondback s estimate of the total future gross revenue before production taxes for the properties reviewed by us and Diamondback s estimate of the total net reserves for the properties reviewed by us for the geographic area. The data shown in the table below is presented in accordance with SEC disclosure requirements for each of the geographic areas reviewed by us. 

Geographic Area Product Price 
 Reference 
 Average 
 Benchmark 
 Prices 
 Average Realized 
 Prices 
 North America Oil Condensate WTI Cushing 93.67 Bbl 95.04 Bbl United States 
 NGLs WTI Cushing 93.67 Bbl 38.95 Bbl Gas Henry Hub 6.358 MMBTU 5.74 Mcf 
 
 The effects of derivative instruments designated as price hedges of oil and gas quantities are not reflected in Diamondback s individual property evaluations. 
 
 Accumulated gas production imbalances, if any, were not taken into account in the proved gas reserves estimates reviewed. The proved gas volumes presented herein do not include volumes of gas consumed in operations as reserves. 
 
 Because Viper is a royalty interest owner, no operating, development, or abandonment costs are shown in the detailed cash flow. However, these costs were incorporated into the economic evaluation to determine the commercially recoverable reserves reported herein. 
 
 Operating costs furnished by Diamondback are based on the operating expense reports of Diamondback and include only those costs directly applicable to the leases or wells for the properties reviewed by us. The operating costs include a portion of general and administrative costs allocated directly to the leases and wells. For operated properties, the operating costs include an appropriate level of corporate general administrative and overhead costs. The operating costs for non-operated 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 6 

properties include the COPAS overhead costs that are allocated directly to the leases and wells under terms of operating agreements . The operating costs furnished by Diamondback were accepted as factual data and reviewed by us for their reasonableness however, we have not conducted an independent verification of the data used by Diamondback. No deduction was made for loan repayments, interest expenses, or exploration and development prepayments that were not charged directly to the leases or wells. 
 
 Development costs furnished by Diamondback are based on authorizations for expenditure for the proposed work or actual costs for similar projects. The development costs furnished by Diamondback were accepted as factual data and reviewed by us for their reasonableness however, we have not conducted an independent verification of the data used by Diamondback. The estimated net cost of abandonment after salvage was included by Diamondback for properties where abandonment costs net of salvage were material. Diamondback s estimates of the net abandonment costs were accepted without independent verification. 
 
 The proved undeveloped reserves for the properties reviewed by us have been incorporated herein in accordance with Diamondback s plans to develop these reserves as of December 31, 2022. The implementation of Diamondback s development plans as presented to us is subject to the approval process adopted by Diamondback s management. As the result of our inquiries during the course of our review, Diamondback has informed us that the development activities for the properties reviewed by us have been subjected to and received the internal approvals required by Diamondback s management at the appropriate local, regional and or corporate level. In addition to the internal approvals as noted, certain development activities may still be subject to specific partner AFE processes, Joint Operating Agreement (JOA) requirements or other administrative approvals external to Diamondback. Diamondback has provided written documentation supporting their commitment to proceed with the development activities as presented to us . Additionally, Diamondback has informed us that they are not aware of any legal, regulatory, or political obstacles that would significantly alter their plans. While these plans could change from those under existing economic conditions as of December 31, 2022, such changes were, in accordance with rules adopted by the SEC, omitted from consideration in making this evaluation. 
 
 Current costs used by Diamondback were held constant throughout the life of the properties. 
 
 Diamondback s forecasts of future production rates are based on historical performance from wells currently on production. If no production decline trend has been established, future production rates were based on analog well performance and type-curves where appropriate. An estimated rate of decline was then applied until depletion of the reserves. If a decline trend has been established, this trend was used as the basis for estimating future production rates. 
 
 Test data and other related information were used by Diamondback to estimate the anticipated initial production rates for those wells or locations that are not currently producing. For reserves not yet on production, sales were estimated to commence at an anticipated date furnished by Diamondback. Wells or locations that are not currently producing may start producing earlier or later than anticipated in Diamondback s estimates due to unforeseen factors causing a change in the timing to initiate production. Such factors may include delays due to weather, the availability of rigs, the sequence of drilling, completing and or recompleting wells and or constraints set by regulatory bodies. 
 
 The future production rates from wells currently on production or wells or locations that are not currently producing may be more or less than estimated because of changes including, but not limited 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 7 

to, reservoir performance, operating conditions related to surface facilities, compression and artificial lift, pipeline capacity and or operating conditions, producing market demand and or allowables or other constraints set by regulatory bodies. 
 
 Diamondback s operations may be subject to various levels of governmental controls and regulations. These controls and regulations may include, but may not be limited to, matters relating to land tenure and leasing, the legal rights to produce hydrocarbons, drilling and production practices, environmental protection, marketing and pricing policies, royalties, various taxes and levies including income tax and are subject to change from time to time. Such changes in governmental regulations and policies may cause volumes of proved reserves actually recovered and amounts of proved income actually received to differ significantly from the estimated quantities. 
 
 The estimates of proved reserves presented herein were based upon a review of the properties in which Viper owns an interest however, we have not made any field examination of the properties. No consideration was given in this report to potential environmental liabilities that may exist nor were any costs included by Diamondback for potential liabilities to restore and clean up damages, if any, caused by past operating practices. 
 
 Certain technical personnel of Diamondback are responsible for the preparation of reserves estimates on new properties and for the preparation of revised estimates, when necessary, on old properties. These personnel assembled the necessary data and maintained the data and workpapers in an orderly manner. We consulted with these technical personnel and had access to their workpapers and supporting data in the course of our audit. 
 
 Diamondback has informed us that they have furnished us all of the material accounts, records, geological and engineering data, and reports and other data required for this investigation. In performing our audit of Diamondback s forecast of future proved production and income, we have relied upon data furnished by Diamondback with respect to property interests owned, production and well tests from examined wells, normal direct costs of operating the wells or leases, other costs such as transportation and or processing fees, ad valorem and production taxes, development costs, development plans, abandonment costs after salvage, product prices based on the SEC regulations, adjustments or differentials to product prices, geological structural and isochore maps, well logs, and pressure measurements. Ryder Scott reviewed such factual data for its reasonableness however, we have not conducted an independent verification of the data furnished by Diamondback. We consider the factual data furnished to us by Diamondback to be appropriate and sufficient for the purpose of our review of Diamondback s estimates of reserves and future net income. In summary, we consider the assumptions, data, methods and analytical procedures used by Diamondback and as reviewed by us appropriate for the purpose hereof, and we have used all such methods and procedures that we consider necessary and appropriate under the circumstances to render the conclusions set forth herein. 
 
 Audit Opinion 
 
 Based on our review, including the data, technical processes and interpretations presented by Diamondback, it is our opinion that the overall procedures and methodologies utilized by Diamondback in preparing estimates of Viper s proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income as of December 31, 2022 comply with the current SEC regulations and that the overall proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income for the reviewed properties as estimated by Diamondback are, in the aggregate, reasonable within the established audit tolerance guidelines of 10 percent as set forth in the SPE auditing standards. Ryder Scott found the processes and controls used 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 8 

by Diamondback in their estimation of Viper s proved reserves to be effective and, in the aggregate, we found no bias in the utilization and analysis of data in estimates for these properties. 
 
 We were in reasonable agreement with Diamondback s estimates of Viper s proved reserves, future production and discounted future net income for the properties which we reviewed although in certain cases there was more than an acceptable variance between Diamondback s estimates and our estimates due to a difference in interpretation of data or due to our having access to data which were not available to Diamondback when its reserves estimates were prepared. However notwithstanding, it is our opinion that on an aggregate basis the data presented herein for the properties that we reviewed fairly reflects the estimated net reserves, future production and discounted future net income owned by Viper. 
 
 Standards of Independence and Professional Qualification 
 
 Ryder Scott is an independent petroleum engineering consulting firm that has been providing petroleum consulting services throughout the world since 1937. Ryder Scott is employee-owned and maintains offices in Houston, Texas Denver, Colorado and Calgary, Alberta, Canada. We have approximately eighty engineers and geoscientists on our permanent staff. By virtue of the size of our firm and the large number of clients for which we provide services, no single client or job represents a material portion of our annual revenue. We do not serve as officers or directors of any privately-owned or publicly-traded oil and gas company and are separate and independent from the operating and investment decision-making process of our clients. This allows us to bring the highest level of independence and objectivity to each engagement for our services. 
 
 Ryder Scott actively participates in industry-related professional societies and organizes an annual public forum focused on the subject of reserves evaluations and SEC regulations. Many of our staff have authored or co-authored technical papers on the subject of reserves related topics. We encourage our staff to maintain and enhance their professional skills by actively participating in ongoing continuing education. 
 
 Prior to becoming an officer of the Company, Ryder Scott requires that staff engineers and geoscientists receive professional accreditation in the form of a registered or certified professional engineer s license or a registered or certified professional geoscientist s license, or the equivalent thereof, from an appropriate governmental authority or a recognized self-regulating professional organization. Regulating agencies require that, in order to maintain active status, a certain amount of continuing education hours be completed annually, including an hour of ethics training. Ryder Scott fully supports this technical and ethics training with our internal requirement mentioned above. 
 
 We are independent petroleum engineers with respect to Diamondback and Viper. Neither we nor any of our employees have any financial interest in the subject properties, and neither the employment to do this work nor the compensation is contingent on our estimates of reserves for the properties which were reviewed. 
 
 The results of this audit, presented herein, are based on technical analyses conducted by teams of geoscientists and engineers from Ryder Scott. The professional qualifications of the undersigned, the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing, reviewing and approving the review of the reserves information discussed in this report, are included as an attachment to this letter. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) 
 January 5, 2023 
 Page 9 

Terms of Usage 
 
 The results of our third party audit, presented in report form herein, were prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in the SEC regulations and intended for public disclosure as an exhibit in filings made with the SEC by Diamondback. 
 
 Diamondback makes periodic filings on Form 10-K with the SEC under the 1934 Exchange Act. Furthermore, Diamondback has certain registration statements filed with the SEC under the 1933 Securities Act into which any subsequently filed Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. We have consented to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-3 of Diamondback, of the references to our name, as well as to the references to our third party report for Diamondback, which appears in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of Diamondback. Our written consent for such use is included as a separate exhibit to the filings made with the SEC by Diamondback. 
 
 We have provided Diamondback with a digital version of the original signed copy of this report letter. In the event there are any differences between the digital version included in filings made by Diamondback and the original signed report letter, the original signed report letter shall control and supersede the digital version. 
 
 The data and work papers used in the preparation of this report are available for examination by authorized parties in our offices. Please contact us if we can be of further service. 
 
 Very truly yours, RYDER SCOTT COMPANY, L.P. TBPELS Firm Registration No. F-1580 s Marsha E. Wellmann 
 Marsha E. Wellmann, P.E. TBPELS License No. 116149 
 Senior Vice President SEAL s Raza Rizvi 
 Raza Rizvi 
 Senior Petroleum Engineer MEW-RR (LPC) pl 
 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

Professional Qualifications of Primary Technical Person 
 
 The conclusions presented in this report are the result of technical analysis conducted by teams of geoscientists and engineers from Ryder Scott Company, L.P. Ms. Marsha E. Wellmann was the primary technical person responsible for overseeing the estimate of the reserves, future production and income prepared by Ryder Scott presented herein. 
 
 Ms. Wellmann, an employee of Ryder Scott Company L.P. (Ryder Scott) since 2012, is a Senior Vice President responsible for coordinating and supervising staff and consulting engineers of the company in ongoing reservoir evaluation studies throughout North America and the Gulf of Mexico. Before joining Ryder Scott, Ms. Wellmann served in a number of engineering positions. For more information regarding Ms. Wellmann geographic and job specific experience, please refer to the Ryder Scott Company website at www.ryderscott.com Company Employees. 
 
 Ms. Wellmann earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering and a Business Foundations Certificate from The University of Texas at Austin in 2002 and is a registered Professional Engineer in the State of Texas. She is also a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 
 
 In addition to gaining experience and competency through prior work experience, the Texas Board of Professional Engineers requires a minimum of fifteen hours of continuing education annually, including at least one hour in the area of professional ethics, which Ms. Wellmann fulfills. As part of her 2022 continuing education hours, Ms. Wellmann attended 42 hours of formalized training including various professional society presentations covering such topics as the definitions and disclosure guidelines contained in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting, Final Rule released January 14, 2009 in the Federal Register, the SPE WPC AAPG SPEE Petroleum Resources Management System, reservoir engineering, geoscience and petroleum economics evaluation methods, procedures and software and ethics for consultants. 
 
 Based on her educational background, professional training and more than 15 years of practical experience in the estimation and evaluation of petroleum reserves, Ms. Wellmann has attained the professional qualifications as a Reserves Estimator set forth in Article III of the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers as of June 2019. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

PETROLEUM RESERVES DEFINITIONS 
 
 As Adapted From 
 RULE 4-10(a) of REGULATION S-X PART 210 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (SEC) 

PREAMBLE 
 
 On January 14, 2009, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) published the Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting Final Rule in the Federal Register of National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). The Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting Final Rule includes revisions and additions to the definition section in Rule 4-10 of Regulation S-X, revisions and additions to the oil and gas reporting requirements in Regulation S-K, and amends and codifies Industry Guide 2 in Regulation S-K. The Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting Final Rule , including all references to Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K, shall be referred to herein collectively as the SEC regulations . The SEC regulations take effect for all filings made with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as of December 31, 2009, or after January 1, 2010. Reference should be made to the full text under Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Regulation S-X Part 210, Rule 4-10(a) for the complete definitions (direct passages excerpted in part or wholly from the aforementioned SEC document are denoted in italics herein). 
 
 Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. All reserve estimates involve an assessment of the uncertainty relating the likelihood that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than the estimated quantities determined as of the date the estimate is made. The uncertainty depends primarily on the amount of reliable geologic and engineering data available at the time of the estimate and the interpretation of these data. The relative degree of uncertainty may be conveyed by placing reserves into one of two principal categories, either proved or unproved. Unproved reserves are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves and may be further sub-categorized as probable and possible reserves to denote progressively increasing uncertainty in their recoverability. Under the SEC regulations as of December 31, 2009, or after January 1, 2010, a company may optionally disclose estimated quantities of probable or possible oil and gas reserves in documents publicly filed with the SEC. The SEC regulations continue to prohibit disclosure of estimates of oil and gas resources other than reserves and any estimated values of such resources in any document publicly filed with the SEC unless such information is required to be disclosed in the document by foreign or state law as noted in 229.1202 Instruction to Item 1202. 
 
 Reserves estimates will generally be revised only as additional geologic or engineering data become available or as economic conditions change. 
 
 Reserves may be attributed to either natural energy or improved recovery methods. Improved recovery methods include all methods for supplementing natural energy or altering natural forces in the reservoir to increase ultimate recovery. Examples of such methods are pressure maintenance, natural gas cycling, waterflooding, thermal methods, chemical flooding, and the use of miscible and immiscible displacement fluids. Other improved recovery methods may be developed in the future as petroleum technology continues to evolve. 
 
 Reserves may be attributed to either conventional or unconventional petroleum accumulations. Petroleum accumulations are considered as either conventional or unconventional based on the nature of their in-place characteristics, extraction method applied, or degree of processing prior to sale. Examples of unconventional petroleum accumulations include coalbed or coalseam methane (CBM CSM), basin-centered gas, shale gas, gas hydrates, natural bitumen and oil shale deposits. These unconventional accumulations may require specialized extraction technology and or significant processing prior to sale. 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

PETROLEUM RESERVES DEFINITIONS 
 Page 2 

Reserves do not include quantities of petroleum being held in inventory. 
 
 Because of the differences in uncertainty, caution should be exercised when aggregating quantities of petroleum from different reserves categories. 

RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(26) defines reserves as follows 
 
 Reserves. Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project. 
 
 Note to paragraph (a)(26) Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir i.e. , absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources i.e. , potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations). 

PROVED RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(22) defines proved oil and gas reserves as follows 
 
 Proved oil and gas reserves. Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. 
 
 (i) The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes 
 
 (A) The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and 
 
 (B) Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering data. 
 
 (ii) In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty. 
 
 (iii) Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty. 
 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

PETROLEUM RESERVES DEFINITIONS 
 Page 3 

(iv) Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when 
 (A) Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based and 
 
 (B) The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including governmental entities. 
 
 (v) Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

PETROLEUM RESERVES STATUS DEFINITIONS AND GUIDELINES 
 
 As Adapted From 
 RULE 4-10(a) of REGULATION S-X PART 210 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (SEC) 
 
 and 
 
 2018 PETROLEUM RESOURCES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (SPE-PRMS) 
 Sponsored and Approved by 
 SOCIETY OF PETROLEUM ENGINEERS (SPE) 
 WORLD PETROLEUM COUNCIL (WPC) 
 AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF PETROLEUM GEOLOGISTS (AAPG) 
 SOCIETY OF PETROLEUM EVALUATION ENGINEERS (SPEE) 
 SOCIETY OF EXPLORATION GEOPHYSICISTS (SEG) 
 SOCIETY OF PETROPHYSICISTS AND WELL LOG ANALYSTS (SPWLA) 
 EUROPEAN ASSOCIATION OF GEOSCIENTISTS & ENGINEERS (EAGE) 

Reserves status categories define the development and producing status of wells and reservoirs. Reference should be made to Title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, Regulation S-X Part 210, Rule 4-10(a) and the SPE-PRMS as the following reserves status definitions are based on excerpts from the original documents (direct passages excerpted from the aforementioned SEC and SPE-PRMS documents are denoted in italics herein). 

DEVELOPED RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(6) defines developed oil and gas reserves as follows 
 
 Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered 
 
 (i) Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well and 
 
 (ii) Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 
 
 Developed Producing (SPE-PRMS Definitions) 
 
 While not a requirement for disclosure under the SEC regulations, developed oil and gas reserves may be further sub-classified according to the guidance contained in the SPE-PRMS as Producing or Non-Producing. 
 
 Developed Producing Reserves 
 Developed Producing Reserves are expected quantities to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the effective date of the estimate. 
 
 Improved recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation. 
 
 RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

PETROLEUM RESERVES STATUS DEFINITIONS AND GUIDELINES 
 Page 2 

Developed Non-Producing 
 Developed Non-Producing Reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. 
 
 Shut-In 
 Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from 
 (1) completion intervals that are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing 
 (2) wells which were shut-in for market conditions or pipeline connections or 
 (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. 
 
 Behind-Pipe 
 Behind-pipe Reserves are expected to be recovered from zones in existing wells that will require additional completion work or future re-completion before start of production with minor cost to access these reserves. 
 
 In all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling a new well. 

UNDEVELOPED RESERVES (SEC DEFINITIONS) 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X 210.4-10(a)(31) defines undeveloped oil and gas reserves as follows 
 
 Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 
 
 (i) Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. 
 
 (ii) Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances, justify a longer time. 
 
 (iii) Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty. 

RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vnom-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 vnom-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vnom-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vnom-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vnom-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

