<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1920453_0000950170-23-009135.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10588915</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1475032</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1342814</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5458385</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>569184</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1546009</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>25</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009135.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322150212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fidelity Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001920453
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01571
		FILM NUMBER:		23752713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 SUMMER STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-563-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 SUMMER STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fidelity Private Credit Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220330

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009135.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 ck0001920453-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________________ to _____________________ 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of December 31, 2022 , there was established public market for the Registrant s common shares of beneficial interest Common Shares ). 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Shares, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of March 16, 2023 was , and of Class I, Class S and Class D common shares, respectively. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 69 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 70 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 70 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 71 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 72 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 73 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 77 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 92 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 92 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 98 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 101 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 104 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are current expectations, estimates, and projections of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund, we, us or our and/or Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC FDS or the Adviser about the Fund, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, seek, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, intend, continue, target, or believe or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results or the actual performance of the Fund may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. 
 The following factors are among those that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements: 
 our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our ability to raise capital; 

geo-political conditions, including revolution, insurgency, terrorism or war, including those arising out of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

general economic, logistical and political trends and other external factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, related COVID-19 variants and recent supply chain disruptions; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our current and expected financing arrangements and investments; 

changes in the general interest rate environment; 

the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 

the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Adviser and its affiliates; 

the elevating levels of inflation, and its impact on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the ability of the Adviser to identify suitable investments and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

1 

our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company BDC and as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ); 

the impact on our business of U.S. and international financial reform legislation, rules and regulations; 

the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations and interpretations thereof; and 

the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest. 

You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future file with the SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This annual report on Form 10-K contains statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report because we are an investment company. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 Risks Relating to an Investment in the Fund 
 We are a relatively new company with no operating history and the Adviser and the portfolio managers have no prior experience managing a BDC. 

An investment in the Fund is suitable only for certain sophisticated investors that have no need for immediate liquidity in respect of their investment and who can accept the risks associated with investing in illiquid investments. 

The Fund is managed exclusively by the Adviser and Fund investors should expect to rely solely on the ability of the Adviser with respect to the Fund s operations. 

The Fund may seek to obtain indebtedness on an investment-by-investment basis, and leverage may not be available or may be available on less desirable terms in connection with particular investments. 

The greater the total leverage of the Fund relative to its assets, the greater the risk of loss and possibility of gain due to changes in the values of its investments. 

Fair value pricing is based on subjective judgments, and it is possible that fair value of a security may differ materially from the value that would be realized if the security were sold. 

When conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding a potential investment, the due diligence process may at times rely on limited or incomplete information. 

To prevent portfolio managers of the Fund from receiving material, non-public information that may prevent them from being able to trade in investments in other accounts the portfolio managers manage, portfolio management personnel may be subject to information barriers and prevented from accessing certain information regarding Fund investments to which investors are otherwise entitled. 

The Fund may be exposed to losses resulting from default and foreclosure of any such loans or interests in loans in which it has invested. 

The Fund s Board of Trustees (the Board has the authority to modify or waive certain of the Fund s operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without investor approval, the effects of which may be adverse to the Fund s business and impact its ability to make distributions. 

The Fund cannot guarantee that it will achieve investment results that will allow it to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. 

Widespread disease, pandemics and epidemics, and natural or environmental disasters have been and can be highly disruptive to economies and markets and may have a materially adverse impact on the Fund s financial condition and results of operations. 

2 

Risks Relating to the Fund s Investments 
 We generally will not control our portfolio companies and our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky. 

Portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, and there is no restriction on the amount of debt a portfolio company can incur. 

Of paramount concern in originating loans is the possibility of material misrepresentation or omission on the part of borrowers or guarantors. 

We will be exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and adversely affect our operating results. 

Risks Relating to Certain Regulatory and Tax Matters 
 If the Fund does not maintain its status as a BDC, the Fund would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act which would significantly decrease its operating flexibility. 

Any new or changed U.S. federal, state, and local laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Fund s business. 

The inability of the Fund or the Adviser to obtain necessary licenses or authorizations, the structuring of an investment in an inefficient or otherwise disadvantageous manger, or changes in licensing requirements, could adversely affect the Fund s ability to implement its investment program and achieve its intended results. 

Any significant changes in governmental policies could have a material adverse impact on the Fund and its investments. 

Under certain circumstances it would be possible for the Fund to obtain a controlling interest in certain portfolio companies, thus, the Fund could be treated as a single employer with one or more of its portfolio companies for purposes of controlled group rules under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

If we do not qualify for or maintain regulated investment company RIC tax treatment and are subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. 

The Fund expects to invest in debt securities that are rated below investment grade or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated, which may present special tax issues. 

Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (fidcredit.com) as a channel of distribution of Fund information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases and SEC filings. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this Annual Report. 
 3 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Our Company 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund is a Delaware statutory trust that was formed on March 23, 2022. The Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). The Fund is externally managed by Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC FDS or the Adviser ), which is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and an affiliate of FMR LLC FMR and its subsidiaries. The Fund intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company RIC as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had not commenced operations. 
 Our investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Fund will achieve these objectives primarily through directly originated loans to private companies but also with liquid credit investments, like broadly syndicated loans, and other select Private Credit (as defined below) investments. We will generally seek to invest in loans that carry variable i.e. , floating interest rates. The majority of the Fund s investments will be loans targeted at private U.S. operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or registered under the Exchange Act, and public U.S. operating companies having a market capitalization of less than 250,000,000. The Fund may also invest to a lesser degree in non-U.S. companies. Specific investments may include: (a) directly originated first lien loans, senior secured revolving lines of credit, term loans and delayed draw term loans, (b) directly originated second lien, last out senior, secured or unsecured mezzanine term loans and delayed draw term loans, (c) club deals (investments generally comprised from a small group of lenders), and broadly syndicated leveraged loans (investments generally arranged or underwritten by investment banks or other intermediaries), and (d) other debt (collectively referred to as Private Credit ). We may also invest to a lesser degree in equity linked instruments (may include debt with warrants, preferred equity investments, or equity co-investments). The Adviser may lead and structure the transaction as sole-lender, as the agent of a club credit facility (a group of similar direct lenders that invest in the same tranches), or may participate as a non-agent investor in a large club or syndicated transactions. 
 Most of the debt instruments we invest in will be unrated or rated below investment grade, which is often an indication of size, credit worthiness and speculative nature relative to the capacity of the borrower to pay interest and principal. Generally, if our unrated investments were rated, they would be rated below investment grade. These securities, which are often referred to as junk or high yield , have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. They may also be difficult to value and are illiquid. 
 Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80 of its total assets in Private Credit. If the Fund changes its 80 test, the Fund will provide shareholders with at least 60 days prior notice of such change. The Fund will also invest at least 70 of its total assets in investments that meet regulatory requirements of the BDC structure, which will generally include investments in companies that are generally private and may be backed by private equity sponsors (each, a Sponsor and collectively, Sponsors but may also include investments in small capitalization public companies or companies that are backed by a non-private equity sponsor ownership group. The Adviser will directly originate credit opportunities from a large universe of Sponsors, intermediaries and other direct lenders, as well as internal Fidelity resources. 
 The Fund may enter into hedging transactions, which may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of the Fund s portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. The Fund may also receive or purchase warrants or rights. 
 The Fund will borrow money for investment and cash management purposes. In determining whether to borrow money, the Fund will analyze the financial flexibility, maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to the Fund s investment outlook. The use of borrowed funds to make investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds would be borne by the shareholders indirectly through their interests in the Fund. 
 We are currently offering on a continuous basis up to 1,000,000,000 of our common shares of beneficial interest (the Common Shares ). We expect to offer to sell any combination of three classes of Common Shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees. Until the release of proceeds from escrow, the per share purchase price for Common Shares in our primary offering will be 25.00 per share. Thereafter, the purchase price per share for each class of 
 4 

Common Shares will equal our net asset value NAV per share, as of the effective date of the monthly share purchase date. Fidelity Distributors Company LLC, the managing dealer (the Managing Dealer for our offering, will use its best efforts to sell shares, but is not obligated to purchase or sell any specific amount of shares in our offering. 
 We will accept purchase orders and hold investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until we receive purchase orders for at least 100,000,000, in any combination of purchases of Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares and our Board of Trustees (the Board has authorized the release to us of funds in the escrow account. 
 On September 16, 2022, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 80 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. On March 13, 2023, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 1,280,002 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. 
 As of March 13, 2023, the Fund satisfied the minimum offering requirement, and the Fund s Board of Trustees authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. On March 13, 2023, the Fund issued and sold 4,084,372 shares (consisting of 4,084,372 Class I shares; no Class S or D shares were issued or sold as of such date), and the escrow agent released net proceeds of approximately 102 million to the Fund as payment for such shares. 
 The Adviser and the Administrator 
 The Fund s investment activities will be managed by our Adviser. Our Adviser is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, determining value of Fund investments, structuring investments and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. FDS is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR. FDS is also registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, as a commodity pool operator and a commodity trading adviser and is a member of the National Futures Association. FDS leverages the resources of the entire Fidelity organization Fidelity Investments or Fidelity in managing the Fund. 
 FDS provides or oversees the performance of administrative and compliance services (in such capacity the Administrator ). 
 FMR is the ultimate parent company of FDS. At present, the primary business activities of FMR and its subsidiaries are: (i) the provision of investment advisory, management, shareholder, investment information and assistance and certain fiduciary services for individual and institutional investors; (ii) the provision of securities brokerage services; (iii) the management and development of real estate; and (iv) the investment in and operation of a number of emerging businesses. 
 Market Opportunity 
 The private credit market has grown tenfold since the great financial crisis of 2007 to 2009 (the Great Financial Crisis and is projected to grow double-digit percentages in the near future. The consolidation of regional U.S. banks following the financial crisis and the enhanced regulations introduced by the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), resulted in larger banks decreasing their willingness to issue and hold loans to middle-market companies, thus fueling the growth of direct lending. Direct lending is a subset of private credit and is frequently compared to its main credit alternatives including the leverage loans or broadly syndicate loans and high yield market. More recently, demand has been driven by key characteristics of the asset class summarized below. 
 Large and growing market : Fidelity research estimates the U.S. private credit market is at approximately 1.5 trillion (AUM) and finances mergers and acquisitions, recapitalization and refinance activity for the 200,000 middle market businesses that operate in the U.S. according to the National Center for the Middle Market. Private equity investing activity drives a significant portion of this volume. 

The private credit market has expanded into areas traditionally served by the leverage loan and high yield markets : According to LCD and ICE BAML, from 2002 to 2022, the share of leverage loans with an issue size below 500,000,000 has declined from 49 to 7 , and similarly from 2002 to 2022, the share of high yield loans with an issue size below 500,000,000 has declined from 72 to 18 , respectively. In both cases, the direct lending loans are now regularly filling this gap for loans up to 500,000,000 and larger. 

Floating rate debt that provides a hedge against rising rates : The majority of direct lending investments are floating rate instruments so over time returns increase as interest rates rise. 

5 

Predominantly senior secured positions that sit at the top of the capital structure : Direct lending investments offer enhanced collateral and covenant protections compared to the leveraged loans and high yield market that contribute to lower historical loss rates. 

Direct access to the Sponsors and ownership groups improves information flow : For direct lending investments, the sourcing and due diligence ties directly to the Sponsor or ownership group, so lenders have efficient access to information (frequently monthly financials vs. quarterly), can complete comprehensive and high-quality diligence, and develop bespoke financing solutions that better serve the needs of the middle-market companies. 

The foregoing information is with respect to past performance of certain markets and indices, only, and does not reflect the actual or expected performance of the Fund. There can be no guarantee that the Fund will achieve results resembling these metrics or that market circumstances in the future will be comparable. 
 Potential Competitive Strengths 
 Founded in 1946, Fidelity has been known for its professional money management and comprehensive client services. Fidelity is one of the world s largest providers of financial services with assets under administration of 10.3 trillion, including managed assets of 3.9 trillion as of December 31, 2022. The portfolio management team has extensive experience in middle market lending and has sourced, underwritten and/or managed diverse credit and lending teams in a variety of market environments from the nascent cash flow lending markets of the early 2000 s, through the Great Financial Crisis, during the recovery and growth of the 2010 s, and during the recent pandemic related disruptions. The Adviser emphasizes a consistent and disciplined underwriting process which is the foundation for its approach to portfolio construction. Leveraging proprietary research insights and performing granular credit and loan to value analysis for each investment are core tenets of the Adviser s credit philosophy. Focusing on capital preservation and minimizing volatility, the Adviser seeks to employ the same underwriting, due diligence and the Adviser s Direct Lending Investment Committee Direct Lending Investment Committee approval process for every investment. The Adviser believes that Fidelity s history and scale, combined with the portfolio management team s experience and strategy enable it to compete across the credit spectrum in the middle market. The Adviser s specific areas of differentiation that drive its competitive advantages are below: 
 Fidelity s multi-decade history and substantial scale in the credit markets: Fidelity has operated through the last twelve recessions, numerous crises, expansions and contractions during its 75-year history. Active in the credit markets since 1971, Fidelity has over 600 billion of credit investments under management as of December 31, 2022. Fidelity also offered its first high yield bond fund in 1977 and was the first mutual fund company to offer an open-ended fund focused on leverage loans in 2000. 

Dedicated team of seasoned middle market credit investors : The portfolio management team is comprised of professionals that have spent their entire careers in middle market lending. The portfolio managers average more than 20 years of experience, and the portfolio management team s capabilities include sourcing, underwriting and executing on middle market loans, and most importantly, actively managing credit portfolios through multiple cycles. This includes experience managing companies during periods of growth and distress including restructurings and bankruptcies, providing valuable foresight as the Direct Lending Investment Committee evaluates and approves new opportunities. The Adviser maintains in-depth oversight throughout the investment process and instills the culture of intense focus on capital preservation and hands-on portfolio management with a focus on proper risk mitigation throughout the life of an investment. 

Ability to operate at scale across the entire lending landscape: The Adviser seeks to offer compelling financing solutions for creditworthy issuers regardless of company size. This increases the opportunity set for the Fund and promotes the Adviser s selective investment approach, while providing reliable financing to companies as they scale. The Adviser s ability to offer attractive financing proposals for small to mid-market businesses as well as upper middle market companies also deepens the relationship with Sponsors, a source of investment opportunities for the Adviser. The Adviser intends to target issuers that the Adviser considers to be high quality regardless of size and provide financing structures that afford attractive risk adjusted returns for the Fund. 

Access to proprietary credit and equity research platform creates efficient and differentiated diligence: As part of Fidelity, the Adviser has access to FMR s extensive research platform that allows the Adviser to make more informed and efficient investment decisions. FMR has over 350 research professionals in North America, Europe and Asia that cover equities, fixed income and high yield markets. As part of the due diligence and underwriting process for each potential investment, the Adviser intends to review and analyze relevant FMR industry research and engage directly with the industry analysts. Using the proprietary insights, the Adviser expects to improve portfolio construction and risk mitigation, allowing it to potentially (i) gain conviction on investments or (ii) avoid investments that have subtle industry headwinds or competitive pressures, that might otherwise appear attractive. In addition to the portfolio 

6 

management team s independent industry analysis and broad experience lending to middle market businesses, the Adviser s access to proprietary Fidelity research differentiates the platform and, we believe, translates into more efficient and informed decision making. 

Disciplined, consistent underwriting process with risk adjusted approach: The Adviser employs a consistent and rigorous due diligence and underwriting process to assess each investment. Investments are reviewed in deal team structures where all investment professionals have overlapping responsibilities which is expected to improve process oversight and risk mitigation. The Adviser s philosophy and investment approach has been informed by the portfolio management team s extensive experience lending to middle market companies and utilizes a bottoms-up credit approach, with the primary focus being return of capital. For each potential investment, the Adviser will actively engage with company management and ownership and complete detailed credit and valuation analysis. While the Adviser will independently determine an investment thesis and identify key risks, the Adviser also benefits from significant third-party diligence commissioned for the majority of investments. Credit and valuation analysis are synthesized by the Adviser to determine the appropriate leverage and return profile, to ensure there is sufficient downside protection and risk is properly rewarded. Investments will be formally presented to the Adviser s Direct Lending Investment Committee twice at a minimum before final approval to invest is granted. 

The Board of Trustees 
 Overall responsibility for the Fund s oversight rests with the Board of Trustees. We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser will manage the Fund on a day-to-day basis. The Board is responsible for overseeing the Adviser and other service providers in our operations in accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Fund s bylaws and applicable provisions of state and other laws. The Adviser will keep the Board well informed as to the Adviser s activities on our behalf and our investment operations and provide the Board with additional information as the Board may, from time to time, request. The Trustees are experienced executives who meet periodically throughout the year to oversee the Fund s activities, including, among other things, the oversight of our investment activities, the valuation of our assets, review of contractual arrangements with companies that provide services to the Fund, oversight of our financing arrangements and corporate governance activities. The Board is currently composed of four members, three of whom are Trustees who are not interested persons of the Fund or the Adviser as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Investment Selection 
 One of the critical success factors in private credit is access to a deep pipeline of investment opportunities. Based on the portfolio management team s extensive experience, the Adviser intends to employ a multi-faceted approach to sourcing transactions through a large network of private equity firms, intermediaries, as well as other direct lending firms. The Adviser believes that Fidelity s scale and track record in the liquid markets, combined with the portfolio management team s long tenure in direct lending, will provide unique and rich access to high credit quality investment opportunities. 
 Private equity acquisition activity drives a substantial amount of private credit volume in the middle-market, and Fidelity has longstanding relationships with a diverse set of Sponsors that invest across a broad set of industries, geographies and business models. The Adviser expects to enhance these relationships and bolster its sourcing efforts with its differentiated and efficient credit review process that is honed by a team of experienced credit professionals. 
 Lastly, Fidelity s existing relationships with liquid issuers, some of which are owned by the same mix of Sponsors, and size in the liquid markets, provide the Adviser with differentiated investment opportunities. The Adviser can leverage these relationships to provide value-added capabilities and better execution on loans in the liquid markets, which can translate into a more robust pipeline of private credit investment opportunities for the Fund. 
 The Adviser seeks to employ a disciplined and rigorous process for all credit investments, which includes the following key features: 
 Underwriting the borrower: Performing detailed credit and valuation analysis; analyzing historical trends and business drivers; assessing management; and developing a deep understanding of the business operations and cost structure. 

Analyzing the industry : Leveraging Fidelity s broad research and analysts platform and Sponsor provided third party industry studies (when available) to uncover macro and micro industry forces; understanding the competitive dynamics and market forces; validating the growth and outlook; and assessing public and private competitors. 

7 

Underwriting the Sponsor or ownership group : Evaluating investment performance; understanding track record and willingness to invest follow-on capital in times of stress; assessing available dry powder, due diligence quality and relevant sector expertise. 

Confirming investment thesis : Validating the sustainability of competitive advantages, revenues and margins; confirming diversity of products, customers, services, suppliers and institutionalized value. 

Evaluating the credit structure : Analyzing ability to repay debt; performing loan-to-value analysis and downside case scenarios; and evaluating appropriate risk and reward for a proposed investment. 

During the credit underwriting process, the deal team will compile and present diligence findings to the Adviser s Direct Lending Investment Committee at least once before issuing a term sheet and a second time before closing. The Adviser s focus is on downside protection so the deal team and Direct Lending Investment Committee are expected to spend substantial time understanding and validating various downside scenarios, exit options, and structural protections in each and every investment seeking to ensure adequate cushion. 
 Following the closing of an investment, one or several members of the deal team that originated the loan on behalf of the Fund are expected to manage the portfolio moving forward. As part of the portfolio management process, the investment professional seeks to assess liquidity needs daily or weekly, evaluate financial performance on a monthly basis for the majority of accounts (a minority may only report quarterly), scrutinize financial covenant calculations on a quarterly basis (if applicable) and maintain frequent dialogue with the company management and Sponsor regarding company performance, strategic initiatives, acquisitions or other business items. 
 Portfolio Monitoring and Risk Management 
 The Adviser has a strong culture focused on risk management, with significant dedicated resources committed to that effort. The Adviser firmly believes that one of the most powerful risk management tools occurs at the individual investment level. The regular monitoring of a portfolio s investments seeks to ensure that the risk/return ratio has not become unfavorable to help avoid unnecessary capital losses, and the Adviser believes it is a key component to positive long-term performance. Frequent monitoring and oversight are conducted by the portfolio managers to ensure that each position is still an attractive investment. At the portfolio level, the portfolio managers ensure that the overall risk profile, diversification, and positioning is consistent with the Fund s objectives. There is also considerable executive oversight with regular, systematic portfolio reviews with senior management. 
 Systems and technology play a critical role in portfolio monitoring and risk management. The Adviser s proprietary systems enable research professionals to get real-time access to risk measures and exposures across multiple dimensions, among other things. Compliance modules are also systematically linked to the trading platform as another mechanism to minimize risk. 
 Risk management efforts are further bolstered by various additional teams of resources. For example, a dedicated compliance team monitors all portfolios and investment professionals; a dedicated counterparty risk team monitors all trading and business counterparties; and a dedicated legal team is able to support the Adviser across a variety of legal questions. 
 Warehouse Investments 
 The Fund has entered into multiple Purchase Agreements with Macquarie Bank Limited and certain of its affiliates (the Financing Provider ). Under the Purchase Agreements, the Fund has forward obligations to settle the purchase of certain investments (the Warehouse Investments from the Financing Provider, who is obligated to settle the sale of such investments subject to the following conditions: (a) that the Fund has received subscriptions of at least 100,000,000; and (b) that the Board has approved the launch of the Fund and the purchase of the Warehouse Investments (collectively, the Warehousing Conditions ). The Warehouse Investments primarily consist of newly originated, privately negotiated senior secured term loans to middle market companies consistent with the Fund s investment strategy. 
 After we meet the Warehousing Conditions, we will be obligated to purchase the Warehouse Investments from the Financing Provider at the prices determined under the Purchase Agreements. As a general matter, the price we pay to purchase any Warehouse Investments will be the cash amount paid by the Financing Provider, subject to a reduction for income actually received by such Financing Provider during the warehousing period and an increase for a financing fee to be paid by the Fund to the Financing Provider. As of December 31, 2022, the Warehousing Conditions were not met. 
 8 

Each of the Warehouse Investments that the Financing Provider has purchased to date was purchased pursuant to a request that we made prior to our election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. After we elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, (i) we will not enter into any additional Warehouse Investments pursuant to the Purchase Agreements; (ii) we will purchase already-existing Warehouse Investments from the Financing Provider only to the extent that we have sufficient assets to purchase all of the Warehouse Investments whole i.e. , not on a pro rata basis); (iii) we will impose on ourselves a requirement not an option to purchase already-existing Warehouse Investments from the Financing Provider at such time as we raise sufficient assets to purchase all of the Warehouse Investments whole; and (iv) we will treat our forward obligation to purchase Warehouse Investments from the Financing Provider once the requirement to purchase already-existing Warehouse Investments is triggered as subject to the asset coverage requirements set forth in Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act. Additionally, we note that we may not rely on the exemptive order from the SEC that permits us to co-invest with certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates with respect to Warehouse Investments that we purchase from the Financing Provider under the Purchase Agreements. 
 Direct Lending Investment Committee 
 The investment activities of the Fund are under the direction of the Direct Lending Investment Committee and the Board. The Direct Lending Investment Committee is currently comprised of the Fund s three portfolio managers, David Gaito, Therese Icuss and Jeffrey Scott. Additionally, the President of Fidelity Investments High Income and Alternatives Group (the High Income and Alternatives Group ), and the Chief Investment Officer of the High Income and Alternatives Group meet with the Direct Lending team frequently to discuss the pipeline of opportunities and they have the authority to decline any opportunity at any point at their discretion. The day-to-day activities of the Fund are overseen by the Fund s portfolio managers, each of which is an officer or employee of the Adviser or its affiliate. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities 
 General 
 The Adviser and its affiliates provide investment management services to registered investment companies, investment funds, client accounts and proprietary accounts that may be established from time to time. 
 The Adviser will share any investment and sale opportunities with its other clients and the Fund in accordance with the Advisers Act and firm-wide allocation policies. Subject to the Advisers Act and as further set forth in this Form 10-K, certain other clients may receive certain priority or other allocation rights with respect to certain investments, subject to various conditions set forth in such other clients respective governing agreements. 
 The Adviser s policies will seek to ensure the equitable allocation of such investment opportunities among us and other clients over time. In cases where an investment may potentially be appropriate for several clients, the Adviser makes a determination of the appropriateness of the investment opportunity for a particular client and allocates an investment opportunity among eligible clients based on a variety of factors related to each such client the Adviser deems relevant (including, without limitation, the client s investment objectives and focus, available capital, the client s existing portfolio, portfolio company restrictions, targeted rate of return, minimum and maximum investment size requirements, transaction structure, cash flow considerations, risk considerations, tax implications, criteria established by the Board Board-Established Criteria (if any), legal and regulatory requirements, whether a related investment opportunity has already been made available to the client, investment limitations and other factors). In cases where an investment opportunity is being evaluated on behalf of, and may be appropriate for, both us and another client and falls outside of the allocation methodology, the Adviser will generally consult with an allocation, conflicts or similar internal committee or sub-committee to decide on an appropriate allocation of a particular investment opportunity as between us and such other client, which may take into account, among other things, the factors discussed above. 
 In addition, as a BDC regulated under the 1940 Act, the Fund is subject to certain limitations relating to co-investments and joint transactions with affiliates, which are likely in certain circumstances to limit the Fund s ability to make investments or enter into other transactions alongside other clients. 
 Trade Aggregation and Allocation 
 Allocation of investment instruments that are traded by FMR s High Income, Fixed Income or Equity trading desks are governed by the respective trade allocation policies reasonably designed to seek to ensure that clients are not disadvantaged in the aggregation and allocation of securities over time. To the extent a particular investment in a liquid credit instrument (e.g., broadly syndicated loan), is suitable for both us and other clients, it is the practice of the Adviser, when appropriate, to bunch orders of 
 9 

various accounts, including those of us and the other clients and, in certain instances, proprietary accounts of the Adviser or its affiliates, for order entry and execution. Bunched orders may be executed through one or more broker-dealers. The allotment of trades among brokers is based on a variety of factors, which may include price, order size, the time of order, the security and market activity. A bunched trade executed with a particular broker is generally allocated pro rata among the accounts that are participating in the bunched trade until any account has been filled, after which the trade is allocated pro rata among the remaining accounts. Each broker s execution of a bunched order may be at a price different from another broker s bunched order execution price for the same security. Simultaneous portfolio transactions for us and one or more other clients may decrease the prices received and increase the prices required to be paid by us for sales and purchases. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates that execute trades on behalf of us and other clients have established allocation policies for their various accounts (including proprietary accounts) and securities types e.g. , equity, fixed income, and high income) to ensure allocations are appropriate given the clients differing investment objectives and other considerations. These policies also apply to initial and secondary offerings. When, in the opinion of the executing party, the supply or demand is insufficient under the circumstances to satisfy all outstanding trade orders, across all securities types the amount executed generally is distributed among participating accounts based on account asset size (for purchases), and security position size (for sales), or otherwise according to the allocation policies. With limited exceptions, the trading systems contain rules that allocate trades on an automated basis in accordance with these policies. Generally, any exceptions to these policies i.e. , special allocations) must be approved by senior trading and compliance personnel and documented. 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 We and the Adviser have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons in negotiated transactions, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Fund s Board may establish Board-Established Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Fund will have the opportunity to participate with other public or private affiliated funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board-Established Criteria, the Adviser must offer an opportunity for the Fund to participate. We may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether the Adviser determines that the investment is appropriate for the Fund e.g. , based on investment strategy). The co-investment would generally be allocated to us and the other affiliated funds that target similar assets in accordance with allocation policies and procedures described above. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 Competition 
 The business of investing in debt investments is highly competitive and involves a high degree of uncertainty. Market competition for investment opportunities includes traditional lending institutions, including commercial and investment banks, as well as a growing number of non-traditional participants, such as hedge funds, private equity funds, mezzanine funds, and other private investors, as well as BDCs, and debt-focused competitors, such as issuers of collateralized loan obligations CLOs and other structured loan funds. In addition, given the Fund s target investment size and investment type, the Adviser expects a large number of competitors for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may have access to greater amounts of capital and to capital that may be committed for longer periods of time or may have different return thresholds than the Fund, and thus these competitors may have advantages not shared by the Fund. In addition, competitors may have incurred, or may in the future incur, leverage to finance their debt investments at levels or on terms more favorable than those available to the Fund. Furthermore, competitors may offer loan terms that are more favorable to borrowers, such as less onerous borrower financial and other covenants, borrower rights to cure defaults, and other terms more favorable to borrowers than current or historical norms. Strong competition for investments could result in fewer investment opportunities for the Fund, as certain of these competitors have established or are establishing investment vehicles that target the same or similar investments that the Fund intends to purchase. 
 Over the past several years, many investment funds have been formed with investment objectives similar to those of the Fund, and many such existing funds have grown in size and have added larger successor funds to their platform. These and other investors may make competing offers for investment opportunities identified by the Adviser which may affect the Fund s ability to participate in attractive investment opportunities and/or cause the Fund to incur additional risks when competing for investment opportunities. Moreover, identifying attractive investment opportunities is difficult and involves a high degree of uncertainty. The Adviser may identify an investment that presents an attractive investment opportunity but may not be able to complete such investment in a manner that meets the objectives of the Fund. The Fund may incur significant expenses in connection with the identification of investment opportunities and investigating other potential investments that are ultimately not consummated, including expenses related to due diligence, transportation and legal, accounting and other professional services as well as the fees of other third-party advisers. 
 10 

Non-Exchange Traded, Perpetual-Life BDC 
 The Fund is non-exchange traded, meaning its shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and a perpetual-life BDC, meaning it is an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose Common Shares are intended to be sold by the BDC monthly on a continuous basis at a price generally equal to the BDC s monthly NAV per share. In our perpetual-life structure, we may, at our discretion, offer investors an opportunity to repurchase their shares on a quarterly basis, but we are not obligated to offer to repurchase any in any particular quarter. We believe that our perpetual nature enables us to execute a patient and opportunistic strategy and be able to invest across different market environments. This may reduce the risk of the Fund being a forced seller of assets in market downturns compared to non-perpetual funds. While we may consider a liquidity event at any time in the future, we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our charter or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and disclosure requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 
 have an auditor attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; or 

disclose certain executive compensation related items, such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies. This means that an emerging growth company can delay adopting certain accounting standards until such standards are otherwise applicable to private companies. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of: (1) the last date of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of 1,235,000,000 or more; (2) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or (3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 We do not believe that being an emerging growth company will have a significant impact on our business or our offering. We have elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards available to emerging growth companies. Also, because we are not a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer under Section 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and will not be for so long as our Common Shares are not traded on a securities exchange, we will not be subject to auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act even once we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by the Adviser and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for the salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Adviser, we do not expect to include disclosures relating to executive compensation in our periodic reports or proxy statements and, as a result, do not expect to be required to seek shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachute compensation arrangements pursuant to Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act. 
 Employees 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administrator or its affiliates pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers is employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations will be managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the sourcing and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by the Adviser or 
 11 

its affiliates. The portfolio management team will focus on origination, non-originated investments and transaction development and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. 
 Regulation as a BDC 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material prohibitions and descriptions governing BDCs generally. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 Qualifying Assets . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than Qualifying Assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the Fund s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an Eligible Portfolio Company (as defined below), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an Eligible Portfolio Company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An Eligible Portfolio Company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

(c) satisfies any of the following: 

(i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

(ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250,000,000; 

(iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies, including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the Eligible Portfolio Company; or 

(iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4,000,000 and capital and surplus of not less than 2,000,000. 

(2) Securities of any Eligible Portfolio Company controlled by the Fund. 

(3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) Securities of an Eligible Portfolio Company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the Fund already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the Eligible Portfolio Company. 

(5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 12 

Significant Managerial Assistance . A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as Qualifying Assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its trustees, officers, service providers e.g. , the Adviser) or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. 
 Temporary Investments . Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets (including directly originated loans and broadly syndicated loans, as described above), our investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets would be Qualifying Assets. 
 Warrants . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of shares that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase shares cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares. 
 Leverage and Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio . We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares senior to our Common Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, would at least equal 150 immediately after each such issuance. On September 16, 2022, our sole shareholder approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. As defined in the 1940 Act, asset coverage of 150 means that for every 100 of net assets we hold, we may raise 200 from borrowing and issuing senior securities. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we will be required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We will also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. 
 We intend to establish one or more credit facilities and/or subscription facilities or enter into other financing arrangements to facilitate investments and the timely payment of our expenses. It is anticipated that any such credit facilities will bear interest at floating rates at to be determined spreads over an applicable reference rate. We cannot assure shareholders that we will be able to enter into a credit facility. Shareholders will indirectly bear the costs associated with any borrowings under a credit facility or otherwise. In connection with a credit facility or other borrowings, lenders may require us to pledge assets, commitments and/or drawdowns (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof) and may ask to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. In addition, from time to time, our losses on leveraged investments may result in the liquidation of other investments held by us and may result in additional drawdowns to repay such amounts. 
 We may enter into total return swap TRS agreements. A TRS is a contract in which one party agrees to make periodic payments to another party based on the change in the market value of the assets underlying the TRS, which may include a specified security, basket of securities or securities indices during a specified period, in return for periodic payments based on a fixed or variable interest rate. A TRS effectively adds leverage to a portfolio by providing investment exposure to a security or market without owning or taking physical custody of such security or investing directly in such market. Because of the unique structure of a TRS, a TRS often offers lower financing costs than are offered through more traditional borrowing arrangements. The Fund would typically have to post collateral to cover this potential obligation. To the extent the Fund segregates liquid assets with a value equal (on a daily mark-to-market basis) to its obligations under TRS transactions, enters into offsetting transactions or otherwise covers such TRS transactions in accordance with applicable SEC guidance, the leverage incurred through TRS will not be considered a borrowing for purposes of the Fund s overall leverage limitation. 
 We may also create leverage by securitizing our assets (including in CLOs) and retaining the equity portion of the securitized vehicle. See Risk Factors Forming CLOs Risk . We may also from time to time make secured loans of our marginable securities to brokers, dealers and other financial institutions. 
 13 

Code of Ethics . We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. This code of ethics is available on the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Affiliated Transactions . We may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from conducting certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Trustees who are not interested persons and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. We and the Adviser have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain conditions. 
 Other . We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act. 
 We are also required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we will be prohibited from protecting any Trustee or officer against any liability to our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We are also required to designate a CCO and to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 We are not permitted to change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s shares present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of the offering, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. Immediately after we meet our minimum offering requirement, gross subscription funds will total at least 100,000,000, which will be available to us immediately upon commencing operations. Once our minimum offering requirement has been met, we intend to sell our shares on a continuous monthly basis at a per share price equal to the then-current NAV per share. 
 Our primary uses of cash will be for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and Administrator)), (iii) cost of any borrowings or other financing arrangements and (iv) cash distributions to the holders of our shares. 
 Advisory Agreement 
 The Adviser will provide management services to us pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for the following: 
 determining the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with our investment objective, policies and restrictions; 

identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for us, including negotiating the terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other instruments on our behalf; 

monitoring our investments; 

14 

performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 

exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for us; 

serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of our portfolio companies; 

negotiating, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage; and 

providing us with such other investment advisory and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 

The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities, and it intends to do so, so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 We will pay the Adviser a fee for its services under the Advisory Agreement consisting of two components: a management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the shareholders. 
 Management Fee 
 The management fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, net assets mean the Fund s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). For the first calendar month in which we have operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets as of the date on which the Fund breaks escrow for our offering. 
 The Adviser has agreed to waive all management fees for the first six (6) months following the date on which we break escrow for our offering. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee will consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains, each as described below. 
 The Adviser has agreed to waive the incentive fee based on income for the first six (6) months following the date on which we break escrow for our offering. 
 Incentive Fee Based on Income 
 The portion based on our income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to each class of the Fund s Common Shares. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means dividends, cash interest or other distributions or other cash income and any third-party fees received from portfolio companies such as upfront fees, commitment fees, origination fee, amendment fees, ticking fees and break-up fees, as well as prepayments premiums, but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance and fees earned by the Adviser or an affiliate accrued during the month, minus operating expenses for the month (including the management fee, taxes, any expenses payable under the Advisory Agreement and an administration agreement with our administrator, any expense of securitizations, and interest expense or other financing fees and any dividends paid on preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee and shareholder servicing and /or distribution fees). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.00 annualized). 
 15 

We will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to the applicable share class do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized); 

100 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to the applicable share class, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 12.5 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 

12.5 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to the applicable share class, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Adviser. 

Percentage of each Class s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 Allocated to Quarterly Incentive Fee 
 These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. You should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur an overall loss taking into account capital account losses. For example, if we receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. 
 The Adviser has agreed to waive the incentive fee based on income for the first six (6) months following the date on which we break escrow for our offering. 
 Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains 
 The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals: 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains attributable to the applicable share class from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee by the applicable share class for all prior periods. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof. 
 16 

For purposes of computing the Fund s incentive fee on income and the incentive fee on capital gains, the calculation methodology will look through derivative financial instruments or swaps as if we owned the reference assets directly. The fees that are payable under the Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 Board Approval of the Advisory Agreement 
 At its August 2022 meeting, the Board voted to approve the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement with FDS for the Fund. The Board, assisted by the advice of Fund counsel and Independent Trustees counsel, considered a broad range of information. At its September 2022, November 2022 and February 2023 meetings, the Board approved amendments to the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement that reflect state regulatory comments and a change in the Fund s name. The Board noted that the amendments did not have any material impact on the terms of the contracts or the factors the Board previously considered in approving them. 
 Nature, Extent, and Quality of Services Provided 
 The Board considered Fidelity s staffing as it relates to the Fund, including the backgrounds of investment personnel of Fidelity, and also considered the Fund s investment objective, strategies, and related investment philosophy. 
 Resources Dedicated to Investment Management and Support Services. The Board reviewed the general qualifications and capabilities of Fidelity s investment staff, including its size, education, experience, and resources, as well as Fidelity s approach to training and managing investment personnel. The Board noted the resources devoted to Fidelity s global investment organization and that Fidelity s analysts have extensive resources, tools and capabilities that allow them to conduct sophisticated quantitative and fundamental analysis, as well as credit analysis of issuers, counterparties and guarantors. Further, the Board considered that Fidelity s investment professionals have sufficient access to global information and data so as to provide competitive investment results over time, and that those professionals also have access to sophisticated tools that permit them to assess portfolio construction and risk and performance attribution characteristics continuously, as well as to transmit new information and research conclusions rapidly around the world. Additionally, in its deliberations, the Board considered Fidelity s trading, risk management, compliance, cybersecurity, and technology and operations capabilities and resources, which are integral parts of the investment management process. 

Shareholder and Administrative Services. The Board considered the nature, extent, quality, and cost of advisory, administrative, and shareholder services to be performed by Fidelity under the Advisory Agreement and under separate agreements covering transfer agency, pricing and bookkeeping services for the Fund. The Board also considered the nature and extent of the supervision of third-party service providers, principally custodians, subcustodians, and pricing vendors. 

The Board noted that the growth of Fund assets over time across the complex allows Fidelity to reinvest in the development of services designed to enhance the value and convenience of the Fidelity funds as investment vehicles. These services include 24-hour access to account information and market information over the internet and through telephone representatives, investor education materials and asset allocation tools. 
 Investment Performance . The Fund is a new fund and therefore had no historical performance for the Board to review at the time it approved the Fund s Advisory Agreement. 

Based on its review, the Board concluded that the nature, extent, and quality of services to be provided to the Fund under the Advisory Agreement should benefit the shareholders of the Fund. 
 Competitiveness of Management Fee and Total Expense Ratio 
 In reviewing the Advisory Agreement, the Board considered the Fund s proposed management fee rate and the projected total expense ratio of Class I Common shares of the Fund. The Board noted that there is a limited number of public, unlisted competitors against which to assess the competitiveness of the Fund s fees. Fidelity identified a small number of key competitor funds that are similar to the Fund. The Board noted that the Fund s proposed management fee matches the contractual base management fee rate of the key competitors. The Board also noted that projected total expenses for Class I shares, a representative class of the Fund, are above those of its key competitors. The Board noted the difficulty in comparing total expense ratios across the key competitors due to varying incentive fees, interest expense on borrowed funds, operating expenses, and the extent of expense reimbursement. The Board noted that the Fund s Advisory Agreement also includes an incentive fee that is charged based both on income and on realized capital gains, but, recognizing that the Fund is a new fund and therefore had no 
 17 

historical income or realized capital gains upon which to evaluate the effect of the incentive fee, noted that it would be able to evaluate the effects of the incentive fee in connection with future renewals of the Fund s Advisory Agreement. The Board noted that the Fund is contractually limiting certain fund-level operating expenses to 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s NAV. 
 
 The Board also noted that FDS has contractually agreed to waive the management fee and income component of the incentive fee of the Fund for six months from the date the Fund breaks escrow. 
 
 Based on its review, the Board concluded that the Fund s management fee and the projected total expense ratio of Class I shares of the Fund were reasonable in light of the services that the Fund and its shareholders will receive and the other factors considered. 
 Costs of the Services and Profitability 
 The Fund is a new fund and therefore no revenue, cost, or profitability data was available for the Board to review in respect of the Fund at the time it approved the Advisory Agreement. In connection with its future renewal of the Fund s Advisory Agreement, the Board will consider the revenues earned and the expenses incurred by Fidelity in conducting the business of developing, marketing, distributing, managing, administering and servicing the Fund and servicing the Fund s shareholders. 
 Economies of Scale 
 The Board will consider economies of scale when there is operating experience to permit assessment thereof. It noted that, notwithstanding the entrepreneurial risk associated with a new fund, the management fee was at a level normally associated, by comparison with competitors, with very high fund net assets, and Fidelity asserted to the Board that the level of the fee anticipated economies of scale at lower asset levels even before, if ever, economies of scale are achieved. The Board also noted that the Fund and its shareholders would have access to the very considerable number and variety of services available through Fidelity and its affiliates. 
 
 Based on its evaluation of all of the conclusions noted above, and after considering all factors it believed relevant, the Board concluded that the advisory fee arrangements are fair and reasonable, and that the Fund s Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement should be approved. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services necessary for the fund operations, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of our other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC and other regulators, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of our Board, managing the payment of expenses, the payment and receipt of funds for investments and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. In consideration of the administrative services provided by the Administrator to the Fund, the Fund pays the Administrator a monthly fee of 0.02666 (0.32 on an annualized basis) of the Fund s month-end net asset value and reimburses the Administrator for the costs and expenses of the Fund incurred by the Administrator. The fee paid to the Administrator is an expense paid out of the Fund s net assets and is computed based on the value of the net assets of the Fund as of the close of business on the last business day of each month (including any assets in respect of Common Shares that are repurchased as of the end of the quarter). 
 From time to time, FDS, in its capacity as both the Adviser and the Administrator or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. Unless such expenses are specifically assumed by the Adviser, Administrator or its affiliates under the Advisory Agreement or Administration Agreement, the Fund will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Fund s behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. 
 Costs and expenses of FDS in its capacity as both the Administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 
 18 

Certain Terms of the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement 
 Each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first becomes effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the Independent Trustees. We may terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 60 days written notice, and the Administration Agreement upon 120 days written notice, without payment of any penalty. The decision to terminate either agreement may be made by a majority of the Board or the shareholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting securities, which means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (2) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities. In addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 120 days written notice and the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement upon 120 days written notice. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. 
 FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, respectively, relate, provided that FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which it would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations disabling conduct ). Each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement provide that, absent disabling conduct, FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and as the Administrator) and their officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with either of them (collectively, the Indemnified Parties will be entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of FDS s services under the Advisory Agreement and FDS s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as adviser or administrator for us. FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) shall not be liable under their respective agreements with us or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) in good faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. In addition, we will not provide for indemnification of an Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnified Party, nor will we provide that an Indemnified Party be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by us, unless: (1) we have determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in our best interest; (2) the Indemnified Party was acting on our behalf or performing services for us; (3) such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator), an affiliate of FDS or one of our officers; and (4) the indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of our net assets and not from our shareholders. 
 Payment of Our Expenses Under the Investment Advisory and Administration Agreements 
 Except as specifically provided below, all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to us, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. We will bear the following costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions: 
 1. investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement; 

2. the fee paid to the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement; and 

3. other expenses of the Fund s operations and transactions. 

From time to time, FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and as the Administrator) or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf that are Fund expenses. From time to time, FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders. 
 19 

Costs and expenses of FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and the Administrator) that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 We have entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement for the first 12 months commencing on the date of the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, the Adviser is obligated to advance all of our Other Operating Expenses (each, a Required Expense Payment to the effect that such expenses do not exceed 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s NAV. Any Required Expense Payment must be paid by the Adviser to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds and/or offset against amounts due from us to the Adviser or its affiliates. Other Operating Expenses means the Fund s organization and offering expenses, professional fees (including accounting, legal and auditing fees), custodian and transfer agent fees, third party valuation agent fees, insurance costs, trustee fees, administration fees and other general and administrative expenses. 
 The Adviser may elect to pay, at such times as the Adviser determines, certain expenses on our behalf (each, a Voluntary Expense Payment and together with a Required Expense Payment, the Expense Payments ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Fund. Any Voluntary Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than 45 days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Fund s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), we shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within 3 years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Fund shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) our net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 No Reimbursement Payment for any month shall be made if: (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share declared by the Fund at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, (2) the Fund s Operating Expense Ratio at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relate, or (3) the Fund s Other Operating Expenses at the time of such Reimbursement Payment exceeds 0.70 of the Fund s net asset value. Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365-day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder servicing fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing Operating Expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to the Adviser, shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees, and interest expense, by the Fund s net assets. Operating Expenses means all of the Fund s operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for investment companies. 
 The Fund s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Fund on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 Distributions 
 We expect to pay regular monthly distributions commencing with the first full calendar quarter after the escrow period concludes. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 20 

Our Board s discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of investment company taxable income. See Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations . 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares and Class I shares, and distributions on Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares), and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). 
 Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees 
 The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees we pay the Managing Dealer with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I on an annualized basis as a percentage of our NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. 

Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee as a of NAV 

Class S shares 

0.85 

Class D shares 

0.25 

Class I shares 

Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation, we will pay a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares, a shareholder servicing fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly. 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The Managing Dealer will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Managing Dealer will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 21 

Share Repurchase Program 
 Beginning no later than the first full calendar quarter from the date on which we break escrow for our offering, and at the discretion of our Board, we intend to commence a share repurchase program in which we intend to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our Common Shares outstanding (by number of shares) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. Our Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. Upon a suspension of our share repurchase program, our Board will consider at least quarterly whether the continued suspension of our share repurchase program remains in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. However, our Board is not required to authorize the recommencement of our share repurchase program within any specified period of time. Our Board may also determine to terminate our share repurchase program if required by applicable law or in connection with a transaction in which our shareholders receive liquidity for their Common Shares, such as a sale or merger of the Fund or listing of our Common Shares on a national securities exchange. 
 We expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers each quarter using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived, at our discretion, in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Fund for the benefit of remaining shareholders. We intend to conduct the repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Investment Valuation 
 The Fund values its investments, upon which its NAV is based, in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act and FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the applicable measurement date. Pursuant to Rule 2a-5, the Board has designated the Fund s Adviser as the valuation designee responsible for valuing all of the Fund s investments, including making fair valuation determinations as needed. The Adviser has established a Fair Value Committee to carry out the day-to-day fair valuation responsibilities and has adopted policies and procedures to govern activities of the Fair Value Committee and the performance of functions required to determine the fair value of a fund s investments in good faith. These functions include periodically assessing and managing material risks associated with fair value determinations, selecting, applying, reviewing, and testing fair value methodologies, monitoring for circumstances that may necessitate the use of fair value, and overseeing and evaluating pricing services used. 
 In accordance with the policies and procedures, which have been approved by the Board, the Fund attempts to obtain prices from one or more third party pricing service or brokers to value its investments. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose current market prices or quotations are not readily available, as will be the case for a substantial portion of the Fund s investments, will be fair valued in good faith by the Fair Value Committee, in accordance with the policies and procedures. Factors used in determining fair value vary by investment type and may include market or investment specific events, transaction data, estimated cash flows, and market observations of comparable investments. In determining fair value of the Fund s loan investments the types of factors that the Fair Value Committee may take into account generally include comparison to publicly-traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of the portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. 
 The Fair Value Committee manages the Fund's fair valuation practices and maintains the fair valuation policies and procedures. To assess the continuing appropriateness of pricing sources and methodologies, the Fair Value Committee regularly performs price verification procedures, engages in oversight activities with respect to third-party pricing sources used and issues challenges as necessary. In addition, the Fair Value Committee may rely on third-party pricing services to verify the fair value determinations of certain investments. The Fund s Adviser reports to the Board information regarding the fair valuation process and related material matters. The Board may determine to modify its designation of the Fund s Adviser as valuation designee, relating to any or all Fund investments, at any time. 
 Valuation techniques used to value the Fund's investments by major category are as follows: 
 Equity securities and other investments, including restricted securities, for which market quotations are readily available, are valued at the last reported sale price or official closing price (in the case of securities and futures) or the mean of the 

22 

closing bid and offer (in the case of options) as reported by a third party pricing service on the primary market or exchange on which they are traded. In the event there were no sales during the day or closing prices are not available, securities are valued at the last quoted bid price or may be valued using the last available price. For foreign equity securities, when market or security specific events arise, comparisons to the valuation of American Depositary Receipts (ADRs), futures contracts, Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) and certain indexes as well as quoted prices for similar securities may be used. For equity securities, including restricted securities, where observable inputs are limited, assumptions about market activity and risk are used. 

Debt securities that are publicly traded, including restricted securities, are valued based on evaluated prices received from third party pricing services or from brokers who make markets in such securities. Preferred securities are valued by pricing services who utilize matrix pricing which considers yield or price of bonds of comparable quality, coupon, maturity and type or by broker-supplied prices. When independent prices are unavailable or unreliable, debt securities may be valued utilizing pricing methodologies which consider similar factors that would be used by third party pricing services. 

Swaps are valued using quotations or evaluated prices received from third party pricing services or recognized dealers. 

Short-term securities with remaining maturities of sixty days or less for which market quotations and information furnished by a pricing service are not readily available may be valued at amortized cost, which approximates current value. 

Investments in open-end investment companies, including the Fidelity Central Funds, are valued at their closing net asset value (NAV) each business day. 

Securities, including private placements or other restricted securities, for which observable inputs are not available are generally valued using one or more valuation methods including the market approach, the income approach and cost approach. The market approach considers factors including the price of recent investments in the same or a similar security or financial metrics of comparable securities. The income approach considers factors including expected future cash flows, security specific risks and corresponding discount rates. The cost approach considers factors including the value of the security's underlying assets and liabilities. 

Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Adviser, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Adviser has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well as a duty to cast votes in the best interest of clients and not subrogate client interests to its own interests. Rule 206(4)-6 under the Advisers Act places specific requirements on registered investment advisers with proxy voting authority. 
 Proxy Policies 
 The Adviser s policies and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that the Adviser votes proxies in the best interest of the Fund and addresses how it will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies and, in so doing, to maximize the value of the investments made by the Fund, taking into consideration the Fund s investment horizons and other relevant factors. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a shareholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by its clients. Although the Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Decisions on how to vote a proxy generally are made by the Adviser. Decisions are based on a number of factors which may vary depending on a proxy s subject matter but are guided by the general policies described in the proxy policy. In addition, the Adviser may determine not to vote a proxy after consideration of the vote s expected benefit to clients and the cost of voting the proxy. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser will require the members of the Direct Lending Investment Committee to disclose any personal conflicts of interest they may have with respect to overseeing a Fund s investment in a particular company. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information, without charge, regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 
 23 

Reporting Obligations and Available Information 
 Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC, free of charge from the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and the purchase, ownership and disposition of our shares. This discussion does not purport to be complete or to deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to shareholders in light of their particular circumstances. Unless otherwise noted, this discussion applies only to U.S. shareholders that hold our shares as capital assets. A U.S. shareholder is an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, a U.S. corporation, a trust if it (a) is subject to the primary supervision of a court in the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person, or any estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source. This discussion is based upon present provisions of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and administrative ruling authorities, all of which are subject to change, or differing interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). This discussion does not represent a detailed description of the U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to special classes of taxpayers including, without limitation, financial institutions, insurance companies, investors in pass-through entities, U.S. shareholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, tax-exempt organizations, dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities or commodities that elect mark to market treatment, or persons that will hold our shares as a position in a straddle, hedge or as part of a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, this discussion does not address the application of the Medicare tax on net investment income or the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax, or any tax consequences attributable to persons being required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to our shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers with regard to the U.S. federal tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, or disposition of our shares, as well as the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, foreign country or other taxing jurisdiction. 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 The Fund intends to elect to be treated, and intends to qualify each taxable year thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 To qualify for the favorable tax treatment accorded to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code, the Fund must, among other things: (1) have an election in effect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; (2) have filed with its return for the taxable year an election to be a RIC or have made such election for a previous taxable year; (3) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of its gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, and gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities or foreign currencies, or other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities, or currencies; and (b) net income derived from an interest in certain publicly-traded partnerships that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that derive less than 90 of their gross income from the items described in (a) above (each, a Qualified Publicly Traded Partnership ); and (4) diversify its holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year of the Fund (a) at least 50 of the value of the Fund s total assets is represented by cash and cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs, and other securities for purposes of this calculation limited, in respect of any one issuer to an amount not greater in value than 5 of the value of the Fund s total assets, and to not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25 of the value of the Fund s total assets is invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of (I) any one issuer, (II) any two or more issuers which the Fund controls and which are determined to be engaged in the same or similar trades or businesses or related trades or businesses or (III) any one or more Qualified Publicly Traded Partnerships (described in 3(b) above). 
 As a RIC, the Fund generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, but determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) and net capital gain (the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss), if any, that it distributes in each taxable year to its shareholders, provided that it distributes at least 90 of the sum of its investment company taxable income and its net tax-exempt income for such taxable year. Generally, the Fund intends to distribute to its shareholders, at least annually, substantially all of its investment company taxable income and net capital gains, if any. 
 Amounts not distributed on a timely basis in accordance with a calendar year distribution requirement are subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax. To prevent imposition of the excise tax, the Fund must distribute during each calendar 
 24 

year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gains in excess of its capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any ordinary income and capital gains for previous years that were not distributed during those years. For these purposes, the Fund will be deemed to have distributed any income or gains on which it paid U.S. federal income tax. 
 A distribution will be treated as paid on December 31 of any calendar year if it is declared by the Fund in October, November or December with a record date in such a month and paid by the Fund during January of the following calendar year. Such distributions will be taxable to shareholders in the calendar year in which the distributions are declared, rather than the calendar year in which the distributions are received. 
 If the Fund failed to qualify as a RIC or failed to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement in any taxable year, the Fund would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on its taxable income (including distributions of net capital gain), even if such income were distributed to its shareholders, and all distributions out of earnings and profits would be taxed to shareholders as ordinary dividend income. Such distributions generally would be eligible (i) to be treated as qualified dividend income in the case of individual and other non-corporate shareholders and (ii) for the dividends received deduction in the case of corporate shareholders. In addition, the Fund could be required to recognize unrealized gains, pay taxes and make distributions (which could be subject to interest charges) before requalifying for taxation as a RIC. 
 While the Fund generally intends to qualify as a RIC for each taxable year, it is possible that as we ramp up our portfolio we may not satisfy the diversification requirements described above, and thus may not qualify as a RIC, for the short taxable year from the date on which we break escrow for our offering. In such case, however, we anticipate that the associated tax liability would not be material, and that such non-compliance would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, although there can be no assurance in this regard. The remainder of this discussion assumes that the Fund qualifies as a RIC for each taxable year. 

leverage may not be available or may be available on less desirable terms in connection with particular investments. The instruments and borrowing utilized by the Fund to leverage its investments may be collateralized by other assets of the Fund. It is expected that the Fund will directly or indirectly incur indebtedness collateralized by the Fund s assets. As a BDC, with certain limited exceptions, the Fund will only be permitted to borrow amounts such that the Fund s asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 (equivalent to 2 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity) after such borrowing. If the Fund is unable to obtain and maintain the desired amount of borrowings on favorable terms, the Adviser may seek to realize the Fund s investments earlier than originally expected. 
 
 disadvantageous to do so. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations and investment activities. Moreover, our ability to make distributions to you may be significantly restricted or we may not be able to make any such distributions whatsoever. The amount of leverage that we will employ will be subject to oversight by our Board, a majority of whom are Independent Trustees with no material interests in such transactions. Although borrowings by the Fund have the potential to enhance overall returns that exceed the Fund s cost of funds, they will further diminish returns (or increase losses on capital) to the extent overall returns are less than the Fund s cost of funds. In addition, borrowings by the Fund may be secured by the shareholders investments as well as by the Fund s assets and the documentation relating to such borrowing may provide that during the continuance of a default under such borrowing, the interests of the investors may be subordinated to such borrowing. 

While FDS expects to allocate insurance expenses in a manner it determines to be fair and equitable, taking into account any factors it deems relevant to the allocation of such expenses, because of the uncertainty of whether claims will arise in the future and the timing and the amount that may be involved in any such claim, the determination of how to allocate such expenses may require FDS to take into consideration facts and circumstances that are subjective in nature. It is unlikely that FDS will be able to accurately allocate the expenses of any such insurance policies based on the actual claims related to a particular client, including the Fund. 

may not be in a position to confirm the completeness, genuineness or accuracy of such information and data. The Adviser is dependent upon the integrity of the management of the entities filing such information and of such companies and third parties providing such information, as well as the financial reporting process in general. The value of an investment made by the Fund may be affected by fraud, misrepresentation or omission on the part of a company or any related parties to such company, or by other parties to the investment (or any related collateral and security arrangements). Such fraud, misrepresentation or omission may adversely affect the value of the investment and/or the value of the collateral underlying the investment in question and may adversely affect the Fund s ability to enforce its contractual rights relating to that investment or the relevant obligor s ability to repay the principal or interest on the investment. In addition, the Adviser may rely upon independent consultants or experts in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments. There can be no assurance that these consultants or experts will accurately evaluate such investments. Investment analyses and decisions by the Adviser may be undertaken on an expedited basis in order to make it possible for the Fund to take advantage of short-lived investment opportunities. In such cases, the available information at the time of an investment decision may be limited, inaccurate and/or incomplete. In addition, the financial information available to the Adviser may not be accurate or provided based upon accepted accounting methods. Accordingly, the Adviser cannot guarantee that the due diligence investigation it carries out with respect to any investment opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity which may have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Fund. 

transactions, governmental and other regulatory authorities, exchange and other financial market operators, banks, brokers, dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions (including financial intermediaries and service providers) and other parties. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. While the Fund s service providers have established business continuity plans in the event of, and risk management systems to prevent, such cyber incidents, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems including the possibility that certain risks have not been identified. Furthermore, the Fund cannot control the cyber security plans and systems put in place by its service providers or any other third parties whose operations may affect the Fund or its shareholders. The Fund and its shareholders could be negatively impacted as a result. 

During the period of time in which the Fund is deploying its initial capital, the Fund may make a limited number of investments. In addition, the Fund does not have fixed guidelines for diversification by industry or type of security, and investments may be concentrated in only a few industries or types of securities. Further, if the expected amount of leverage is not obtained or deployed, the Fund may be more concentrated in an investment than originally anticipated. As a result, the Fund s investments may be concentrated and the poor performance of a single investment may have pronounced negative consequences to the Fund and the aggregate returns realized by the Fund investors. 

. 
 
 control programs and national and international political and economic events and policies. In addition, governments from time to time intervene in certain markets. Such intervention often is intended directly to influence prices and may cause or contribute to rapid fluctuations in asset prices, which may adversely affect the Fund s returns. 

. 
 
 . 

impact the Fund s ability to achieve its investment objective, as well as the operations of the Fund and the Adviser, and (iii) may exacerbate the risks discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including political, social, and economic risks. 
 
 Environmental Matters . Ordinary operation or the occurrence of an accident with respect to the portfolio companies in which the Fund invest could cause major environmental damage, which may result in significant financial distress to the Fund s investments and any portfolio company holding such assets, even if covered by insurance. Certain environmental laws and regulations may require that an owner or operator of an asset address prior environmental contamination, which could involve substantial cost and other liabilities. The Fund (and the Fund investors) may therefore be exposed to substantial risk of loss from environmental claims arising in respect of its investments. Furthermore, changes in environmental laws or regulations or the environmental condition of an investment may create liabilities that did not exist at the time of its acquisition and that could not have been foreseen. Even in cases where the Fund are indemnified by the seller with respect to an investment against liabilities arising out of violations of environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance as to the financial viability of the seller to satisfy such indemnities or the ability of the Fund to achieve enforcement of such indemnities. See also Risk Arising from Provision of Managerial Assistance ; Control Person Liability below. 

 No Readily Determinable Valuation . The Fund expects that many of its portfolio investments will take the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of loans, securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable and will be valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of the Fund s investments. Most, if not all, of the Fund s investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as Level 3 assets under Topic 820 of the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification, as amended, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. This means that the Fund s portfolio valuations will be based on unobservable inputs and the Fund s assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. The Fund expects that inputs into the determination of fair value of portfolio investments will require significant management judgment or estimation. The Fund expects to retain the services of one or more independent service providers to review the valuation of the Fund s investments in loans. The types of factors that may be taken into account in determining the fair value of investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly-traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these loans and securities existed. The Fund s net asset value could be adversely affected if determinations regarding the fair value of the Fund s investments were materially higher than the values that the Fund ultimately realizes upon the disposal of such loans and securities. In addition, the method of calculating the management fee and incentive fee may result in conflicts of interest between the Adviser, on the one hand, and investors on the other hand, with respect to the valuation of investments. 

 Follow-On Investments in Portfolio Companies . Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, the Fund may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in order to: 

 increase or maintain in whole or in part the Fund s equity ownership percentage; 

 exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; 

 attempt to preserve or enhance the value of the Fund s investment; or 

 invest in various growth or merger and acquisition related initiatives. 

 The Fund may elect not to make follow-on investments or otherwise lack sufficient funds to make those investments. The Fund has the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and the Fund s initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for the Fund to increase its participation in a successful operation. Even if the Fund has sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, it may elect not to make a follow-on investment because it may not want to increase its concentration of risk, because it prefers other opportunities or because it is inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements, or compliance with the requirements for maintenance of its RIC status. Equity Interests in Portfolio Companies . The Fund does not generally intend to take controlling equity positions in the Fund s portfolio companies. To the extent that the Fund does not hold a controlling equity interest in a portfolio company, it will be subject to the risk that such portfolio company may make business decisions with which the Fund disagrees, and the stockholders and management of such portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to the Fund s interests. Due to the lack of liquidity for the debt and equity investments that the Fund typically holds in portfolio companies, the Fund may not be able to dispose of its investments in the event it disagrees with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of its investments. 

 Defaults by Portfolio Companies . A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by the Fund or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on the portfolio company s assets representing collateral for its obligations. This could trigger cross defaults under other agreements and jeopardize the portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt that the Fund holds and the value of any equity securities the Fund owns. The Fund may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. 

 Third Party Litigation . The Fund s investment activities subject it to the normal risks of becoming involved in litigation initiated by third parties. This risk is somewhat greater where the Fund exercises control or influence over a company s direction. The expense of defending against claims by third parties and paying any amounts pursuant to settlements or judgments would, absent willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Adviser, be borne by the Fund (to the extent not borne by the portfolio companies) and would reduce net assets or could require Fund investors to return to the Fund distributed capital and earnings. The Adviser and others are indemnified in connection with such litigation, subject to certain conditions. 

. . 
 These factors may affect, among other things, the level and volatility of securities prices, the liquidity of the Fund s investments and the availability of certain securities and investments. Volatility or illiquidity could impair the Fund s profitability or result in losses. The Fund may maintain substantial trading positions that can be materially adversely affected by the level of volatility in the financial markets the larger the positions, the greater the potential for loss. Global markets have recently experienced unprecedented volatility and losses. The effects thereof are continuing and there can be no assurance that the Fund will not be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, none of these conditions is within the control of the Adviser. 

Foreign markets may offer less protection to investors than U.S. markets and tend to be less regulated. Foreign issuers are generally not bound by uniform accounting, auditing, and financial reporting requirements and standards of practice comparable to those applicable to U.S. issuers. Adequate public information on foreign issuers may not be available, and it may be difficult to secure dividends and information regarding corporate actions on a timely basis. In general, there is less overall governmental supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers, and listed companies than in the United States. Regulatory enforcement may be influenced by economic or political concerns, and investors may have difficulty enforcing their legal rights in foreign countries. Some foreign securities impose restrictions on transfer within the United States or to U.S. persons. Although securities subject to such transfer restrictions may be marketable abroad, they may be less liquid than foreign securities of the same class that are not subject to such restrictions. The risks of foreign investing may be magnified for investments in emerging markets. Security prices in emerging markets can be significantly more volatile than those in more developed markets, reflecting the greater uncertainties of investing in less established markets and economies. In particular, countries with emerging markets may have relatively unstable governments, may present the risks of nationalization of businesses, restrictions on foreign ownership and prohibitions on the repatriation of assets, and may have less protection of property rights than more developed countries. The economies of countries with emerging markets may be based on only a few industries, may be highly vulnerable to changes in local or global trade conditions, and may suffer from extreme and volatile debt burdens or inflation rates. Local securities markets may trade a small number of securities and may be unable to respond effectively to increases in trading volume, potentially making prompt liquidation of holdings difficult or impossible at times. 
 
 . 

disgorge any amounts already received from the portfolio company or a guarantor. In some cases, significant subsidiaries of portfolio companies may not guarantee the obligations of the portfolio company; in other cases, a portfolio company may have the ability to release subsidiaries as guarantors of the portfolio company s obligations. The repayment of such investments may depend on cash flow from subsidiaries of a portfolio company that are not themselves guarantors of the portfolio company s obligations. 

make the partial financing of investments with indebtedness more expensive and could limit the Fund s ability to structure and consummate its investments. Although the Adviser believes that the continued unfolding of the credit cycle will result in attractive investment opportunities, it may not be able to time its investments correctly, which could result in further depreciation in values. Furthermore, market conditions could deteriorate further, and the Fund may be limited in its ability to realize investments already made by the Fund due to difficulties in buyers ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, or to secure financing at all. 

derivatives intrinsic value, or (iv) do not require that collateral be regularly marked-to-market. When a counterparty s obligations are not fully secured by collateral, the Fund runs the risk of having limited recourse if the counterparty defaults. 

 Documentation Risks . Many derivative instruments also have documentation risk. Because the contract for each OTC derivative transaction is individually negotiated, the counterparty may interpret contractual terms e.g. , the definition of default) differently than the Fund, and if it does, the Fund may decide not to pursue its claims against the counterparty to avoid incurring the cost and unpredictability of legal proceedings. The Fund, therefore, may be unable to obtain payments the Adviser believes are owed to the Fund under derivative instruments or those payments may be delayed or made only after the Fund has incurred the costs of litigation. 

 Liquidity Risks . If a derivative transaction is particularly large or if the relevant market is illiquid (as is the case with many OTC derivatives), it may not be possible to initiate a transaction or liquidate a position at an advantageous price. Less liquid derivative instruments also may fall more in price than other securities during market falls. During periods of market disruptions, the Fund may have a greater need for cash to provide collateral for large swings in the mark-to-market obligations arising under the derivative instruments used by the Fund. These risks may be further exacerbated by requirements under rules issued pursuant to recently enacted financial reform legislation. 

 Leverage Risks . Because many derivatives have a leverage component i.e. , a notional value in excess of the assets needed to establish or maintain the derivative position), adverse changes in the value or level of the underlying asset, rate or index can result in a loss substantially greater than the amount invested in the derivative itself. Certain derivatives have the potential for unlimited loss, regardless of the size of the initial investment. 

 Tax Uncertainties . The taxation of derivatives, including credit default swaps, TRS and other transactions in which the Fund may participate, is subject to uncertainties. Such transactions may become subject to new laws and regulations, possibly with retroactive effect, as well as differing interpretations of existing law and regulations by the relevant taxing authorities. There can be no assurance that such changes in law or interpretation will not have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 

 Other Risks . Other risks in using derivatives include the risk of mispricing or incorrect valuation of derivatives. Many derivatives, in particular OTC derivatives, are complex and their valuation often requires modeling and judgment, which increases the risk of mispricing or incorrect valuation. The pricing models used may not produce valuations that are consistent with the values the Fund realizes when it closes or sells an OTC derivative. Valuation risk is more pronounced when the Fund enters into OTC derivatives with specialized terms because the market value of those derivatives in some cases is determined in part by reference to similar derivatives with more standardized terms. Incorrect valuations may result in increased cash payment requirements to counterparties, over- and/or under- collateralization, and/or errors in calculation of the Fund s net asset value. 

 The Fund s use of derivatives may not be effective or have the desired result. Derivatives involve the risk that changes in their value may not move as expected relative to the value of the assets, rates or indices they are designed to track. The risk may be more pronounced when outstanding notional amounts in the market exceed the amounts of the referenced assets. For example, the Fund s use of reverse repurchase agreements subjects it to interest costs based on the difference between the sale and repurchase price of the securities involved. Derivatives are also subject to currency and other risks. Moreover, suitable derivatives may not be available in all circumstances. For example, the economic costs of taking some derivatives positions may be prohibitive. In addition, the Adviser may decide not to use derivatives to hedge or otherwise reduce the Fund s risk exposures, potentially resulting in losses for the Fund. Counterparties to derivatives contracts may have the right to terminate such contracts if the Fund s net asset value declines below a certain level over a specified period of time. The exercise of such a right by the counterparty could have a material adverse effect on the Fund s operations. In late October 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 18f-4 related to the use of derivatives and certain other transactions that rescinded and withdrew the guidance of the SEC and the SEC staff regarding asset segregation and coverage. Under Rule 18f-4, the Fund will need to trade derivatives and other transactions that potentially create senior securities (except reverse repurchase agreements) subject to a value-at-risk VaR leverage limit, certain other testing and derivatives risk management program requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These requirements apply unless the Fund qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined in Rule 18f-4. Reverse repurchase agreements are subject to the current asset coverage requirements, and a fund trading reverse repurchase agreements need to aggregate the amount of indebtedness associated with the reverse repurchase agreements or similar financing transactions with the aggregate amount of any other senior securities representing indebtedness when calculating the fund s asset coverage ratio (unless the fund determines to treat such agreements and transactions as derivatives for all purposes under the rule). Reverse repurchase agreements are not included in the calculation of whether the Fund is a limited derivatives user (unless the Fund determines to treat such agreements and transactions as derivatives for all purposes under the rule), but if the Fund is subject to the VaR testing, reverse repurchase agreements and similar financing transactions are included for purposes of such testing. These requirements may limit the Fund s ability to use derivatives and reverse repurchase agreements and similar financing transactions as part of the Fund s investment strategies. These requirements may increase the cost of the Fund s investments and cost of doing business, which could adversely affect investors. 

vulnerability to economic downturns and changes in interest rates; (ii) sensitivity to adverse economic changes and corporate developments; (iii) redemption or call provisions which may be exercised at inopportune times; and (iv) difficulty in accurately valuing or disposing of such securities. 
 
 The Fund may make unsecured loans, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on an investment s collateral, if any, will secure the investment s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the investment under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before the Fund. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. The Fund can offer no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the Fund s unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all loans secured by collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then the Fund s unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the investment s remaining assets, if any. The rights the Fund may have with respect to the collateral securing any junior priority loans, including any last out pieces of tranched first lien loans, the Fund makes to the Fund s investments may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that the Fund enters into (or the absence of an intercreditor agreement) with the holders of senior debt. Under a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; 

 the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; 

 the approval of amendments to collateral documents; 

 releases of liens on the collateral; and 

 waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. 

 The Fund may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if the Fund s rights as junior lenders are adversely affected. 

infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, war, terrorism and labor strikes). Some force majeure events may adversely affect the ability of a party (including a company or a counterparty to the Fund or a company) to perform its obligations until it is able to remedy the force majeure event. In addition, the cost to a company of repairing or replacing damaged assets resulting from such force majeure event could be considerable. Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control over one or more companies or its assets, could result in a loss to the Fund, including if its investment in such company is cancelled, unwound or acquired (which could be without what the Fund considers to be adequate compensation). To the extent the Fund is exposed to investments in companies that as a group are exposed to such force majeure events, the risks and potential losses to the Fund are enhanced. 

In addition, it is possible a court may invalidate, in whole or in part, the indebtedness underlying an investment of the Fund as a fraudulent conveyance, subordinate such indebtedness to existing or future creditors of the obligor or recover amounts previously paid by the obligor in satisfaction of such indebtedness. Moreover, in the event of the insolvency of an issuer of a portfolio company, payments made on its indebtedness could be subject to avoidance as a preference if made within a certain period of time (which may be as long as one year) before the portfolio company becomes a debtor in a bankruptcy case. Even if the Fund does not engage in conduct that would form the basis for a successful cause of action based upon fraudulent conveyance or preference law, there can be no assurance as to whether any lending institution or other party from which the Fund may acquire such indebtedness, or any prior holder of such indebtedness, has not engaged in any such conduct (or any other conduct that would subject such indebtedness to disallowance or subordination under insolvency laws) and, if it did engage in such conduct, as to whether such creditor claims could be asserted in a U.S. court (or in the courts of any other country) against the Fund so that the Fund s claim against the issuer would be disallowed or subordinated. 

The Fund is not currently required to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the internal control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404, and the Fund will not be required to comply with certain of those requirements until it has been subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for a specified period of time. However, under current SEC rules, after listing the Fund will be required to report on its internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. The Fund will be required to review on an annual basis its internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, the Fund s internal controls over financial reporting do not currently meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 that the Fund will eventually be required to meet. In the event of a listing, the Fund will address its internal controls over financial reporting and establish formal procedures, policies, processes and practices related to financial reporting and to the identification of key financial reporting risks, assessment of their potential impact and linkage of those risks to specific areas and activities within the Fund s organization. Prior to a listing, the Fund will begin the process of documenting its internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. The Fund s independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following its first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date the Fund is no longer an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Because the Fund does not currently have comprehensive documentation of its internal controls and has not yet tested any internal controls in accordance with Section 404, the Fund cannot conclude in accordance with Section 404 that it does not have a material weakness in internal controls or a combination of significant deficiencies that could result in the conclusion that the Fund has a material weakness in internal controls. After a listing, the Fund will, as a public entity, be required to complete its initial assessment in a timely manner. If the Fund is not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance following a listing, the Fund s operations, financial reporting or financial results could be adversely affected. Matters impacting internal controls may cause the Fund to be unable to report its financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject the Fund to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules, and result in a breach of the covenants under the agreements governing any of the Fund s financing arrangements. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in the Fund and the reliability of the Fund s financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of the Fund s financial statements could also suffer if the Fund or its independent registered public accounting firm were to report a material weakness in the Fund s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Additionally, changes to the laws and regulations governing Fund operations, including those associated with RICs, may cause the Fund to alter its investment strategy in order to avail itself of new or different opportunities or result in the imposition of corporate-level taxes on us. Such changes could result in material differences to the Fund s strategies and plans and may shift the Fund s investment focus from the areas of expertise of the Adviser to other types of investments in which the Adviser may have little or no expertise or experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on the Fund s results of operations and the value of an investor s investment. If the Fund invests in commodity interests in the future, the Adviser may determine not to use investment strategies that trigger additional regulation by the CFTC or may determine to operate subject to CFTC regulation, if applicable. If the Adviser or the Fund were to operate subject to CFTC regulation, the Fund may incur additional expenses and would be subject to additional regulation. In addition, certain regulations applicable to debt securitizations implementing credit risk retention requirements that have taken effect in both the U.S. and in Europe may adversely affect or prevent the Fund from entering into securitization transactions. These risk retention rules will increase the Fund s cost of funds under, or may prevent the Fund from completing, future securitization transactions. In particular, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules require the sponsor (directly or through a majority-owned affiliate) of a debt securitization, such as CLOs, in the absence of an exemption, to retain an economic interest in the credit risk of the assets being securitized in the form of an eligible horizontal residual interest, an eligible vertical interest, or a combination thereof, in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. Given the more attractive financing costs associated with these types of debt securitizations as opposed to other types of financing available (such as traditional senior secured facilities), this increases our financing costs, which increases the financing costs ultimately be borne by the Fund s investors. Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit extension by the Biden Administration could negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of the Fund or otherwise adversely affect the Fund s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

policies, such non-compliance could have an adverse effect on the Fund by, for example, providing the basis for the ability of such government-affiliated pension plan investor to cease funding its obligations to the Fund or to withdraw from the Fund. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the 1933 Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We will take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us since our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates and may result in less investor confidence. 

and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. These and other issues will be addressed by us, to the extent necessary, to distribute sufficient income to preserve our tax status as a RIC and minimize the extent to which we are subject to U.S. federal income or excise tax. 

The foregoing list of risk factors does not purport to be a complete enumeration or explanation of the risks involved in an investment in the Fund. Each prospective Fund investor should read this entire Form 10-K, the Declaration of Trust of the Fund and consult with its advisers before deciding whether to invest in the Fund. In addition, as the Fund s investment program develops and changes over time, an investment in the Fund may be subject to additional and different risk factors. The Fund could be disadvantaged because of activities conducted by the Adviser and its affiliates for the Other Clients as a result of, among other things: (i) legal restrictions on the combined size of positions which may be taken for the Fund and Other Clients, thereby limiting the size of the Fund s position; and (ii) the difficulty of liquidating an investment for more than one account where the market cannot absorb the sale of the combined positions. Frequently, a particular investment may be bought or sold for only the Fund or only one Other Client, or in different amounts and at different times for more than one but less than all Other Clients, and the Fund may or may not be included in such purchase or sale. Likewise, a particular investment may be bought for the Fund or one or more Other Clients when one or more Other Clients are selling the same security. In addition, purchases or sales of the same investment may be made for two or more Other Clients (and possibly for the Fund) on the same date. Certain of the Other Clients have different terms, fees (including incentive fees) and investment objectives from the Fund. In such events, such transactions will be allocated among the Fund and Other Clients in a manner believed by the Adviser and its affiliates to be equitable to each in accordance with its policies. In effecting transactions, it may not always be possible, or consistent with the possibly differing investment objectives of the various Other Clients and of the Fund, to take or liquidate the same investment positions at the same time or at the same prices. As a result of the foregoing, the Adviser, its affiliates and their principals and employees may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and activity between the Fund and Other Clients, in allocating investments among the Fund and Other Clients and in effecting transactions between the Fund and Other Clients, including ones in which the Adviser, its affiliates and their principals and employees may have a greater financial interest. In addition, the Adviser, its affiliates and their principals and employees, including employees of the Adviser, may make personal investments in third-party entities (directly or through investment funds managed by third-party managers). Such entities may enter into transactions with the Fund, presenting a conflict of interest for the Adviser between acting in the best interests of the Fund and enhancing the returns of such personal investments. Co-Investment Transactions. We and the Adviser have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliated accounts managed and controlled by the Adviser and/or its affiliates. Subject to the 1940 Act and the conditions of the co-investment order issued by the SEC, the Fund may, under certain circumstances, co-invest with certain affiliated accounts in investments that are suitable for the Fund and one or more of such affiliated accounts. Even though the Fund and any such affiliated account co-invest in the same securities, conflicts of interest may still arise. If the Adviser is presented with co-investment opportunities that generally fall within the Fund s investment objective and other board-established criteria and those of one or more affiliated accounts advised by the Adviser and/or its affiliates, whether focused on a debt strategy or otherwise, the Adviser and/or its affiliates will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such affiliated accounts in a manner consistent with the exemptive order and the applicable allocation policies and procedures. With respect to co-investment transactions conducted under the exemptive order, initial internal allocations among the Fund and other investment funds affiliated with the Adviser will generally be made, taking into account the allocation considerations set forth in the Adviser s allocation policies and procedures as described above. If the Fund invests in a transaction under the co-investment exemptive order and, immediately before the submission of the order for the Fund and all other funds, accounts, or other similar arrangements advised by the Adviser and its affiliates, the opportunity is oversubscribed, it will generally be allocated on a pro-rata basis based on internal order size. To the extent consistent with applicable law and/or exemptive relief issued to the Fund, in addition to such co-investments, the Fund and the Adviser or an affiliated account may, as part of unrelated transactions, invest in either the same or different tiers of a portfolio company s capital structure or in an affiliate of such portfolio company. To the extent the Fund holds investments in the same portfolio company or in an affiliate thereof that are different (including with respect to their relative seniority) than those held by the Adviser or an affiliated account, the Adviser may be presented with decisions when the interests of the two co-investors are in conflict. If the portfolio company in which the Fund has an equity or debt investment and in which an affiliated account has an equity or debt investment elsewhere in the portfolio company s capital structure, becomes distressed or defaults on its obligations under the private credit investment, the Adviser may have conflicting loyalties between its duties to the affiliated account, the Fund, certain of its other affiliates and the portfolio company. In that regard, actions may be taken for such affiliated account that are adverse to the Fund, or actions may or may not be taken by the Fund due to such affiliated account s investment, which action or failure to act may be adverse to the Fund. In addition, it is possible that in a bankruptcy proceeding, the Fund s interest may be adversely affected by virtue of such affiliated account s involvement and actions relating to its investment. Decisions about what action should be taken in a troubled situation, including whether to enforce claims, whether to advocate or initiate restructuring or liquidation inside or outside of bankruptcy and the terms of any work-out or restructuring, raise conflicts of interest. In those circumstances where the Fund and such affiliated accounts hold investments in different classes of a company s debt or equity, the Adviser may also, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, take steps to reduce the potential for adversity between the Fund and such affiliated accounts, including causing the Fund to take certain actions that, in the absence of such conflict, it would not take, such as (A) remaining passive in a restructuring or similar situations (including electing not to vote or voting pro rata with other security-holders), (B) divesting investments or (C) otherwise taking action designed to reduce adversity. Performance Based Compensation and Management Fees . The existence of the incentive fees payable to the Adviser may create a greater incentive for the Adviser to make more speculative investments on behalf of the Fund, or to time the purchase or sale of investments in a manner motivated by the personal interests of the Adviser, its affiliates and/or their personnel. The manner in which the Adviser s entitlement to incentive fees is determined may result in a conflict between its interests and the interests of shareholders with respect to the sequence and timing of disposals of investments, as the Adviser may want to dispose of lower yielding investments in favor of higher yielding ones. Transaction Fees and Other Fees. In connection with investments made by us, the Adviser and its affiliates may negotiate and receive origination, commitment, documentation, structuring, facility, monitoring, amendment, refinancing, and/or other fees from portfolio investments in which we invest or propose to invest. The Adviser and its affiliates will only retain transaction and other fees if permissible under the 1940 Act, SEC exemptive relief, and other applicable law. Under the terms of our co-investment relief, transaction fees (except for fees contemplated by Section 17(e) or 57(k) of the 1940 Act) received in connection with a co-investment transaction are distributed pro rata to funds that participate in such transaction. The potential for the Adviser and its affiliates to receive economic benefits creates conflicts of interest as the Adviser and its affiliates would have an incentive to invest in portfolio investments that provide such benefits. Similarly, the Adviser and its affiliates could be incentivized to waive certain fees in connection with a refinancing in order to receive certain fees in the new transaction, including when we and/or other accounts advised by the Adviser and its affiliates can participate in the original or refinanced investment, or both. Broken Deal Expenses . Any expenses that may be incurred by the Fund for actual investments as described herein may also be incurred by the Fund with respect to broken deals i.e ., investments that are not consummated). The Adviser is not required to and in most circumstances will not seek reimbursement of broken deal expenses i.e ., expenses incurred in pursuit of an investment that is not consummated) from third parties, including counterparties to the potential transaction or potential co-investors. Examples of such broken deal expenses include, but are not limited to, reverse termination fees, extraordinary expenses such as litigation costs and judgments, travel and entertainment expenses incurred, costs of negotiating co-investment documentation, and legal, accounting, tax and other due diligence and pursuit costs and expenses. Any such broken deal expenses could, in the sole discretion of the Adviser, be allocated solely to the Fund and not to Other Clients or co-investment vehicles that could have made the investment, even when the Other Client or co-investment vehicle commonly invests alongside the Fund in its investments or the Adviser or Other Clients in their investments. In such cases, the Fund s shares of expenses would increase. In the event broken deal expenses are allocated to an Other Client or a co-investment vehicle, the Adviser may advance such fees and expenses without charging interest until paid by the Other Client or co-investment vehicle, as applicable. Policies and Procedures of the Adviser and its Affiliates. Because the Adviser and its affiliates have many different asset management and advisory businesses, the Adviser may be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest, greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that to which it would be subject if it had just one line of business. Certain policies and procedures implemented by the Adviser and its affiliates to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements and contractual restrictions will from time to time impact the Fund. For example, the Adviser will come into possession of material non-public information with respect to companies, including companies in which the Fund has investments or is considering making investments. The information, which could be of benefit to the Fund, is likely to be restricted to those other businesses and otherwise be unavailable to the Fund. It is also possible that the Fund could be restricted from trading despite the fact that the Fund did not receive such information. The inability to buy or sell securities in such circumstances could materially adversely affect the investment results of the Fund, including but not limited to a material loss with respect to an individual investment or differing results than those obtained by Other Clients with respect to the same investment. Additionally, the Adviser may restrict or otherwise limit the Fund and/or its portfolio companies from entering into agreements with, or related to, companies that either are advisory clients of the Adviser and its affiliates or in which any fund of the Adviser or its affiliates have invested or has considered making an investment. The Adviser will from time to time restrict or otherwise limit the ability of the Fund and/or its portfolio companies from making investments in or otherwise engaging in businesses or activities competitive with companies of other advisory clients of the Adviser or its affiliates, either as a result of contractual restrictions or otherwise. Furthermore, there will be circumstances in which affiliates of the Adviser and its affiliates (including Other Clients) may refrain from taking certain confidential information in order to avoid trading restrictions. There can be no assurance that additional restrictions will not be imposed that would further limit the ability of the Adviser and its affiliates to share information internally. Declining an Investment. The Adviser may decline an investment opportunity on behalf of the Fund based on various factors including its investment allocation policies and procedures and to the extent the Adviser determines, in its discretion, that such investment may (a) have reputational considerations for the Fund investors, the Adviser or the Fund, (b) to the Adviser s knowledge, have been the subject of concern or controversy among financial institutions, institutional investors or the public or (c) give rise to other similar considerations. In certain cases, such an investment may be allocated to other affiliated group accounts that have consented to the investment or do not, in the Adviser s discretion, have such considerations, in lieu of the investment being allocated to the Fund. Finally, although Fidelity believes its positive reputation in the marketplace provides benefit to the Fund and Other Clients, the Adviser could decline to undertake investment activity or transact with a counterparty on behalf of the Fund for reputational reasons, and this decision could result in the Fund foregoing a profit or suffering a loss. Conflicts of Interest Generally. If any matter arises that the Adviser, as applicable, determines in its good faith judgment constitutes an actual conflict of interest, the Adviser, as applicable, will take such actions as it determines in good faith may be necessary or appropriate to ameliorate the conflict. (These actions include, by way of example and without limitation, (i) disposing of the investment or refraining from making the investment giving rise to the conflict of interest; (ii) appointing an independent fiduciary to act with respect to the matter giving rise to the conflict of interest; (iii) in connection with a matter giving rise to a conflict of interest with respect to an investment, consulting with the Board regarding the conflict of interest and/or obtaining a waiver or consent from the Board of the conflict of interest or acting in a manner, or pursuant to standards or procedures, approved by or disclosed to the Board with respect to such conflict of interest; (iv) disclosing the conflict to the Fund investors; (v) implementing certain policies and procedures designed to ameliorate such conflict of interest or (vi) remaining passive and/or electing not to be the lead investor of a tranche of securities (even though the Fund may hold the largest stake in the applicable tranche of securities).) There can be no assurance that the Adviser will identify or resolve all conflicts of interest in a manner that is favorable to the Fund. By acquiring Common Shares in the Fund, each Fund investor will be deemed to have acknowledged and consented to the existence or resolution of any such actual, apparent or potential conflicts of interest and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any such conflict of interest. For the avoidance of doubt, in some cases after evaluating such conflict or potential conflict, the Adviser may determine that no action is required or that taking action may be adverse to the interests of the Fund, the Adviser or its affiliates. Diverse Membership; Relationships with Fund Investors. The Fund and investors are generally expected to have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to the investments made by the Fund. The Fund investors are expected to include various types of persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions, and different Fund investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests in respect of their investment in the Fund. The conflicting interests of the Fund and of individual Fund investors may relate to or arise from, among other things, the nature of investments made by the Fund, the structuring of the acquisition of the Fund s investments, and the timing of disposition of investments, which may be more beneficial for the Fund or Fund investors than for one or more of the other Fund investors. Such structuring of the Fund s investments and other factors may result in different returns being realized by different Fund investors. Furthermore, under the U.S. tax audit rules applicable to the Fund, decisions or elections made in connection with certain laws and regulations by the Adviser (or such other person designated by the Adviser) in connection with tax audits (including whether or not to make an election under those rules) may be more beneficial for one type of Fund investor than for another type of Fund investor. As a consequence, conflicts of interest among different Fund investors may arise in connection with decisions made by the Adviser, including in respect of the nature or structuring of investments and the use of leverage that may be more beneficial for one Fund investor than for another Fund investor, especially in respect of individual tax situations. In addition, the Fund may face certain tax risks based on positions taken by the Fund, the Adviser on behalf of the Fund, the Fund s subsidiaries and/or a withholding agent. Allocation of Personnel . The Adviser and its members, officers and employees will devote as much of their time to the activities of the Fund as they deem necessary to conduct its business affairs in an appropriate manner. By the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is not restricted from forming additional investment funds, from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities, even though such activities may be in competition with the Fund and/or may involve substantial time and resources of the Adviser. Personnel of the Adviser and its affiliates, including members of the Direct Lending Investment Committee, will work on other projects, serve on other committees and source potential investments for and otherwise assist the investment programs of Other Clients and their portfolio companies, including other investment programs to be developed in the future. These activities could be viewed as creating a conflict of interest in that the time and effort of the members of the Adviser and its officers and employees will not be devoted exclusively to the business of the Fund but will be allocated between the business of the Fund and the management of the monies of such other advisees of the Adviser. Time spent on these other initiatives diverts attention from the activities of the Fund, which could negatively impact the Fund and its shareholders. Furthermore, personnel of the Adviser and its affiliates derive financial benefit from these other activities, including fees and performance-based compensation. Fidelity personnel outside of the Adviser may share in the fees and performance-based compensation from the Fund; similarly, personnel of the Adviser and its affiliates may share in the fees and performance-based compensation generated by Other Clients. These and other factors create conflicts of interest in the allocation of time by personnel of the Adviser and its affiliates. The determination of the Adviser and its affiliates of the amount of time necessary to conduct the Fund s activities will be conclusive, and shareholders rely on the Adviser s judgment in this regard. The officers and trustees will devote such portion of their time to our affairs as is required for the performance of their duties, but they are not required to devote all of their time to us. Outside Activities of Principals and Other Personnel and their Related Parties . Certain of the principals and employees of the Adviser may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to the Fund, Other Clients and their respective portfolio companies, and their outside business activities as members of investment or advisory committees or boards of directors of or advisors to investment funds, corporations, foundations or other organizations. Such positions create a conflict if such other entities have interests that are adverse to those of the Fund, including if such other entities compete with the Fund for investment opportunities or other resources. The other managed accounts and/or investment funds in which such individuals may become involved may have investment objectives that overlap with the Fund. Furthermore, certain principals and employees of the Adviser may have a greater financial interest in the performance of such other funds or accounts than the performance of the Fund. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in making investments on behalf of the Fund and such other funds and accounts. Although such principals and employees will seek to limit any such conflicts in a manner that is in accordance with their fiduciary duties to the Fund, there can be no assurance they will be resolved favorably for the Fund. Also, Fidelity personnel and employees, including employees of the Adviser, are generally permitted to invest in alternative investment funds, private equity funds, real estate funds, hedge funds or other investment vehicles, including potential competitors of the Fund. Shareholders will not receive any benefit from any such investments, and the financial incentives of such Fidelity employees in such other investments could be greater than their financial incentives in relation to the Fund. Additionally, certain employees and other professionals of Fidelity have family members or relatives employed by such advisers and service providers (or their affiliates) or otherwise actively involved in industries and sectors in which the Fund invests, or have business, financial, personal or other relationships with companies in such industries and sectors (including the advisors and service providers described above) or other industries, which gives rise to potential or actual conflicts of interest. For example, such family members or relatives might be employees, officers, directors or owners of companies or assets that are actual or potential investments of the Fund or other counterparties of the Fund and its portfolio companies and/or assets. Moreover, in certain instances, the Fund or its portfolio companies may issue loans to or acquire securities from, or otherwise transact with, companies that are owned by such family members or relatives or in respect of which such family members or relatives have other involvement. These relationships may influence the Adviser in deciding whether to select or recommend such service providers to perform services for the Fund or portfolio companies (the cost of which will generally be borne directly or indirectly by the Fund or such portfolio companies, as applicable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Adviser determines appropriate, conflict mitigation strategies may be put in place with respect to a particular circumstance, such as internal information barriers or recusal, disclosure or other steps determined appropriate by the Adviser. The shareholders rely on the Adviser to manage these conflicts in its sole discretion. Valuation of Assets . A majority of securities and other assets in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest, including secured loan investments, are not expected to have a readily ascertainable market value and will be valued by the Adviser in accordance with its established valuation policies. Such securities and other assets will constitute a substantial portion of the Fund s investments. In addition, when the Adviser determines that the market price does not fairly represent the value of an investment, the Adviser will fair value such investment in accordance with the Fund s policies and procedures. The Adviser has a conflict of interest in determining such valuations, as the Adviser s determination of a fair value for such investments may cause it to receive higher management fees. The Adviser and its affiliates are engaged in advisory and management services for multiple collective investment vehicles and managed accounts, including other investment funds managed by the Adviser and its affiliates. In connection with these activities, the Adviser and its affiliates are required to value assets, including in connection with managing or advising their proprietary and client accounts. In this regard, the Adviser and its affiliates may share information regarding valuation techniques and models or other information relevant to the valuation of a specific asset or category of assets, although they are under no obligation to engage in such information sharing. Conflicts with Portfolio Companies. In certain instances, the portfolio managers and officers and employees of the Adviser may serve as board members of certain portfolio companies and, in that capacity, will be required to make decisions that they consider to be in the best interests of the portfolio company. In certain circumstances, such as in situations involving bankruptcy or near insolvency of the portfolio company, actions that may be in the best interests of the portfolio company may not be in the best interests of the Fund, and vice versa. Accordingly, in these situations, there may be conflicts of interest between an individual s duties as a portfolio manager or officer or employee of the Adviser and such individual s duties as a board member of the portfolio company. Additionally, the Adviser or affiliates of the Adviser may enter into transactions with a portfolio company (for example, a property lease), which may create a conflict of interest. While it is generally expected that any such transaction would be on arm s length terms, it is possible that the portfolio company may pay higher fees or receive fewer benefits in the transaction than it would if the counterparty to the transaction were a third party. Selection of Service Providers. The Fund s advisers and Service Providers or their affiliates are expected to provide goods or services to, or have business, personal, financial or other relations with the Adviser, its affiliates, advisory clients and portfolio companies. Such advisers and Service Providers may be investors in the Fund, sources of investment opportunities or co-investors or commercial counterparties or entities in which the Adviser or an affiliate has an investment. Additionally, certain employees of the Adviser or its affiliates may have family members or relatives employed by such advisers and Service Providers. These relationships may influence the Adviser in deciding whether to select or recommend such Service Providers to perform services for the Fund or portfolio companies (the cost of which generally will be borne directly or indirectly by the Fund or such entities, as applicable). Additionally, affiliates of the Fund s adviser may act as the administrative agent on loans in which the Fund many invest, which may contemplate additional compensation to such affiliates for the service of acting as administrative agent thereunder. The Adviser and its affiliates will only retain compensation as administrative agent if permissible under the 1940 Act, SEC exemptive relief, and other applicable law. Under the documentation for such loans, an entity typically is designated as the administrative agent and/or collateral agent, and this agent is granted a lien on any collateral on behalf of the other lenders and distributes payments on the indebtedness as they are received. As is typical in such agency arrangements, the agent is the party responsible for administering and enforcing the terms of the loan facility, may take certain actions and make certain decisions in its discretion and generally may take material actions only in accordance with the instructions of a designated percentage of the lenders. Data . The Adviser and its affiliates receive or obtains various kinds of data and information from the Fund, Other Clients and their portfolio companies, including data and information relating to business operations, trends, budgets, customers and other metrics, some of which is sometimes referred to as big data. The Adviser can be expected to be better able to anticipate macroeconomic and other trends, and otherwise develop investment themes, as a result of its access to (and rights regarding) this data and information from the Fund, Other Clients and their portfolio companies. In light of its relationship with the Fund, Other Clients and their portfolio companies, related parties and service providers, the Adviser may have access to (and rights regarding) data that it would not otherwise obtain in the ordinary course. Although the Adviser believes that these activities improve the Adviser s investment management activities on behalf of the Fund and Other Clients, information obtained from the Fund and its portfolio companies may provide material benefits to the Adviser and its affiliates or Other Clients without compensation or other benefit accruing to the Fund or shareholders. For example, information from a portfolio company in which the Fund holds an interest may enable the Adviser to better understand a particular industry and execute trading and investment strategies in reliance on that understanding for the Adviser, its affiliates and Other Clients that do not own an interest in the portfolio company, without compensation or benefit to the Fund or its portfolio companies. Furthermore, except for contractual obligations to third parties to maintain confidentiality of certain information, and regulatory limitations on the use of material nonpublic information, the Adviser may use data and information from the Fund s activities to assist in the pursuit of the Adviser s various other activities, including to trade for the benefit of the Adviser and/or an Other Client. Any confidentiality obligations in the operative documents do not limit the Adviser s ability to do so. For example, the Adviser s ability to trade in securities of an issuer relating to a specific industry may, subject to applicable law, be enhanced by information of a portfolio company in the same or related industry. Such trading can be expected to provide a material benefit to the Adviser without compensation or other benefit to the Fund or shareholders. The sharing and use of big data and other information presents potential conflicts of interest and the shareholders acknowledge and agree that any benefits received by the Adviser or its personnel (including fees, costs and expenses) will not reduce the management fees or incentive fees payable to the Adviser or otherwise be shared with the Fund or shareholders. As a result, the Adviser has an incentive to pursue investments that have data and information that can be utilized in a manner that benefits the Adviser, its affiliates or Other Clients. Material, Non-Public Information. The Adviser and its affiliates will come into possession of confidential information with respect to an issuer. The Adviser may be restricted from buying, originating or selling securities, loans of, or derivatives with respect to, the issuer on behalf of the Fund until such time as the information becomes public or is no longer deemed material such that it would preclude the Fund from participating in an investment. Disclosure of such information to the Adviser s personnel responsible for the affairs of the Fund will be on a need-to-know basis only, and the Fund may not be free to act for the Fund upon any such information. Therefore, the Fund may not have access to confidential information in the possession of the Adviser that might be relevant to an investment decision to be made for the Fund. In addition, the Adviser, in an effort to avoid buying or selling restrictions on behalf of the Fund or Other Clients, may choose to forego an opportunity to receive (or elect not to receive) information that other market participants or counterparties, including those with the same positions in the issuer as the Fund, are eligible to receive or have received, even if possession of such information would otherwise be advantageous to the Fund. In addition, affiliates of the Adviser within Fidelity may come into possession of confidential information with respect to an issuer. The Adviser may be restricted from buying, originating or selling securities, loans of, or derivatives with respect to, the issuer on behalf of the Fund if the Adviser deemed such restriction appropriate. Disclosure of such information to the Adviser s personnel responsible for the affairs of the Fund will be on a need-to-know basis only, and the Fund may not be free to act upon any such information. Therefore, the Fund may not have access to confidential information in the possession of the Adviser or its affiliates that might be relevant to an investment decision to be made by the Fund. Accordingly, the Fund may not be able to initiate a transaction that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to sell an investment that it otherwise might have sold. Loan Agreements with Affiliates . The Fund may enter into loan agreements with the Adviser or its affiliates. The Adviser and its affiliates have a conflict of interest between the obligation to act in the Fund s best interest and the Adviser or affiliate s own best interest. Any such loans or advances made to the Fund will be consistent with applicable law, the Adviser s fiduciary obligations to act in the Fund s best interests, the Fund s investment objectives, and the asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act. The terms associated with any such loans from the Adviser or its affiliates, including the interest charged, shall, in the aggregate, be no more favorable to the Adviser or its affiliates than could be obtained in an arm s-length transaction but will not necessarily be on the same terms or at the same interest rate charged by the Adviser to other funds that it manages. Neither the Adviser nor any of its affiliates is obligated to extend any such loans to the Fund and such loans will not necessarily be made available to the Fund in the same amounts or on the same economic terms as are made available to other funds advised by the Adviser or its affiliates, or at all. In the event that the Fund is required to find third-party financing in place of or in addition to loans from the Adviser and its affiliates, such third-party financing could be at less favorable economic terms than the loans from the Adviser and its affiliates, which could reduce the Fund s returns. Buying and Selling Investments or Assets from Certain Related Parties . The Fund and its portfolio companies may purchase investments or assets from or sell investments or assets to shareholders, other portfolio companies of the Fund, portfolio companies of Other Clients or their respective related parties. Purchases and sales of investments or assets between the Fund or its portfolio companies, on the one hand, and shareholders, other portfolio companies of the Fund, portfolio companies of Other Clients or their respective related parties, on the other hand, are not, unless required by applicable law, subject to the approval of the Board or any shareholder. These transactions involve conflicts of interest, as the Adviser may receive fees and other benefits, directly or indirectly, from or otherwise have interests in both parties to the transaction, including different financial incentives Fidelity may have with respect to the parties to the transaction. For example, there can be no assurance that any investment or asset sold by the Fund to a shareholder, other portfolio companies of the Fund, portfolio company of Other Clients or any of their respective related parties will not be valued or allocated a sale price that is lower than might otherwise have been the case if such asset were sold to a third party rather than to a shareholder, portfolio company of Other Clients or any of their respective related parties. The Adviser will not be required to solicit third party bids or obtain a third-party valuation prior to causing the Fund or any of its portfolio companies to purchase or sell any asset or investment from or to a shareholder, other portfolio companies of the Fund, portfolio company of Other Clients or any of their respective related parties as provided above. Other Affiliate Transactions and Investments in Different Levels of Capital Structure . From time to time, the Fund and the Other Clients may make investments at different levels of an issuer s capital structure or otherwise in different classes of an issuer s securities or loans, subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act. While less common, subject to applicable law, from time to time the Fund could hold an investment in a different layer of the capital structure than an investor or another party with which the Adviser or its affiliates have a material relationship, in which case the Adviser or its affiliates could have an incentive to cause the Fund or the portfolio company to offer more favorable terms to such parties (including, for instance, financing arrangements). Such investments may inherently give rise to conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts of interest between or among the various classes of securities or loans that may be held by such entities. To the extent the Fund holds securities or loans that are different (including with respect to their relative seniority) than those held by an Other Client, the Adviser and its affiliates may be presented with decisions when the interests of the funds are in conflict. For example, conflicts could arise where the Fund lends funds to a portfolio company while an Other Client invests in equity securities of such portfolio company. In this circumstance, for example, if such portfolio company were to go into bankruptcy, become insolvent or otherwise be unable to meet its payment obligations or comply with its debt covenants, conflicts of interest could arise between the holders of different types of securities or loans as to what actions the portfolio company should take. Further conflicts could arise after the Fund and Other Clients have made their respective initial investments. For example, if additional financing is necessary as a result of financial or other difficulties, it may not be in the best interests of the Fund to provide such additional financing. If the Other Clients were to lose their respective investments as a result of such difficulties, the ability of the Adviser to recommend actions in the best interests of the Fund might be impaired. Any applicable co-investment order issued by the SEC may restrict the Fund s ability to participate in follow-on financings. The Adviser may in its discretion take steps to reduce the potential for adversity between the Fund and the Other Clients, including causing the Fund and/or such Other Clients to take certain actions that, in the absence of such conflict, it would not take. Such conflicts will be more difficult if the Fund and Other Clients hold significant or controlling interests in competing or different tranches of a portfolio company s capital structure. Equity holders and debt holders have different (and often competing) motives, incentives, liquidity goals and other interests with respect to a portfolio company. In addition, there may be circumstances where the Adviser agrees to implement certain procedures to ameliorate conflicts of interest that may involve a forbearance of rights relating to the Fund or Other Clients, such as where the Adviser or its affiliates may cause the Fund or Other Clients to decline to exercise certain control-and/or foreclosure-related rights with respect to a portfolio company. Further, the Fund is prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with certain affiliates (including portfolio companies of Other Clients) without the prior approval of a majority of the independent members of the Board and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the outstanding voting securities will be an affiliate of the Fund for purposes of the 1940 Act and generally the Fund will be prohibited from buying or selling any securities from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of the Board. However, the Fund may under certain circumstances purchase any such affiliate s loans or securities in the secondary market, which could create a conflict for the Adviser between the Fund s interests and the interests of such affiliate, in that the ability of the Adviser to recommend actions in the Fund s best interest may be limited. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or closely related times), without prior approval of the Board and, in some cases, the SEC. In addition, conflicts may arise in determining the amount of an investment, if any, to be allocated among potential investors and the respective terms thereof. There can be no assurance that any conflict will be resolved in favor of the Fund, and each shareholder acknowledges and agrees that in some cases, subject to applicable law, a decision by the Adviser to take any particular action could have the effect of benefiting an Other Client (and, incidentally, may also have the effect of benefiting the Adviser and its affiliates) and therefore may not have been in the best interests of, and may be adverse to, the Fund. There can be no assurance that the return on the Fund s investment will be equivalent to or better than the returns obtained by the Other Clients participating in the transaction. The shareholders will not receive any benefit from fees paid to any affiliate of the Adviser from a portfolio company in which an Other Client also has an interest to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Related Financing Counterparties . The Fund may invest in companies or other entities in which Other Clients make an investment in a different part of the capital structure (and vice versa) subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act and the Fund s co-investment order. The Adviser and its affiliates take into account various facts and circumstances they deem relevant in selecting financing sources, including whether a potential lender has expressed an interest in evaluating debt financing opportunities, whether a potential lender has a history of participating in debt financing opportunities generally and with the Adviser in particular, the size of the potential lender s loan amount, the timing of the relevant cash requirement, the availability of other sources of financing, the creditworthiness of the lender, whether the potential lender has demonstrated a long-term or continuing commitment to the success of the Adviser, its affiliates and their funds, and such other factors that the Adviser and its affiliates deem relevant under the circumstances. The cost of debt alone is not determinative. It is possible that shareholders, Other Clients, their portfolio companies, co-investors and other parties with material relationships with the Adviser, such as shareholders of and lenders to the Adviser and its affiliates and lenders to Other Clients and their portfolio companies, could provide additional first lien financing to portfolio companies of the Fund, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. The Adviser could have incentives to cause the Fund and its portfolio companies to accept less favorable financing terms from a shareholder, Other Clients, their portfolio companies, Fidelity, and other parties with material relationships with the Adviser than it would from a third party. If the Fund or a portfolio company occupies a more senior position in the capital structure than a shareholder, Other Client, their portfolio companies and other parties with material relationships with the Adviser, the Adviser could have an incentive to cause the Fund or portfolio company to offer more favorable financing terms to such parties. In the case of a related party financing between the Fund or its portfolio companies, on the one hand, and the Adviser or Other Clients portfolio companies, on the other hand, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, the Adviser could, but is not obligated to, rely on a third party agent to confirm the terms offered by the counterparty are consistent with market terms, or the Adviser could instead rely on its own internal analysis, which the Adviser believes is often superior to third party analysis given the scale of the Adviser and its affiliates in the market. If, however, any of the Adviser, the Fund, an Other Client or any of their portfolio companies delegates to a third party, such as another member of a financing syndicate or a joint venture partner, the negotiation of the terms of the financing, the transaction will be assumed to be conducted on an arms-length basis, even though the participation of the Adviser related vehicle impacts the market terms. For example, in the case of a loan extended to the Fund or a portfolio company by a financing syndicate in which an Other Client has agreed to participate on terms negotiated by a third party participant in the syndicate, it may have been necessary to offer better terms to the financing provider to fully subscribe the syndicate if the Other Client had not participated. It is also possible that the frequent participation of Other Clients in such syndicates could dampen interest among other potential financing providers, thereby lowering demand to participate in the syndicate and increasing the financing costs to the Fund. The Adviser does not believe either of these effects is significant, but no assurance can be given to shareholders that these effects will not be significant in any circumstance. Unless required by applicable law, the Adviser will not seek any consent or approvals from shareholders or the Board in the case of any of these conflicts. The Adviser and its affiliates could cause actions adverse to the Fund to be taken for the benefit of Other Clients that have made an investment more senior in the capital structure of a portfolio company than the Fund e.g ., provide financing to a portfolio company, the equity of which is owned by the Fund) and, vice versa, actions may be taken for the benefit of the Fund and its portfolio companies that are adverse to Other Clients. The Adviser and its affiliates could seek to implement procedures to mitigate conflicts of interest in these situations such as (i) a forbearance of rights, including some or all non-economic rights, by the Fund or relevant Other Client (or their respective portfolio companies, as the case may be) by, for example, agreeing to follow the vote of a third party in the same tranche of the capital structure, or otherwise deciding to recuse itself with respect to decisions on defaults, foreclosures, workouts, restructurings and other similar matters, (ii) causing the Fund or relevant Other Client (or their respective portfolio companies, as the case may be) to hold only a non-controlling interest in any such portfolio company, (iii) retaining a third party loan servicer, administrative agent or other agent to make decisions on behalf of the Fund or relevant Other Client (or their respective portfolio companies, as the case may be), or (iv) create groups of personnel within the Adviser and its affiliates separated by information barriers (which may be temporary and limited purpose in nature), each of which would advise one of the clients that has a conflicting position with other clients. As an example, to the extent an Other Client holds an interest in a loan or security that is different (including with respect to relative seniority) than those held by the Fund or its portfolio companies, the Adviser may decline to exercise, or delegate to a third party, certain control, foreclosure and other similar governance rights of the Other Client. In these cases, the Adviser would generally act on behalf of one of its clients, though the other client would generally retain certain control rights, such as the right to consent to certain actions taken by the trustee or administrative or other agent of the investment, including a release, waiver, forgiveness or reduction of any claim for principal or interest; extension of maturity date or due date of any payment of any principal or interest; release or substitution of any material collateral; release, waiver, termination or modification of any material provision of any guaranty or indemnity; subordination of any lien; and release, waiver or permission with respect to any covenants. In addition, it is anticipated that in a bankruptcy proceeding the Fund s interests will likely be subordinated or otherwise adverse to the interests of Other Clients with ownership positions that are more senior to those of the Fund. For example, an Other Client that has provided debt financing to an investment of the Fund may take actions for its benefit, particularly if the Fund s Investment is in financial distress, which adversely impact the value of the Fund s subordinated interests. Although Other Clients can be expected to provide financing to the Fund and its portfolio companies subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, there can be no assurance that any Other Client will indeed provide any such financing with respect to any particular investment. Participation by Other Clients in some but not all financings of the Fund and its portfolio companies may adversely impact the ability of the Fund and its portfolio companies to obtain financing from third parties when Other Clients do not participate, as it may serve as a negative signal to market participants. Any financing provided by a shareholder or an affiliate to the Fund or a portfolio company is not an investment in the Fund. The respective investment programs of the Fund and the Other Clients may or may not be substantially similar. The Adviser and its affiliates may give advice to, and recommend securities for, Other Clients that may differ from advice given to, or securities recommended or bought for, the Fund, even though their investment objectives may be the same as or similar to those of the Fund. While the Adviser will seek to manage potential conflicts of interest in a fair and equitable manner, the portfolio strategies employed by the Adviser and its affiliates in managing their respective Other Clients are likely to conflict from time to time with the transactions and strategies employed by the Adviser in managing the Fund and may affect the prices and availability of the securities and instruments in which the Fund invests. Conversely, participation in specific investment opportunities may be appropriate, at times, for both the Fund and Other Clients. In any event, it is the policy of the Adviser to allocate investment opportunities and sale opportunities on a basis deemed by the Adviser, in its sole discretion, to be fair and equitable over time. Joint Ventures. The Fund or the Adviser may partner with one or more unaffiliated banks or other financial institutions to make particular investments or types of investments, with, in some instances, such partners having senior exposure to the investment program and the Fund and Other Clients participating in the junior exposure or vice versa. In doing so, the Adviser would seek to benefit from the larger combined capital base of working with a partner, as well as such partner s sourcing channels and expertise. In addition, the Fund may be an initial economic participant in such an investment program or may join the investment program after it has made investments. As a result, the Fund may or may not share in the returns of the investments that have already been originated and, accordingly the returns realized by the Fund investors may differ from the returns realized by other participants of such investment program. The structure of this type of investment program will vary and will be determined on a case-by-case basis in order to accommodate the nature of the arrangements, applicable bank and other regulatory restrictions, particular considerations applicable to the funds and accounts participating in the investment program, tax considerations, and other factors. For example, the investment program may be structured so that the Fund purchases debt of a holding company (the JV Participant and the JV Participant then participates in the joint venture or the investments sourced through the joint venture. In such a situation, the equity of the JV Participant is expected to be held by Other Clients. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise between the Fund (as debt holders of the JV Participant) and the Other Clients participating in the investment program (as equity holders of the JV Participant). These conflicts of interest would be magnified in the event of any default, bankruptcy or similar event of financial distress with respect to the JV Participant. Further, the returns realized by the Fund are likely to differ from the returns realized by the Other Clients participating in the investment program. In such a structure, the Fund as a debt holder will have more enhanced downside protection than the Other Clients but will not benefit from all of the upside from the underlying investments, whereas the Other Clients, while being subject to a greater risk of loss, will also benefit from greater upside than the Fund. The Fund s joint venture partner may be a regulated banking entity, and the joint venture vehicle may be subject to bank regulation as a result of the bank s ownership interest therein. As a result, there is a risk that the joint venture could be subject to bank regulatory audit and review, as well as potential fines or other enforcement actions that the Fund, acting on its own, would not otherwise be subject. While the bank joint venture partner would be expected to assume some of these liabilities directly, the JV Participant would nevertheless have some exposure, potentially in respect of larger liabilities. Such liabilities could be significant. Furthermore, the activities of the joint venture may be restricted because of regulatory requirements applicable to the bank or its internal policies designed to comply with, limit the applicability of, or that otherwise relate to such requirements. The Adviser believes that any such joint venture will be structured in a manner that would not cause a violation of applicable banking laws and regulations. However, it is possible that future changes or clarifications in statutes, regulations or interpretations concerning the permissible activities of bank holding companies, as well as further judicial or administrative decisions and interpretations of present or future statutes or regulations could restrict (or possibly prevent) the banking partner from continuing to participate in the joint venture in the manner originally contemplated. In such event, the Adviser and the applicable banking partner may agree to alter or restrict the investment program or may elect to terminate the investment program altogether. Any such restructuring or termination may adversely affect the returns realized by the Fund in connection with its participation in the investment program. Certain Investments Inside the Fund s Mandate that are not Pursued by the Fund. Under certain circumstances, the Adviser may determine not to pursue some or all of an investment opportunity within the Fund s mandate pursuant to its investment allocation policies and procedures, including without limitation, as a result of business, reputational or other reasons applicable to the Fund, Other Clients, their respective portfolio companies or the Adviser. In addition, the Adviser may determine that the Fund should not pursue some or all of an investment opportunity, including, by way of example and without limitation, because the Fund has already invested sufficient capital in the investment, sector, industry, geographic region or markets in question, as determined by the Adviser in its good faith discretion, or the investment is not appropriate for the Fund for other reasons as determined by the Adviser in its good faith reasonable sole discretion. In any such case the Adviser or its affiliates could, thereafter, offer such opportunity to other parties, including Other Clients or portfolio companies or limited partners or shareholders of the Fund or Other Clients, joint venture partners, related parties or third parties. Any such Other Clients may be advised by a different FDS affiliate, which could determine an investment opportunity to be more attractive than the Adviser believes to be the case. In any event, there can be no assurance that the Adviser s assessment will prove correct or that the performance of any investments actually pursued by the Fund will be comparable to any investment opportunities that are not pursued by the Fund. The Adviser and its affiliates, including their personnel, may receive compensation from any such party that makes the investment, including an allocation of carried interest or referral fees, and any such compensation could be greater than amounts paid by the Fund to the Adviser. In some cases, the Adviser or its affiliates earn greater fees when Other Clients participate alongside or instead of the Fund in an investment. Allocation of Revolver, Delayed-Draw Investment or Line of Credit Obligations . The Fund generally expects to participate in one or more investments that are structured as revolvers, delayed-draws or lines of credit with funding obligations that extend past the initial date of investment. Later funding obligations related to such investments may not be allocated pro rata among all the investors who participated in the initial funding of an investment. In particular, the Fund may participate in the initial funding of an investment, but may not participate in later-arising funding obligations i.e ., the revolver, delayed-draw or line of credit portions) related to such investment, including because of capacity limitations that an investment vehicle may have for making new revolver, delayed-draw investments or lines of credit. As a result, the Fund may be allocated a smaller or larger portion of revolver, delayed-draw investments or lines of credit than other investors participating in the loan (or may not be allocated any portion). Fund investors that participate in the initial funding of an investment may receive certain economic benefits in connection with such initial funding, such as original issue discount, closing payments, or commitment fees and these benefits are expected to be allocated based on participation in the initial funding, regardless of participation in future funding obligations. In addition, where the Fund and any other participating investors have not participated in each funding of an investment on a pro rata basis, conflicts of interest may arise between the Fund and the other investors as the interests of the Fund and the other investors may not be completely aligned with respect to such investment. In that regard, the revolver, delayed draw or line of credit portion of an investment may be senior to the investment in the portfolio company made by the Fund, and as a result, the interests of the Fund may not be aligned with other participating investors. Insurance. The Adviser will cause the Fund to purchase, and/or bear premiums, fees, costs and expenses (including any expenses or fees of insurance brokers) for insurance to insure the Fund and the Board against liability in connection with the activities of the Fund. This includes a portion of any premiums, fees, costs and expenses for one or more umbrella, group or other insurance policies maintained by the Adviser or its affiliates that cover the Fund and one or more of the Other Clients, the Adviser, and/or its affiliates (including their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, independent client representative (if any) and other Indemnified Parties). The Adviser will make judgments about the allocation of premiums, fees, costs and expenses for such umbrella, group or other insurance policies among the Fund, one or more Other Clients, the Adviser, and/or its affiliates on a fair and reasonable basis, subject to approval by the Board. Expense Allocations . The Administrator and its affiliates provide, or oversee the provision of, administrative resources to the Fund. The resources provided by the Administrator and its affiliates to the Fund include shared resources among the Fund and Other Clients. The Fund is responsible for paying its allocable share of such expenses. The Administrator takes into account a variety of considerations when allocating such expenses, both between the Administrator/its affiliates, on the one hand, and the Fund and Other Clients on the other, and between and among the Fund and Other Clients. The Administrator seeks to allocate expenses using fair and reasonable methodologies. The Administrator will make judgments about the allocation of fees, costs and expenses among the Fund, one or more Other Clients, the Adviser, the Administrator and/or its affiliates on a fair and reasonable basis, subject to oversight of the Board. Additional Potential Conflicts of Interest . The officers, directors, members, managers, employees and personnel of the Adviser, as applicable, may trade in securities for their own accounts, subject to restrictions and reporting requirements as may be required by law or the policies of the Adviser and its affiliates, or otherwise determined from time to time by the Adviser. In addition, certain Other Clients may be subject to the 1940 Act or other regulations that, due to the role of the Adviser or its affiliates, could restrict the ability of the Fund to buy investments from, to sell investments to or to invest in the same securities as, such Other Clients. Such regulations may have the effect of limiting the investment opportunities available to the Fund. Finally, although Fidelity believes its positive reputation in the marketplace provides benefit to the Fund and Other Clients, the Adviser could decline to undertake investment activity or transact with a counterparty on behalf of the Fund for reputational reasons, and this decision could result in the Fund foregoing a profit or suffering a loss. The foregoing list of conflicts does not purport to be a complete enumeration or explanation of the actual and potential conflicts involved in an investment in the Fund. Prospective investors should read the Fund s prospectus and consult with their own advisers before deciding whether to invest in the Fund. In addition, as the Fund s investment program develops and changes over time, an investment in the Fund may be subject to additional and different actual and potential conflicts. Although the various conflicts discussed herein are generally described separately, prospective investors should consider the potential effects of the interplay of multiple conflicts. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 69 

Item 2. Propert ies. 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our corporate headquarters are located at 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is currently conducted. 
 Item 3. Legal P roceedings. 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of any such legal or regulatory framework cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that any such future proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 70 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 There is not currently and we do not expect there to be a public market for our shares. 
 Holders 
 As of March 16, 2023 there were 634 holders of record of our Class I common shares; there were no holders of record of our Class S or D common shares as of such date. 
 Distributions 
 We expect to pay regular monthly distributions commencing with the first full calendar quarter after the escrow period concludes. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Our Board s discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of investment company taxable income. See Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations . 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares and Class I shares, and distributions on Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares), and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no distributions. 
 Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees 
 The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees we pay the Managing Dealer with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I on an annualized basis as a percentage of our NAV for such class. Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation, the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. 

Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee as a of NAV 

Class S shares 

0.85 

Class D shares 

0.25 

Class I shares 

The Managing Dealer will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder 
 71 

servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Managing Dealer will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 Beginning no later than the first full calendar quarter from the date on which we break escrow for our offering, and at the discretion of our Board, we intend to commence a share repurchase program in which we intend to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our Common Shares outstanding (by number of shares) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. Our Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. Upon a suspension of our share repurchase program, our Board will consider at least quarterly whether the continued suspension of our share repurchase program remains in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. However, our Board is not required to authorize the recommencement of our share repurchase program within any specified period of time. Our Board may also determine to terminate our share repurchase program if required by applicable law or in connection with a transaction in which our shareholders receive liquidity for their Common Shares, such as a sale or merger of the Fund or listing of our Common Shares on a national securities exchange. 
 We expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers each quarter using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived, at our discretion, in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Fund for the benefit of remaining shareholders. We intend to conduct the repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On September 16, 2022, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 80 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. On March 13, 2023, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 1,280,002 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. 
 
 As of March 13, 2023, the Fund satisfied the minimum offering requirement, and the Fund s Board of Trustees authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. On March 13, 2023, the Fund issued and sold 4,084,372 shares (consisting of 4,084,372 Class I shares; no Class S or D shares were issued or sold as of such date), and the escrow agent released net proceeds of approximately 102 million to the Fund as payment for such shares. 
 Item 6. [Re served] 
 72 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The information in this section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a newly organized, externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company formed as a Delaware statutory trust on March 23, 2022 that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We are externally managed by the Adviser, which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, determining the value of Fund investments, structuring investments and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Our Adviser is registered as investment adviser with the SEC. We also intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. 
 An externally-managed BDC generally does not have any employees, and its investment and management functions are provided by an outside investment adviser and administrator under an advisory agreement and administration agreement. Instead of directly compensating employees, we pay FDS for investment and management services pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. We are a non-exchange traded, perpetual-life BDC, which is a BDC whose shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market. We use the term perpetual-life BDC to describe an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose shares of common stock are intended to be sold by the BDC on a continuous basis at a price equal to the BDC s net asset value per share. 
 Our investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Fund will achieve these objectives primarily through directly originated loans to private companies but also liquid credit investments, like broadly syndicated loans, and other select Private Credit investments. Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80 of its total assets in Private Credit investments. If the Fund changes its 80 test, the Fund will provide shareholders with at least 60 days prior notice of such change. The Adviser may also invest to a lesser degree in equity linked instruments (which may include debt with warrants, preferred equity investments, or equity co-investments). Most of our investments will be in private U.S. operating companies, but (subject to compliance with BDCs requirement to invest at least 70 of its assets in private U.S. companies) we may also invest to a lesser degree in non-U.S. companies. Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other affiliated funds. From time to time, we may co-invest with other affiliated funds. 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Investments 
 We focus primarily on loans and securities, including syndicated loans, of private U.S. companies. Our level of investment activity (both the number of investments and the size of each investment) can and will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to private companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment, trading prices of loans and other securities and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 Revenues 
 We plan to generate revenue in the form of interest and fee income on debt investments, capital gains, and dividend income from our equity investments in our portfolio companies. Our senior and subordinated debt investments are expected to bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. Interest on debt securities is generally payable quarterly or semiannually. In some cases, some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest. The principal amount of the debt securities and any accrued but unpaid PIK interest generally will become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment and other fees in connection with transactions. Original issue discounts and market discounts or premiums will be capitalized, and we will accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. Dividend income, if any, will be recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. 
 Expenses 
 Except as specifically provided below, all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to us, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead 
 73 

expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. The Administrator or its affiliates will bear all fees, costs, and expenses incurred that are not assumed by the Fund. 
 The Adviser and/or its affiliates have agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf through the date on which we break escrow for our offering. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, the Adviser is obligated to advance all of our Other Operating Expenses (including organizational and offering expenses) to the effect that such expenses do not exceed 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s NAV. We will be obligated to reimburse the Adviser for such advanced expenses only if certain conditions are met. Any reimbursements will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Adviser and its affiliates. 
 From time to time, FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and Administrator) or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser or Administrator) or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf. From time to time, FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and Administrator) may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders, subject to the cap on organization and offering expenses described above. 
 We have entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement with our Adviser. For additional information, see Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement . 
 Results of Operations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced operations and have not made any investments. On March 13, 2023, we commenced operations and accepted approximately 102 million of subscriptions. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of our offering of common shares, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. 
 Our primary uses of cash will be for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser and Administrator)), (iii) cost of any borrowings or other financing arrangements and (iv) cash distributions to the holders of our shares. 
 The Adviser and/or its affiliates have agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf through the date on which we break escrow for our offering. The Fund will be obligated to reimburse the Adviser and/or its affiliates, as applicable, for such advanced expenses only if certain conditions are met. Any reimbursements will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Adviser and its affiliates. See Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement . 
 Income Taxes, Including Excise Taxes 
 We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and we intend to operate in a manner so as to continue to qualify annually thereafter for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, distribute to our shareholders in each taxable year generally at least 90 of the sum of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid), and net tax-exempt income for that taxable year. To maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we, among other things, intend to make the requisite distributions to our shareholders, which generally relieve us from corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may carry forward taxable income (including net capital gains, if any) in excess of current year dividend distributions from the current tax year into the next tax year and pay a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such taxable income, as required. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such income, we will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income. 
 74 

Equity 
 On September 16, 2022, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 80 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. On March 13, 2023, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 1,280,002 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. 
 As of March 13, 2023, the Fund satisfied the minimum offering requirement, and the Fund s Board of Trustees authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. On March 13, 2023, the Fund issued and sold 4,084,372 shares (consisting of 4,084,372 Class I shares; no Class S or D shares were issued or sold as of such date), and the escrow agent released net proceeds of approximately 102 million to the Fund as payment for such shares. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with FDS (in its capacity as the Adviser) to provide us with investment advisory services and the Administration Agreement with FDS (in its capacity as the Administrator) to provide us with administrative services. We entered into an Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser to provide us with support with respect to certain expenses and subject to reimbursement. Payments for investment advisory services under the Advisory Agreements, payment for administration services under the Administration Agreement, and payment for support with respect to certain expenses and subject to reimbursement are described in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 3. Related Party Agreements and Transactions . 
 We intend to establish one or more credit facilities or enter into other financing arrangements to facilitate investments and the timely payment of our expenses. It is anticipated that any such credit facilities will bear interest at floating rates at to-be-determined spreads over SOFR (or other applicable reference rate). We cannot assure shareholders that we will be able to enter into a credit facility on favorable terms or at all. In connection with a credit facility or other borrowings, lenders may require us to pledge assets, commitments and/or drawdowns (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof) and may ask to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Other than contractual commitments and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business, we do not expect to have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies . 
 Related Party Transactions 
 We entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following; 
 the Advisory Agreement 

the Administration Agreement 

an agreement with the Managing Dealer (the Managing Dealer Agreement ); and 

Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 

an agreement with Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company LLC relating to transfer agency services. 

In addition to the aforementioned agreements, we, our Adviser, and certain of our Adviser s affiliates have been granted exemptive relief by the SEC to co-invest with other funds managed by our Adviser or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 3. Related Party Agreements and Transactions . 
 75 

Recent Developments 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 7. Subsequent Events for a summary of recent developments. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of the financial statements will require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our critical accounting policies should be read in connection with our risk factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors . See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Financial Statements - Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies . 
 Item 7A. Quantitative a nd Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We plan to invest primarily in illiquid debt securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to policies and procedures adopted by our Adviser and in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value measurements in good faith. Consequently, determining fair values requires that judgment by applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. 
 We will be subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to the variable rate investments we may hold and declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. A rise in interest rates would also be expected to lead to higher costs on floating rate borrowings. We may use risk management techniques in an effort to minimize our exposure to interest rate fluctuation when considered prudent. 
 76 

Item 8. Financi al Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 78 

Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 
 79 

Statement of Operations for the period March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 80 

Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the period March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 81 

Statement of Cash Flows for the period March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 82 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 83 

77 

Report of Independent Register ed Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholder and the Board of Trustees of Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ), as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the period from March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations, the changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for the period from March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Fund s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Fund s auditor since 2022. 
 78 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 Statement of Ass ets and Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Cash 

2,000 

Deferred Offering Costs 

1,306,724 

Total Assets 

1,308,724 

Liabilities 

Accrued Expenses and other Payables 

1,306,724 

Total Liabilities 

1,306,724 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Net Assets 

Class S Common Shares, par value 0.01 per share, unlimited shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding 

Class D Common Shares, par value 0.01 per share, unlimited shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding 

Class I Common Shares, par value 0.01 per share, unlimited shares authorized, 80 shares issued and outstanding 

1 

Paid-in-capital in excess of par value 

1,999 

Total Net Assets 

2,000 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

1,308,724 

Net Asset Value Per Share of Issued Shares: Class I Common Shares: 

25.00 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 79 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 Statem ent of Operations 

For the period March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 

Expenses 

Organization expenses 

277,851 

Board of Trustees Fees 

125,750 

Professional fees 

418,463 

Other general and administrative expenses 

25,868 

Total Expenses 

847,932 

Reimbursable expenses paid by the Adviser 

(847,932) 

Net Expenses 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 80 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 S tatement of Changes in Net Assets 

For the period March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 

Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 

2,000 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

2,000 

Total Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets 

2,000 

Net Assets, beginning of period 

Net Assets, end of period 

2,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 81 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 S tatement of Cash Flows 

For the period March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in Deferred Offering Costs 

(1,306,724) 

Increase (decrease) in Accrued Expenses and other Payables 

1,306,724 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

2,000 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

2,000 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

2,000 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

2,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 82 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 Notes t o Financial Statements 
 Note 1. Organization 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company formed as a Delaware statutory trust on March 23, 2022. The Fund has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and also intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company RIC as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Fund is externally managed by Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC FDS or the Adviser ), which is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and an affiliate of FMR LLC FMR and its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had not commenced operations. 
 The Fund s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing primarily in directly originated loans to private companies but also with liquid credit investments, like broadly syndicated loans, and other select private credit investments. The Fund will generally seek to invest in loans that carry variable (i.e., floating interest rates. Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80 of its total assets in private credit investments. Specific private investments may include: (a) directly originated first lien loans, senior secured revolving lines of credit, term loans and delayed draw term loans, (b) directly originated second lien, last out senior, secured or unsecured mezzanine term loans and delayed draw term loans, (c) club deals (investments generally comprised from a small group of lenders), and broadly syndicated leveraged loans (investments generally arranged or underwritten by investment banks or other intermediaries), and (d) other debt (collectively referred to as Private Credit ). The Adviser may also invest to a lesser degree in equity linked instruments (may include debt with warrants, preferred equity investments, or equity co-investments). The Adviser may lead and structure the transaction as sole-lender, as the agent of a club credit facility (a group of similar direct lenders that invest in the same tranches), or may participate as a non-agent investor in a large club or syndicated transactions. In order to provide liquidity for share repurchases, the Fund intends to maintain an allocation to syndicated loans and other liquid investments. 
 The Fund will invest at least 70 of its total assets in investments that meet regulatory requirements of the BDC structure, which will generally include investments in companies that are private and may be backed by a Sponsor but may also include investments in small capitalization public companies or companies that are backed by a non-private equity sponsor ownership group. The majority of the Fund s investments will be loans targeted at private U.S. operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or registered under the Exchange Act, and public U.S. operating companies having a market capitalization of less than 250,000,000. The Fund may also invest to a lesser degree in non-U.S. companies. 
 On September 16, 2022, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 80 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 The following is a summary of the significant accounting and reporting policies used in preparing the financial statements. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The Fund is an investment company under GAAP and follows the accounting and reporting guidance applicable to investment companies in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946 and pursuant to Regulation S-X. The Fund s functional currency is U.S. dollars and these financial statements have been prepared in that currency. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual amounts may ultimately differ from those estimates and the differences could be material. 
 83 

Cash 
 Cash consists of a demand deposit held with a financial institution. Cash is carried at cost which approximates fair value. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses 
 Organization expenses include, among other things, the cost of incorporating the Fund and the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to the Fund's organization. These costs are expensed as incurred. For the period from March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, the Fund incurred organization expenses of 277,851, which were paid on behalf of the Fund by the Adviser and have been recorded as an expense on the statement of operations. 
 The Fund's offering expenses include, among other things, legal fees, registration fees and other costs pertaining to the preparation of the Fund's registration statement (and any amendments or supplements thereto) relating to the offering and associated marketing materials. For the period from March 23, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, the Fund incurred offering expenses of 1,306,724, which were paid on behalf of the Fund by the Adviser. Offering expenses are recorded as deferred offering costs on the statement of assets and liabilities and then will be subsequently amortized to expense on the Fund's statement of operations over 12 months from the commencement of operations. 
 The reimbursement of Adviser-paid organization and offering expenses is conditional, as of December 31, 2022, on the Fund breaking escrow relating to the anticipated public offering of its common shares (the Offering and the Adviser requesting reimbursement of organization expenses paid pursuant to the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Fund intends to elect to be treated as a RIC under the Code as soon as reasonably practicable. So long as the Fund maintains its status as a RIC, it generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes at least annually to its shareholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned and distributed by the Fund would represent obligations of the Fund s investors and would not be reflected in the financial statements of the Fund. 
 The Fund evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are reserved and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes are included in income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 
 To qualify for and maintain qualification as a RIC, the Fund must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment, the Fund must distribute to its shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of its investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses. 
 In addition, based on the excise tax distribution requirements, the Fund will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on undistributed income unless the Fund distributes in a timely manner in each taxable year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of its ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in prior years. For this purpose, however, any ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by the Fund that is subject to corporate income tax is considered to have been distributed. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Management does not believe any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 
 84 

Note 3. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 The Fund has entered into an Investment Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser will manage the Fund on a day-to-day basis. The Adviser is responsible for determining the composition of the Fund s portfolio, making investment decisions, monitoring the Fund s investments, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage and providing the Fund with such other investment advisory and related services as the Fund may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 
 
 The Fund will pay the Adviser a fee for its services under the Advisory Agreement consisting of two components, a management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the shareholders. 
 Management Fee 
 
 The management fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of the Fund s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, net assets mean the Fund s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the first calendar month in which the Fund has operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets as of the date on which the Fund breaks escrow. 
 
 The Adviser has agreed to waive all management fees for the first six months following the date on which the Fund breaks escrow. 
 Incentive Fees 
 
 The incentive fee will consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of the Fund s income and a portion is based on a percentage of the Fund s capital gains, each as described below. 
 Incentive Fee based on Income 
 The incentive fee based on the Fund s income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to each class of the Fund s Common Shares. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means dividends, cash interest or other distributions or other cash income and any third-party fees received from portfolio companies such as upfront fees, commitment fees, origination fee, amendment fees, ticking fees and break-up fees, as well as prepayments premiums, but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance and fees earned by the Adviser or an affiliate accrued during the month, minus operating expenses for the month (including the management fee, taxes, any expenses payable under the Advisory Agreement and an administration agreement with the Fund s administrator, any expense of securitizations, and interest expense or other financing fees and any dividends paid on preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee and shareholder servicing and /or distribution fees). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that the Fund has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Fund s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.00 annualized). 
 
 The Fund will pay the Adviser an income based incentive fee with respect to the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to the applicable share class do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.00 annualized); 

100 of the dollar amount of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to the applicable share class, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This portion of the Fund s Pre-Incentive 

85 

Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 is referred to as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 12.5 of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 

12.5 of the dollar amount of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns attributable to the applicable share class, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Adviser. 

These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. The Adviser has agreed to waive the incentive fee based on income for the first six months following the date on which the Fund breaks escrow. 
 Incentive Fee based on Capital Gains 
 The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains attributable to the applicable share class from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Administration Agreement 
 The Fund has entered into an Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement with FDS (the Administrator ). Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services necessary for the fund operations, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of net asset value NAV ), compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of the Fund s other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC and other regulators, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of the Fund s Board of Trustees (the Board ), managing the payment of expenses, the payment and receipt of funds for investments and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. In consideration of the administrative services provided by the Administrator to the Fund, the Fund will pay the Administrator a monthly fee of 0.02666 (0.32 on an annualized basis) of the Fund s month-end NAV and reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses of the Fund incurred by the Administrator. The Administration Fee is an expense paid out of the Fund s net assets and is computed based on the value of the net assets of the Fund as of the close of business on the last business day of each month (including any assets in respect of Shares that are repurchased as of the end of the quarter). 
 From time to time, FDS, in its capacity as both the Adviser and the Administrator or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. Unless such expenses are specifically assumed by the Adviser, Administrator or its affiliates under the Advisory Agreement or Administration Agreement, the Fund will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Fund s behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. 
 Costs and expenses of FDS in its capacity as both the Administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 
 Certain Terms of the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement 
 Each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first becomes effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the Fund s outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the Independent Trustees. The Fund may terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 60 days written notice, and the Administration Agreement upon 120 days written notice, without payment of any penalty. The decision to terminate either agreement may be made by a majority of the Board or the shareholders holding a majority of the Fund s outstanding voting securities, which means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (2) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities. In 
 86 

addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 120 days written notice and the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement upon 120 days written notice. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. 
 Transfer Agent Agreement 
 The Fund has entered into a Transfer Agent Agreement with Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company LLC FIIOC ), an affiliate of the Adviser. In accordance with the Transfer Agent Agreement, FIIOC is the Fund's transfer agent, distribution paying agent and registrar. FIIOC receives an asset-based fee with respect to each class of Common Shares. Each class pays a fee for transfer agent services equal to 0.0125 of class-level net assets as of the end of the last business day of the month. Such fees are payable in arrears. 
 Managing Dealer Agreement 
 The Fund has entered into a Managing Dealer Agreement (the Managing Dealer Agreement with Fidelity Distributors Company LLC (the Managing Dealer ). Under the terms of the Managing Dealer Agreement, the Managing Dealer will serve as the managing dealer for the Offering. The Managing Dealer will be entitled to receive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees monthly in arrears at a contractual rate of 0.85 per annum of the aggregate value of the Fund s net assets attributable to Class S shares as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. The Managing Dealer will be entitled to receive shareholder servicing fees monthly in arrears at a contractual rate of 0.25 per annum of the aggregate value of the Fund s net assets attributable to Class D shares as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. No shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid with respect to Class I. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be payable to the Managing Dealer, but the Managing Dealer will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers and will waive shareholder servicing fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 The Managing Dealer will cease receiving the distribution and/or shareholder servicing fee on Class S shares and Class D shares upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Fund with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets, or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of the Offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with such Offering is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from our primary shares sold in such Offering, as determined in good faith by the Managing Dealer in its sole discretion. 
 In addition, at the end of the month in which the Managing Dealer in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees paid with respect to any single share held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share (or a lower limit as determined by the Managing Dealer or the applicable broker), the Managing Dealer shall cease receiving the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on either (i) each such share that would exceed such limit or (ii) all Shares in such shareholder s account, in the Managing Dealer s discretion. At the end of such month, the applicable Distribution Shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV. 
 The Managing Dealer is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The Managing Dealer Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Fund s trustees who are not interested persons, as defined in the 1940 Act, of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the Fund s distribution plan or the Managing Dealer Agreement or by vote a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund, on not more than 60 days written notice to the Managing Dealer or the Adviser. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Either party may terminate the Managing Dealer Agreement upon 60 days written notice to the other party or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event such other party failed to comply with a material provision of the Managing Dealer Agreement. Obligations under the Managing Dealer Agreement to pay the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S and Class D shares distributed in this offering as described therein shall survive termination of the agreement until such shares are no longer outstanding (including such shares that have been converted into Class I shares, as described above). 
 87 

Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 The Fund has entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement for the first 12 months commencing on the date of the Expense Support Agreement, the Adviser is obligated to advance all of the Fund s Other Operating Expenses (as defined below) to the effect that such expenses do not exceed 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s NAV (referred to as a Required Expense Payment ). Any Required Expense Payment must be paid by the Adviser to the Fund in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds and/or offset against amounts due from the Fund to the Adviser or its affiliates. Other Operating Expenses means the Fund s organization and offering expenses, professional fees (including accounting, legal, and auditing fees), custodian and transfer agent fees, third party valuation agent fees, insurance costs, trustee fees, Administration Fees, and other general and administrative expenses. 
 Upon the termination of Adviser s obligation to make Required Expense Payments, the Adviser may elect to pay, at such times as the Adviser determines, certain expenses on the Fund s behalf, provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Fund (referred to as Voluntary Expense Payment and together with a Required Expense Payment, the Expense Payments ). Any Voluntary Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to the Fund in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than 45 days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Fund to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Fund s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Fund shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within 3 years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Fund shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. 
 Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) the Fund s net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) the Fund s net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Fund on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 No Reimbursement Payment for any month shall be made if: (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share declared by the Fund at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, (2) the Fund s Operating Expense Ratio at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relate, or (3) the Fund s Other Operating Expenses at the time of such Reimbursement Payment exceeds 0.70 of the Fund s NAV. Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365-day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder servicing fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing Operating Expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, management and incentive fees owed to the Adviser, shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees, and interest expense, by the Fund s net assets. Operating Expenses means all of the Fund s operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for investment companies. 
 The Fund s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Fund on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 Escrow Agreement 
 The Fund has entered into an escrow agreement (the Escrow Agreement with UMB Bank, N.A. The Fund will take purchase orders and hold investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until it receives purchase orders for at least 100,000,000, including any shares purchased in private offerings, and the Board has authorized the release of the escrowed purchase order proceeds to the Fund so that operations can commence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an investor may elect to withdraw its purchase order and request a full refund of its investment with interest and without deduction for escrow expenses at any time before the escrowed funds are released to the Fund. Once the Fund has broken escrow and commenced operations, interest earned on funds in escrow will be released to the Fund s account and constitute part of the Fund s net assets. 
 88 

Note 4. Share Repurchase Program 
 
 Beginning no later than the first full calendar quarter from the date on which the Fund breaks escrow for this offering, and at the discretion of the Fund s Board, the Fund intends to commence a share repurchase program in which the Fund intends to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the Fund s Common Shares outstanding (by number of shares) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in the Fund s best interest and the best interest of the Fund s shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. 
 
 The Fund expects to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers each quarter using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived, at the Fund s discretion, in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Fund for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 
 The Fund intends to conduct the repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased by the Fund pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 
 Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Fund enters into contracts that provide a variety of general indemnifications. Any exposure to the Fund under these arrangements could involve future claims that may be made against the Fund. Currently, no such claims exist or are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Fund has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 
 
 The Adviser and/or its affiliates have agreed to advance all of the Fund s organization and offering expenses on the Fund s behalf through the date on which the Fund breaks escrow for the offering. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, for the 12-month period commencing from the date of the Expense Support Agreement the Adviser is obligated to advance all of the Fund s Other Operating Expenses to the effect that such expenses do not exceed 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s NAV. The Fund will be obligated to reimburse the Adviser and/or its affiliates, as applicable, for such advanced expenses only if certain conditions are met. The total organization expenses, professional fees, Board of Trustees fees and other general and administrative costs incurred as of December 31, 2022 was 847,932, of which all had been advanced by the Adviser. The total offering expenses incurred as of December 31, 2022 was 1,306,724, of which all had been advanced by the Adviser. 
 
 Warehouse Investments 
 Beginning September 6, 2022, the Fund entered into multiple Purchase Agreements with Macquarie Bank Limited and certain of its affiliates (the Financing Provider ). Under the Purchase Agreements, the Fund has contingent forward obligations to settle the purchase of certain investments (the Warehouse Investments from the Financing Provider, who is obligated to sell such investments subject to the following conditions: (a) that the Fund has received subscriptions of at least 100 million; and (b) that the Board has approved the launch of the Fund and the purchase of the Warehouse Investments (collectively, the Warehousing Conditions ). The Warehouse Investments primarily consist of newly originated, privately negotiated senior secured term loans to middle market companies consistent with the Fund s investment strategy. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had 66,657,204 of contingent forward obligations to settle the purchase of Warehouse Investments. 
 
 The Fund s contingent forward obligations to the Financing Provider under the purchase agreements are guaranteed by an affiliate of the Adviser. 
 Note 6. Net Assets 
 In connection with its formation, the Fund has the authority to issue an unlimited number of common shares at 0.01 per share par value. On September 16, 2022, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 80 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. 
 The Fund intends to offer on a continuous basis up to 1,000,000,000 of common shares. The Fund expects to offer to sell any combination of three classes of common shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to 
 89 

the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different ongoing distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. Until the release of proceeds from escrow, the per share purchase price for common shares in the primary offering will be 25.00 per share. Thereafter, the purchase price per share for each class of common shares will equal the NAV per share as of the effective date of the monthly share purchase date. 
 The Fund will accept purchase orders and hold investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until the Fund receives purchase orders for at least 100,000,000, in any combination of purchases of Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, and the Fund s Board has authorized the release of funds in the escrow account. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Class S or Class D common shares outstanding. 
 Note 7. Subsequent Events 
 In preparation of these financial statements, management has evaluated the events and transactions subsequent to December 31, 2022, through the date when the financial statements were issued, and determined that there are no subsequent events or transactions that would require adjustments to or disclosures in the Fund s financial statements except as disclosed below. 
 Amendment to Advisory Agreement 
 On February 1, 2023, the Board of Trustees of Fidelity Private Credit Fund approved an amendment of the Fund s Investment Advisory Agreement Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement ). The Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement extends the initial duration of the agreement to November 30, 2024, and includes amendments that were made in response to comments from certain state securities regulators in connection with the registration of the Fund s shares in certain states. The amendments are intended to conform to certain provisions of the Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted by the North American Securities Administrators Association (the Omnibus Guidelines ), as interpreted by such state securities regulators. The amendments clarify that the Fund is prohibited from receiving or accepting any rebate, give-up or similar arrangement or participate in any reciprocal business arrangements as outlined in the Omnibus Guidelines, and further clarify that Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, the Fund s Adviser, will ensure that the Fund s assets are to be protected from the claims of creditors of affiliated companies. The Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement became effective on February 1, 2023. 
 Changes in Executive Officers 
 On February 1, 2023, the Board of Trustees of the Fund appointed Heather Bonner as President and Treasurer of the Fund, effective on February 1, 2023. Ms. Bonner s appointment coincides with the resignation, effective as of the close of business on February 1, 2023, of Stephanie Brown as the President and Treasurer of the Fund. Ms. Brown's decision to resign was not the result of any disagreement relating to FMR or the Fund s operations, policies or practices. Ms. Brown has assumed the role as Asset Management Chief Compliance Officer for FMR. 
 On February 1, 2023, the Board of Trustees of the Fund also appointed Harley Lank as Vice President of the Fund, effective on February 1, 2023. Mr. Lank s appointment coincides with the resignation, effective as of the close of business on February 1, 2023, of Vadim Zlotnikov as the Vice President of the Fund. Mr. Zlotnikov s decision to resign was not the result of any disagreement relating to FMR or the Fund s operations, policies or practices. Mr. Zlotnikov has assumed the role as Head of Fidelity Institutional for FMR. 
 Related Party Transaction 
 On March 13, 2023, an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 1,280,002 shares of the Fund s Class I common shares at 25.00 per share. 
 Release and Utilization of Escrow Proceeds 
 On March 13, 2023, the Fund broke escrow and launched Class I with approximately 102 million and 4,084,372 shares. Also on March 13, 2023, the Fund met the Warehousing Conditions and was obligated to acquire the assets held by the Financing 
 90 

Provider through forward purchase agreements. The forward purchase obligations to settle the purchase of the Warehouse Investments on March 13, 2023 were 104,798,430. 
 Credit Facility 
 On March 17, 2023 the Fund, as Borrower, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Facility pursuant to a Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (the Agreement ), with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, the lenders party thereto (the Lenders ), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as lead arranger and bookrunner. The Agreement is effective as of March 17, 2023. 
 The Fund may borrow amounts in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies under the Facility. Advances under the Facility drawn in U.S. dollars will initially bear interest at a per annum rate equal to 0.75 or 0.875 plus an alternate base rate (as described in the Agreement) in the case of any ABR Loan and 1.75 or 1.875 plus the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate in the case of any other Loan, in each case, depending on the Fund s rate option election and borrowing base (as of the most recently delivered borrowing base certificate delivered under the Agreement). Advances under the Facility drawn in currencies other than U.S. dollars will initially bear interest at a per annum rate equal to 1.75 or 1.875 , in each case depending on the Fund s borrowing base (as of the most recently delivered borrowing base certificate delivered under the Agreement), plus any applicable credit spread adjustment, plus certain local rates consistent with market standards, each as specified in the Agreement. The Fund will also pay a fee of 0.375 on average daily undrawn amounts under the Facility. 
 The initial principal amount of the Facility is 460,000,000, subject to availability under the borrowing base, which is based on the Fund s portfolio investments and other outstanding indebtedness, with an accordion provision to permit increases to the total facility amount up to 1,000,000,000, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 The Facility is guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Fund, and will be guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries of the Fund that are formed or acquired by the Fund in the future (collectively, the Guarantors ). Proceeds of the Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, repaying outstanding indebtedness, making distributions, contributions and investments, and acquisition and funding, and such other uses as permitted under the Agreement. 
 The Facility is secured by a perfected first-priority interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Fund and each Guarantor, subject to certain exceptions, and includes a 60,000,000 limit for swingline loans. 
 The availability period under the Facility will terminate on March 17, 2027 (the Commitment Termination Date and the Facility will mature on March 17, 2028 (the Maturity Date ). During the period from the Commitment Termination Date to the Maturity Date, the Fund will be obligated to make mandatory prepayments under the Facility out of the proceeds of certain asset sales, other recovery events and equity and debt issuances. 
 The Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants requiring the Fund to maintain a minimum shareholders equity and asset coverage ratio, and certain limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, as well as usual and customary events of default for revolving credit facilities of this nature. 
 91 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our President and Treasurer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) or an attestation report of the Fund s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other I nformation. 
 On March 17, 2023 the Fund, as Borrower, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Facility pursuant to a Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (the Agreement ), with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, the lenders party thereto (the Lenders ), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as lead arranger and bookrunner. The Agreement is effective as of March 17, 2023. 
 The Fund may borrow amounts in U.S. dollars or certain other permitted currencies under the Facility. Advances under the Facility drawn in U.S. dollars will initially bear interest at a per annum rate equal to 0.75 or 0.875 plus an alternate base rate (as described in the Agreement) in the case of any ABR Loan and 1.75 or 1.875 plus the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate in the case of any other Loan, in each case, depending on the Fund s rate option election and borrowing base (as of the most recently delivered borrowing base certificate delivered under the Agreement). Advances under the Facility drawn in currencies other than U.S. dollars will initially bear interest at a per annum rate equal to 1.75 or 1.875 , in each case depending on the Fund s borrowing base (as of the most recently delivered borrowing base certificate delivered under the Agreement), plus any applicable credit spread adjustment, plus certain local rates consistent with market standards, each as specified in the Agreement. The Fund will also pay a fee of 0.375 on average daily undrawn amounts under the Facility. 
 The initial principal amount of the Facility is 460,000,000, subject to availability under the borrowing base, which is based on the Fund s portfolio investments and other outstanding indebtedness, with an accordion provision to permit increases to the total facility amount up to 1,000,000,000, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 The Facility is guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Fund, and will be guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries of the Fund that are formed or acquired by the Fund in the future (collectively, the Guarantors ). Proceeds of the Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, repaying outstanding indebtedness, making distributions, contributions and investments, and acquisition and funding, and such other uses as permitted under the Agreement. 
 The Facility is secured by a perfected first-priority interest in substantially all of the portfolio investments held by the Fund and each Guarantor, subject to certain exceptions, and includes a 60,000,000 limit for swingline loans. 
 The availability period under the Facility will terminate on March 17, 2027 (the Commitment Termination Date and the Facility will mature on March 17, 2028 (the Maturity Date ). During the period from the Commitment Termination Date to the 
 92 

Maturity Date, the Fund will be obligated to make mandatory prepayments under the Facility out of the proceeds of certain asset sales, other recovery events and equity and debt issuances. 
 The Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants requiring the Fund to maintain a minimum shareholders equity and asset coverage ratio, and certain limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, as well as usual and customary events of default for revolving credit facilities of this nature. 
 The description above is only a summary of the material provisions of the Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.14 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regar ding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 93 

PART III 
 Item 10. Direc tors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Board 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Trustees. The Trustees are experienced executives who meet periodically throughout the year to oversee the Fund s activities, including, among other things, the oversight of our investment activities, the valuation of our assets, review of contractual arrangements with companies that provide services to the Fund, oversight of our financing arrangements and corporate governance activities. Our Board consists of four members, three of whom are not interested persons of the Fund or of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act and are independent, as determined by our Board. We refer to these individuals as Independent Trustees . Our Board elects our executive officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. 
 Trustees 
 Information regarding the Board is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Year of Birth 
 
 Position 
 
 Length of Time Served 

Interested Trustees 

David B. Jones 
 
 1962 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Trustees 
 
 Since 2022 

Independent Trustees 

Jennifer M. Birmingham 
 
 1971 
 
 Trustee 
 
 Since 2022 

Matthew J. Conti 
 
 1966 
 
 Trustee 
 
 Since 2022 

Tara C. Kenney 
 
 1960 
 
 Trustee 
 
 Since 2022 

The address for each trustee is c/o Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. While we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board will be divided into three classes of trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. 
 Executive Officers Who are Not Trustees 
 Information regarding our executive officers who are not Trustees is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Year of Birth 
 
 Position 
 
 Length of Time Served 

Heather Bonner 
 
 1977 
 
 President and Treasurer 
 
 Since 2023 

John J. Burke III 
 
 1964 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Since 2022 

David Gaito 
 
 1976 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Since 2022 

Therese Icuss 
 
 1983 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Since 2022 

Cynthia Lo Bessette 
 
 1969 
 
 Secretary and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 Since 2022 

Ksenia Portnoy 
 
 1980 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 Since 2022 

Jeffrey Scott 
 
 1975 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Since 2022 

Vishal Sheth 
 
 1982 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Since 2022 

Harley Lank 
 
 1968 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Since 2023 

The address for each executive officer is c/o Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 
 
 Biographical Information 
 The following is information concerning the business experience of our Board and executive officers. Our Trustees have been divided into two groups Interested Trustees and Independent Trustees. Interested Trustees are interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 94 

Interested Trustees 
 David B. Jones. Chairman of the Board of Trustees. Mr. Jones also serves as Trustee of other Fidelity funds. Prior to his retirement, Mr. Jones served in a variety of positions at Fidelity Investments (1982-2008), retiring as a Senior Vice President. His duties included new product development, serving as a liaison to the board of trustees of various Fidelity funds, and development of policies and procedures for fund investments in derivatives and complex securities. He also served on the FMR Fair Value Committee, which is responsible for day-to-day valuation activities for various Fidelity funds. 
 Independent Trustees 
 Jennifer M. Birmingham. Trustee. Ms. Birmingham also serves as Trustee of other Fidelity funds. Ms. Birmingham serves as Managing Director of Princeton University Investment Company (PRINCO) (2010-present). Previously, Ms. Birmingham served in a variety of positions at Deutsche Bank Asset Management (2002-2010), including Managing Director, Global CFO of DB Advisors and Deutsche Insurance Asset Management, Americas CFO of DWS Americas and various legal entities (2005-2010). Prior to Deutsche Bank, Ms. Birmingham was an employee of Investors Bank and Trust Company (1997-2002) and Deloitte Touche LLP (1993-1997). 
 Matthew J. Conti. Trustee . Mr. Conti also serves as Trustee of other Fidelity funds. Prior to his retirement, Mr. Conti served in a variety of positions at Fidelity Investments, including as a portfolio manager to certain Fidelity funds (2000-2018) and research analyst (1995-2003). Mr. Conti serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy (2021-present). 
 Tara C. Kenney. Trustee. Ms. Kenney also serves as Trustee of other Fidelity funds. Prior to her retirement, Ms. Kenney served as Senior Vice President of Boston Common Asset Management (2017-2020). Previously, Ms. Kenney served as Managing Director in a variety of roles for Deutsche Asset Management (2003-2016) as well as Scudder Investments where she was a Portfolio Manager (1995-2003). Currently, Ms. Kenney serves as a Board member for a number of non-profit organizations and academic institutions, including Catholic Charities USA (2017-present) and the Kellogg Institute for International Studies at the University of Notre Dame (2002-present). Ms. Kenney is also an adjunct professor of finance at the University of Notre Dame. 
 Executive Officers Who are not Trustees 
 Heather Bonner. President and Treasurer. Ms. Bonner also serves as President and Treasurer of other funds. Ms. Bonner serves as Senior Vice President (2022 present) and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (2022 present). Ms. Bonner serves as Assistant Treasurer of Fidelity CRET Trustee LLC (real estate development and management, 2022 present). Prior to joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Bonner served as the treasurer and principal financial officer of the AQR Funds (2013 2022). 
 John J. Burke III. Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Burke also serves as Chief Financial Officer of other affiliated funds. Mr. Burke serves as Head of Fidelity Fund and Investment Operations (2018-present) and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (1998-present). Previously Mr. Burke served as head of Asset Management Investment Operations (2012-2018). 
 David Gaito. Vice President. Mr. Gaito serves as Head of Direct Lending in the High Income and Alternatives division (2021-present) and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (2021-present). Prior to joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Gaito held several senior roles at PNC Corporate and Institutional Banking (1999-2021). He was most recently an executive vice president and division executive for PNC s middle market senior secured lending platform. 
 Therese Icuss. Vice President. Ms. Icuss serves as Managing Director of underwriting and credit in the High Income and Alternatives division (2021-present) and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (2021-present). Prior to joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Icuss was co-head of underwriting at Twin Brook Capital Partners from 2019-2021, Director (2018-2019) and VP (2016-2017). 
 Harley Lank. Vice President. Mr. Lank serves as President of Fidelity Investments High Income and Alternatives division, is an employee of Fidelity Investments (1996 present), and a portfolio manager of certain Fidelity funds and other privately offered funds. Mr. Lank also serves as Chief Executive Officer, President, or Director of certain Fidelity entities. Previously, Mr. Lank managed various Fidelity funds and products. 
 Cynthia Lo Bessette. Secretary and Chief Legal Officer. Ms. Lo Bessette also serves as an officer of other affiliated funds. Ms. Lo Bessette serves as CLO, Secretary, and Senior Vice President of Fidelity Management Research Company LLC (investment adviser firm, 2019-present); Secretary of Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC (investment adviser firm, 
 95 

2022-present); CLO of Fidelity Management Research (Hong Kong) Limited, FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited, and Fidelity Management Research (Japan) Limited (investment adviser firms, 2019-present); Secretary of FD Funds GP LLC (2021-present), FD Funds Holding LLC (2021-present), and FD Funds Management LLC (2021-present); and Assistant Secretary of FIMM, LLC (2019-present). She is a Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of FMR LLC (diversified financial services company, 2019-present), and is an employee of Fidelity Investments. Previously, Ms. Lo Bessette served as CLO, Secretary, and Senior Vice President of FMR Co., Inc. (investment adviser firm, 2019); Secretary of Fidelity SelectCo, LLC and Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (investment adviser firms, 2019). Prior to joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Lo Bessette was Executive Vice President, General Counsel (2016-2019) and Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel (2015-2016) of OppenheimerFunds (investment management company) and Deputy Chief Legal Officer (2013-2015) of Jennison Associates LLC (investment adviser firm). 
 Ksenia Portnoy. Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Portnoy also serves as Chief Compliance Officer of other affiliated funds. Ms. Portnoy is a Senior Vice President of Asset Management Compliance for Fidelity Investments and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (2021-present). Prior to joining Fidelity, Ms. Portnoy worked in the asset management divisions of Morgan Stanley Investment Management (investment adviser firm, 2020-2021), Mizuho (investment adviser firm, 2015-2020), Guggenheim Partners (investment adviser firm, 2012-2015) and Neuberger Berman (formerly, Lehman Brothers (investment adviser firm, 2008-2012)). 
 Jeffrey Scott. Vice President. Mr. Scott serves as Managing Director of originations in the High Income Alternatives division (2021-present) and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (2021-present). Prior to joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Scott was a Managing Director at Madison Capital Funding (now Apogem Capital) (2013-2021). 
 Vishal Sheth, Vice President. Mr. Sheth serves as Head of Alternatives Finance for the Asset Management division at Fidelity and is an employee of Fidelity Investments (2022-present). Prior to joining Fidelity, Mr. Sheth was Chief Financial Officer at Twin Brook Capital Partners (2017-2022) and Director of Accounting at Angelo Gordon (2014-2017). He has been in the financial industry since 2004. 
 Communications with Trustees 
 Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board by mail. To communicate with the Board, any individual Trustees or any group or committee of Trustees, correspondence should be addressed to the Board or any such individual Trustees or group or committee of Trustees by either name or title. All such correspondence should be sent to Fidelity Private Credit Fund, c/o Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. This code of ethics is available on the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Committee of the Board 
 Our Board currently has one committee: an audit committee. We do not have a compensation committee because our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from us. We also do not have a nominating committee; such matters are considered by the full Board, including the Independent Trustees, or, when applicable, by only the Independent Trustees. The Board will consider nominees for Trustees recommended by shareholders. Recommendations should be submitted to the Independent Trustees in care of the Secretary of the Fund. Under the Declaration of Trust, the Fund is not required to hold annual meetings. 
 Audit Committee 
 The audit committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by the Board. The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the audit committee. The primary function of the audit committee is to serve as an independent and objective party to assist the Board in selecting, engaging and discharging our independent accountants, reviewing the plans, scope and results of audit engagements with our independent accountants, approving professional services provided by our independent accountants (including compensation therefore), reviewing the independence of our independent accountants and reviewing the adequacy of our internal 
 96 

controls over financial reporting. The audit committee is presently composed of three persons including Jennifer Birmingham, Matthew Conti and Tara Kenney, all of whom are considered independent for purposes of the 1940 Act. Jennifer Birmingham serves as the chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board has determined that Jennifer Birmingham qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. Each of the members of the audit committee meet the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and, in addition, is not an interested person of the Fund or of the Adviser as defined in section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 A copy of the charter of the Audit Committee is available in print to any shareholder who requests it, and it will also be available on the Fund s website at fidcredit.com. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Among other things, our Board sets broad policies for us, approves the appointment of our investment adviser, administrator and officers, and has oversight of the valuation process used to establish the Fund s NAV. The role of our Board, and of any individual Trustees, is one of oversight and not of management of our day-to-day affairs. 
 Under our bylaws, our Board may designate one of our Trustees as chair to preside over meetings of our Board and meetings of shareholders, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by our Board. David B. Jones is an interested person and currently serves as Chairman. The Trustees have determined that an interested Chairman is appropriate and benefits shareholders because an interested Chairman has a personal and professional stake in the quality and continuity of services provided to the Fund. Independent Trustees exercise their informed business judgment to appoint an individual of their choosing to serve as Chairman, regardless of whether the Trustee happens to be independent or a member of management. The Independent Trustees have determined that they can act independently and effectively without having an Independent Trustee serve as Chairman and that a key structural component for assuring that they are in a position to do so is for the Independent Trustees to constitute a substantial majority for the Board. The Independent Trustees also regularly meet in executive session. 
 Fidelity funds are overseen by different Boards of Trustees. Our Board oversees the Fund and certain Fidelity s alternative investment funds. Other Boards oversee Fidelity s investment-grade bond, money market, asset allocation, high income and equity funds. The use of separate Boards, each with its own committee structure, allows the Trustees of each group of Fidelity funds to focus on the unique issues of the funds they oversee, including common research, investment, and operational issues. On occasion, the separate Boards establish joint committees to address issues of overlapping consequences for the Fidelity funds overseen by each Board. Our Board believes that, collectively, the Trustees have balanced and diverse experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills, which allow the Board to operate effectively in governing the Fund and protecting the interests of shareholders. 
 Board Role in Risk Oversight 
 Our Board performs its risk oversight function primarily through (i) its standing committee, which reports to the entire Board and is comprised solely of Independent Trustees, and (ii) active monitoring by our CCO and our compliance policies and procedures. 
 Oversight of our investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed by the Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of our investment activities. The Board anticipates reviewing risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board s oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of investments. 
 We believe that the role of our Board in risk oversight is generally effective and appropriate given the extensive regulation to which we will be subject as a BDC. As a BDC, we will be required to comply with certain regulatory requirements that control the levels of risk in our business and operations. For example, we are limited in our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates, including investing in any portfolio company in which one of our affiliates currently has an investment. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, the Fund s executive officers and trustees, and any persons holding more than 10 of the Fund s shares, are required to report their beneficial ownership and any changes therein to the SEC. Specific due 
 97 

dates for those reports have been established, and the Fund is required to report herein any failure to file such reports by those due dates. Based on the Fund s review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Fund s executive officers and trustees, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such persons were timely filed. 
 Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by Trustees 
 The following table sets forth the dollar range of our equity securities as of March 16, 2023: 

Name and Address 
 
 Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Fund (1)(2)(3) 
 
 Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Fund Complex (1)(3)(4) 

Interested Trustees 

David B. Jones 
 
 over 100,000 
 
 over 100,000 

Independent Trustees 

Jennifer M. Birmingham 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Matthew J. Conti 
 
 None 
 
 over 100,000 

Tara C. Kenney 
 
 None 
 
 None 

1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16-1(a)(2) of the Exchange Act. 

2) Dollar ranges were determined using the number of shares that are beneficially owned as of March 16, 2023, multiplied by the Fund s net asset value per share as of 25.00. 

3) The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned are: none, 1 - 10,000, 10,001 - 50,000, 50,001 - 100,000, or over 100,000. 

4) The Fund Complex consists of the Fund, Fidelity Risk Parity Fund, Fidelity Macro Opportunities Fund, Fidelity Hedged Equity Fund, and Fidelity Hedged Equity Central Fund. 

Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 Executive Compensation 
 None of our officers will receive direct compensation from us. 
 Compensation of Trustees 
 Our Trustees who do not also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or the Adviser are entitled to receive annual cash retainer fees, annual fees for serving on committees and annual fees for serving as a committee chairperson. These Trustees are Jennifer Birmingham, Matthew Conti and Tara Kenney. The below table sets forth compensation received by each Trustee from the Fund for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Annual Committee Chair Cash Retainer 

Annual Cash Retainer 

Committee Retainer Fee 

Audit 

170,000 

10,000 

8,000 

We also reimburse each of the Trustees for all reasonable and authorized business expenses in accordance with our policies as in effect from time to time, including reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each board meeting and each committee meeting not held concurrently with a board meeting. 
 98 

We will not pay compensation to our Trustees who also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or the Adviser. 

Name 
 
 Total Compensation earned from the Fund for the year ended December 31, 2022 (3) 

Total Compensation earned from the Fund Complex for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Interested Trustees 

David B. Jones (1) 

Independent Trustees 

Jennifer M. Birmingham (2) 

43,250 

135,500 

Matthew J. Conti 

41,250 

127,500 

Tara C. Kenney 

41,250 

127,500 

(1) David B. Jones is an interested trustee and, as such, does not receive compensation from the Fund or the Fund Complex for his services as trustee. 

(2) Includes compensation as Chairperson of the Audit Committee. 

(3) The Fund does not have a profit-sharing plan and trustees do not receive any pension or retirement benefits from the Fund. 

Item 12. Secu rity Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 16, 2023, information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Shares at the time of the satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement by: 
 each person known to us to be expected to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding Common Shares; 

each of our Trustees and each executive officers; and 

all of our Trustees and executive officers as a group. 

Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 4,084,372 shares outstanding as of March 16, 2023. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. 

Common Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name and Address 
 
 Number 

Percentage 

Interested Trustees 

David B. Jones 

6,000 

Independent Trustees (1) 

Jennifer M. Birmingham 

Matthew J. Conti 

Tara C. Kenney 

Executive Officers who are not Trustees (1) 

Heather Bonner 

John J. Burke III 

David Gaito 

16,000 

Therese Icuss 

10,000 

Cynthia Lo Bessette 

Ksenia Portnoy 

Jeffrey Scott 

10,000 

Vishal Sheth 

5,000 

Harley Lank 

80,000 

1.96 

Other 

FMR Capital, Inc. (2) 

80 

FMR LLC (2) 

1,280,002 

31.34 

All officers and Trustees as a group (13 persons) 

127,000 

3.11 

Less than 1 . 
 (1) The address for all of the Fund s officers and Trustees is Fidelity Private Credit Fund, c/o Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 

(2) The address for FMR Capital, Inc. and FMR LLC is 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 

99 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement; Expense Support Agreement 
 We have entered into an Advisory Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a management fee at an annual rate of 1.25. of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, net assets mean the Fund s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. We also pay the Adviser a two-part incentive fee based on (i) the amount by which our pre-incentive fee net investment income returns exceed a certain hurdle rate and (ii) our capital gains. 
 We have entered into an Administration Agreement with the Administrator pursuant to which we pay the Administrator an administration fee at an annual rate of 0.32 of the Fund s month-end net asset value. 
 Each of the Advisory and Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 We have also entered into the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, for the 12-month period commencing from the date of the Expense Support Agreement the Adviser is obligated to advance all of our Other Operating Expenses (as defined below) to the effect that such expenses do not exceed 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s NAV. We will be obligated to reimburse the Adviser and/or its affiliates, as applicable, for such advanced expenses only if certain conditions are met. Other Operating Expenses means the Fund s organization and offering expenses, professional fees (including accounting, legal and auditing fees), custodian and transfer agent fees, third-party valuation agent fees, insurance costs, trustee fees, administration fees and other general and administrative fees. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay the Adviser any base management fees. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay or accrue any income based incentive fee or any capital gain incentive fee. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not incur any administrative fees. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not reimburse any expenses advanced by the Adviser. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the amount of expense support provided by the Adviser since inception was 847,932. The following table reflects the expense support that may be subject to reimbursement pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement: 

For the period ended 
 
 Amount of Expense Support 

Amount of Reimbursement Payment 

Amount of Unreimbursed Expense Support 

Reimbursement Eligibility Expiration 

December 31, 2022 

847,932 

847,932 

December 31, 2025 

Total 

847,932 

847,932 

Co-Investment Relief 
 We and the Adviser have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons in negotiated transactions, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Fund s Board may establish Board-Established Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Fund will have the opportunity to participate with other public or private affiliated funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board-Established Criteria, the Adviser must offer an opportunity for the Fund to participate. We may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether the Adviser determines that the investment is appropriate for the Fund e.g. , based on investment strategy). The co-investment would generally be allocated to us and the other affiliated funds that target similar assets in accordance with allocation policies and procedures described above. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 100 

Transactions with Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 The Adviser may be deemed a promoter of the Fund. We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser and the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. The Adviser, for its services to us, are entitled to receive management fees and incentive fees in addition to the reimbursement of certain expenses. The Administrator, for its services to us, are entitled to receive reimbursement of certain expenses. In addition, under the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in the discretion of our Board, we have indemnified the Adviser and the Administrator and certain of their affiliates. See Item 1. Business . 
 Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons 
 The Board or Audit Committee, as appropriate, reviews potential related party transactions brought to its attention pursuant to the Fund s compliance policies and procedures. The Fund s policies and procedures and Code of Ethics place significant restrictions on related party transactions. 
 Trustee Independence 
 For information regarding the independence of our trustees, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 Item 14. Prin cipal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Audit Fees 
 The aggregate audit fees billed by (PCAOB ID No. for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 80,350. 
 Fees included in the audit fees category are those associated with the seed and annual audit of the Fund s financial statements and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 No audit-related fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Audit-related fees are for any services rendered to the Fund that are reasonably related to the performance of the audits or reviews of the Fund s financial statements (but not reported as audit fees above). These services include attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 No audit-related fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Fund, for engagements directly related to the Fund s operations and financial reporting, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Tax Fees 
 No tax fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for services rendered to the Fund for professional tax services for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Fees included in the tax fees category comprise all services performed by professional staff in the independent registered public accountant s tax division except those services related to the audits. This category comprises fees for services provided in connection with the preparation and review of the Fund s tax returns. 
 No tax fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Fund, for engagements directly related to the Fund s operations and financial reporting, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 All Other Fees 
 No fees billed by Deloitte Touche LLP for products and services provided to the Fund, other than the services reported in Audit Fees above, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 101 

Fees were billed by Deloitte Touche LLP to the Adviser, or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the Adviser, that provides ongoing services to the Fund, for engagements directly related to the Fund s operations and financial reporting, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Aggregate Non-Audit Fees 
 No non-audit fees were billed to the Adviser and service affiliates by Deloitte Touche LLP for non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2022. This includes any non-audit services required to be pre-approved or non-audit services that did not require pre-approval since they did not directly relate to the Fund s operations or financial reporting. 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Provided to the Fund 
 As part of this responsibility, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by our independent auditor (the Independent Auditor in order to assure that the performance of these services does not impair the auditor s independence from the Fund. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures, which sets forth the conditions and procedures governing the pre-approval services that the Independent Auditor proposes to provide. 
 Annual Approval 
 On an annual basis, at the time of the appointment of our independent auditor and such other times as determined by the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee will consider and approve the services (including audit, audit-related, tax and all other services) that the Independent Auditor may initiate. Summary descriptions of the types of services the Audit Committee believes are appropriate for annual approval are provided in accordance with adopted policies and procedures. In addition, in connection with the annual pre-approval of services, the Audit Committee will supplementally review and approve a detailed presentation that sets forth the types of audit, audit-related, tax and other services proposed to be provided by the Independent Auditor, which shall include estimates of the fees for such services. The Audit Committee may periodically revise the list of pre-approved services based on subsequent determinations. 
 Specific Pre-Approval 
 Specific pre-approval is required for the provision of certain audit services as described in the policies and procedures. In addition, if a service proposed to be performed by the Independent Auditor does not fall within an existing pre-approval, either because it is a new type of service or because provision of the service would cause the Independent Auditor to exceed the maximum dollar amount approved for a particular type of service, the proposed service will require specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee. 
 De Minimis Exception 
 In the event that the Independent Auditor is inadvertently engaged other than by the Audit Committee for a non-audit service, such engagement will not be a violation of the Audit Committee s Independent Auditor Services Policy if: (i) any and all such services do not aggregate to more than 5 of total revenues paid by the Fund to the Independent Auditor in the fiscal year when services are provided; (ii) the services were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; (iii) the services are promptly brought to the attention of the Audit Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Audit Committee or one or more designated representatives; and (iv) separate disclosure of the services retroactively approved under this exception is made in accordance with the proxy disclosure rules. 
 The Audit Committee has considered these fees and the nature of the services rendered, and has concluded that they are compatible with maintaining the independence of Deloitte Touche LLP. The Audit Committee did not approve any of the audit-related, tax, or other non-audit fees described above pursuant to the de minimis exceptions set forth in Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) and Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. Deloitte Touche LLP did not provide any audit-related services, tax services or other non-audit services to the Adviser or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Fund that the Audit Committee was required to approve pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. The Audit Committee considered whether any provision of non-audit services rendered to the Adviser and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Fund that were not pre-approved by the Audit Committee because the engagement did not relate directly to the operations and financial reporting of the Fund is compatible with maintaining Deloitte Touche LLP s independence. 
 102 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhib its, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (1) For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page 77 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated into this Item by reference. 

(2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits: 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 

3.1 
 Declaration of Trust of the Registrant. 

3.2 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant. 

3.3 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 

4.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (FI). 

4.2 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (PI). 

10.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement(4) 

10.2 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement. 

10.3 
 Managing Dealer Agreement. 

10.4 
 Form of Selected Intermediary Agreement(1) 

10.5 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 

10.6 
 Distribution and Service Plan Class S and Class D Shares. 

10.7 
 Distribution and Service Plan Class I Shares. 

10.8 
 Custodian Agreement, between State Street Bank and Trust Company and Fidelity Private Credit Fund(3) 

10.9 
 Multiple Class of Shares Plan. 

10.10 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. 

10.11 
 Amendment to the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. 

10.12 
 Fee Waiver Agreement. 

10.13 
 Subscription Agreement for Seed Capital(2) 

103 

10.14 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among Fidelity Private Credit Fund, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as lead arrangers and bookrunners. (5) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics(2) 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries. 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith 
 (1) Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Fund s Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-267297), filed on September 6, 2022. 
 (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-267297), filed on October 28, 2022. 
 (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-267297), filed on December 30, 2022. 
 (4) Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Fund s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 6, 2023. 
 (5) Schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 Item 16. Form 10 -K Summary 
 None. 
 104 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Heather Bonner 

Name: 
 
 Heather Bonner 

Title: 
 
 President and Treasurer (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Annual Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Heather Bonner 

Heather Bonner 
 
 President and Treasurer (principal executive officer) 
 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ John J. Burke III 

John J. Burke III 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ David B. Jones 

David B. Jones 
 
 Trustee and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Jennifer M. Birmingham 

Jennifer M. Birmingham 
 
 Trustee 
 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Matthew J. Conti 

Matthew J. Conti 
 
 Trustee 
 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Tara C. Kenney 

Tara C. Kenney 
 
 Trustee 
 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Heather Bonner 

As Agent or Attorney-in-Fact 

The original power of attorney authorizing Heather Bonner to execute the Annual Report, and any amendments thereto, for the trustees of the Registrant on whose behalf this Annual Report is filed have been executed and filed as an Exhibit hereto. 

105 

<EX-3>
 2
 ck0001920453-ex3_1.htm
 EX-3.1

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.1 
 DECLARATION OF TRUST , dated as of March 23, 2022, is made by the individual trustee identified on the signature page hereto (the Trustee and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Delaware trustee (the Delaware Trustee ). The Trustee and the Delaware Trustee hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. The trust formed hereby (the Trust shall be known as Fidelity Private Credit Trust in which name the Trustee may conduct the business of the Trust, make and execute contracts, and sue and be sued. 

2. The Trustee hereby acknowledges that she is holding the sum of 10 in trust, which amount shall constitute the initial trust estate. The Trustee hereby declares that she will hold the trust estate in trust for such persons as may become entitled to a beneficial interest in the trust estate. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust created hereby constitute a statutory trust under Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. Code 3801 et seq. (the Statutory Trust Act ), and that this document constitutes the governing instrument of the Trust. The Trustee and the Delaware Trustee are hereby authorized and directed to execute and file a certificate of trust in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in the form attached hereto. The Trust is hereby established by the Trustee for the purpose of becoming a business development company subject to making an election under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and engaging in such other activities as are necessary, convenient or incidental thereto. 

3. The Trustee and the Delaware Trustee intend to enter into an amended and restated Declaration of Trust, satisfactory to each party thereto, to provide for the contemplated operation of the Trust formed hereby. Prior to the execution and delivery of such amended and restated Declaration of Trust, the Trustee and the Delaware Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation hereunder or with respect to the trust estate, except as required by law. 

4. The following persons be, and they hereby are, elected to the offices listed opposite their names, each to serve (a) until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified, (b) until his or her death or (c) until he or she shall have resigned or have been removed by the Trustee: 

Cynthia Lo Bessette	Secretary and Chief Legal Officer 
 Joseph Benedetti 	Assistant Secretary 
 5. The Trustee and the officers of the Trust are hereby authorized: (i) to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission and execute, in each case on behalf of the Trust, as applicable, (a) a Registration Statement on Form N-2 (including any pre-effective or post-effective amendments thereto) relating to the registration of the securities of the Trust under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), (b) subscription documents, including any amendments to such subscription documents, relating to the initial public offering of the securities of the Trust, (c) a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (including any pre-effective or post-effective amendments thereto) relating to the registration of the securities of the Trust under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), (d) the Notice of Intent to Elect to be Subject to Section 55 through 65 of the 1940 Act on Form N-6F, (e) the Notification of Election to be Subject to Section 55 through 65 of the 1940 Act on Form N-54A and (f) any additional filings, including any filings under Rule 462(b), 462(d) and 497 of the 1933 Act, request, report or application or amendment thereto with the Commission that may be required from time to time under the 1940 Act, the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) to cause the Trust to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as may be set forth in a Registration Statement referenced herein; (iii) to prepare, execute and file, in each case on behalf of the Trust, such applications, reports and other papers and documents as may be required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; (iv) to prepare, execute and file, in each case on behalf of the Trust, such applications, reports, surety bonds, irrevocable consents, appointments of attorney for service of process and other papers and documents as shall be necessary or desirable to register the securities of the Trust under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Trustee and officers may deem necessary or desirable; (v) to negotiate the terms of, and execute on behalf of the Trust, such distribution agreements, 

1 

investment advisory agreements and other contracts among the Trust and any other persons relating to the issuance of the securities of the Trust, satisfactory to each such party and (vi) to make any and all necessary filings and to take any and all actions, including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of any and all documents, amendments, certificates or other instruments, that they, together with and upon the advice of counsel, shall deem necessary or advisable to conduct the business of the Trust, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the taking of such actions and steps and the execution and delivery of such documents, amendments, certificates or other instruments. 

6. The Delaware Trustee is named herein for purposes of satisfying the requirements of Section 3807 of the Statutory Trust Act only. The duties of the Delaware Trustee shall be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Trust in the State of Delaware and (ii) the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under Section 3811 of the Statutory Trust Act, at the written direction of the Trustee. The Delaware Trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any powers, nor shall the Delaware Trustee have any of the duties and responsibilities, of the Trustee set forth herein. The Delaware Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to supervise or monitor the Trustee or any officer of the Trust. 

7. There shall initially be one (1) trustee and thereafter the number of trustees shall be such number as shall be fixed from time to time by a written instrument signed by a majority of the trustees, which may increase or decrease the number of trustees; provided , however , that the number of trustees shall in no event be less than one (1). Subject to the foregoing, the trustees, acting by majority vote, are entitled to appoint or remove without cause any trustee at any time. Any trustee may resign upon 30 days prior notice to the other trustees. For the avoidance of doubt, the Delaware Trustee shall not be deemed to be a trustee as such term is used in this Section 7 and shall have no duty, obligation, or right, to vote on the appointment or removal of any trustee. 

8. (a) The Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the officers of the Trust (the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons shall not be liable, responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise to the Trust, the Trustee, the Delaware Trustee or any holder of the Trust s securities for any loss, damage or claim incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons in good faith on behalf of the Trust and in a manner the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons reasonably believed to be within the scope of authority conferred on the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons by this Declaration of Trust or by law, except that the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons shall be liable for any such loss, damage or claim incurred by reason of the Fiduciary Indemnified Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions, as finally determined by any court of competent jurisdiction. 

(b) The Fiduciary Indemnified Persons shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Trust and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Trust by any person as to matters the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons reasonably believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Trust, including information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities, profits, losses, or any other facts pertinent to the trust estate. 
 9. The Trust shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 

a. indemnify and hold harmless each Fiduciary Indemnified Person from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, action, suit, tax, penalty, expense or claim of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred by the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons by reason of the creation, operation or termination of the Trust, except that no Fiduciary Indemnified Persons shall be entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage, liability, action, suit or claim incurred by the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons by reason of gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions, as finally determined by any court of competent jurisdiction; and 

b. advance expenses (including legal fees and including costs of enforcing the Trust s obligations under this Section 9) incurred by a Fiduciary Indemnified Person in defending any claim, 

2 

demand, action, suit or proceeding, from time to time, prior to the final disposition of such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt by the Trust of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Fiduciary Indemnified Persons to repay such amount if it shall be determined that such Fiduciary Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in the preceding subsection. 

10. The provisions of Section 9 shall survive the resignation or removal of the Fiduciary Indemnified Persons and the termination of this Declaration of Trust. 

11. The Trust may dissolve, wind-up and terminate without issuing any securities at the election of the Trustee. 

12. This Declaration of Trust and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and all rights and remedies shall be governed by such laws without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. 

13. Concerning the Delaware Trustee: 

(a) No implied obligations shall be inferred from this Declaration of Trust on the part of the Delaware Trustee. The Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for the acts or omissions of the Trustee nor shall the Delaware Trustee be liable for any act or omission by it in good faith in accordance with the directions of the Trustee. 
 (b) The Delaware Trustee accepts the trust hereby created and agrees to perform its duties hereunder with respect to the same but only upon the terms of this Declaration of Trust. The Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable under any circumstances, except for its own willful misconduct or gross negligence. In particular, but not by way of limitation: 
 (i) The Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or employee of the Delaware Trustee; 
 (ii) No provision of this Declaration of Trust shall require the Delaware Trustee to expend or risk its personal funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its rights or duties hereunder, if the Delaware Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it; 
 (iii) Under no circumstance shall the Delaware Trustee be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant or indebtedness of the Trust; 
 (iv) The Delaware Trustee shall not be personally responsible for or in respect of the genuineness, form or value of the Trust property, the validity or sufficiency of this Declaration of Trust or for the due execution hereof by the Trustee; and 
 (v) In the event that the Delaware Trustee is unsure of the course of action to be taken by it hereunder, the Delaware Trustee may request instructions from the Trustee and to the extent the Delaware Trustee follows such instructions in good faith it shall not be liable to any person. In the event that no instructions are provided within the time requested by the Delaware Trustee, it shall have no duty or liability for its failure to take any action or for any action it takes in good faith. 
 (c) To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties and liabilities relating thereto to the Trustee or the Trust, the Trustee agrees that such duties and liabilities are replaced by the terms of this Declaration of Trust. 
 (d) The Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any document believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. As to any fact or matter the manner of ascertainment of which is not specifically prescribed herein, the Delaware Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate, signed by the Trustee, as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full 
 3 

protection to the Delaware Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon. 
 (e) In the exercise or administration of the trusts hereunder, the Delaware Trustee (i) may act directly or, at the expense of the Trust, through agents or attorneys, and the Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of such agents or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall have been selected by the Delaware Trustee in good faith, and (ii) may, at the expense of the Trust, consult with counsel, accountants and other experts, and it shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the advice or opinion of any such counsel, accountants or other experts. 
 (f) Except as expressly provided in this Section 13, in accepting and performing the trusts hereby created, the Delaware Trustee acts solely as trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity, and all persons having any claim against the Delaware Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Declaration of Trust shall look only to the Trust s property for payment or satisfaction thereof. 
 (g) The Delaware Trustee may resign upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the Trustee. If no successor has been appointed within such thirty (30) day period, the Delaware Trustee may, at the expense of the Trust, petition a court to appoint a successor trustee. Any person into which the Delaware Trustee may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Delaware Trustee shall be a party, or any person which succeeds to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Delaware Trustee, shall be the successor Delaware Trustee under this Declaration of Trust without the execution, delivery or filing of any paper or instrument or further act to be done on the part of the parties hereto, except as may be required by applicable law. 
 (h) The Delaware Trustee will be compensated in accordance with a separate fee agreement with the Delaware Trustee. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK] 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Declaration of Trust to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written 

TRUSTEE: 

/s/ Cynthia Lo Bessette 

Name: 
 Cynthia Lo Bessette 

DELAWARE TRUSTEE: 

Wilmington Trust, National Association 

By: 
 /s/ Ellen Jean-Baptiste 

Name: 
 Ellen Jean-Baptiste 

Title: 
 Assistant Vice President 

5 

</EX-3>

<EX-3>
 3
 ck0001920453-ex3_2.htm
 EX-3.2

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.2 
 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST OF FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 
 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST, made February 1, 2023, by each of the Trustees whose signature is affixed hereto (the Trustees ). 
 
 WHEREAS , the initial Declaration of Trust of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Company was entered into effective as of March 23, 2022; and 
 
 WHEREAS , the initial Declaration of Trust was subsequently amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company, dated as of August 8, 2022, the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company, dated as of September 23, 2022, and the Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company, dated as of November 9, 2022 (the Existing Declaration of Trust ); and 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Trustees desire to amend and restate the Existing Declaration of Trust solely for the purpose of supplementing the Declaration of Trust as herein set forth below. 
 
 ARTICLE I NAME; DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Name . The name of the statutory trust is Fidelity Private Credit Fund. So far as may be practicable, the business of the Company shall be conducted and transacted under that name, which name (and the word Company whenever used in this Fourth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the Declaration of Trust ), except where the context otherwise requires) shall refer to the Board of Trustees (as defined herein) collectively but not individually or personally and shall not refer to the Shareholders or to any officers, employees or agents of the Company or of such Trustees. Under circumstances in which the Trustees determine that the use of the name Fidelity Private Credit Fund is not practicable, they may use any other designation or name for the Company, subject to applicable law. Any name change shall become effective upon the execution by a majority of the then Trustees of an instrument setting forth the new name and the filing of a certificate of amendment pursuant to Section 3810(b) of the Statutory Trust Act (as defined below). Any such instrument shall not require the approval of the Shareholders but shall have the status of an amendment to this Declaration of Trust. 

Section 1.2 Definitions . As used in this Declaration of Trust, the following terms shall have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires: 

1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Acquisition Expenses means expenses, including but not limited to legal fees and expenses, travel and communication expenses, costs regarding determination of creditworthiness and due diligence on prospective portfolio holding companies, non-refundable option payments 
 1 of 42 

on assets not acquired, accounting fees and expenses, and miscellaneous expenses relating to the purchase or acquisition of assets, whether or not acquired. 
 Acquisition Fees means any and all fees and commissions, exclusive of Acquisition Expenses, paid by any Person to any other Person (including any fees or commissions paid by or to any Affiliate of the Company or the Adviser) in connection with the initial purchase or acquisition of assets by the Company. Included in the computation of such fees or commissions shall be any commission, selection fee, supervision fee, financing fee, non-recurring management fee or any fee of a similar nature, however designated. 
 Administrator means Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC or an affiliated successor in interest thereto, any Person to whom the Administrator subcontracts any and all such services and any successor to an Administrator who enters into an administrative services agreement with the Company or who subcontracts with a successor Administrator. 
 Adviser means Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC or an affiliated successor in interest thereto, any Person to whom the Adviser subcontracts substantially all such services pursuant to a sub-advisory agreement and any successor to an Adviser who enters into an Advisory Agreement with the Company or who subcontracts with a successor Adviser. If the Adviser no longer serves as the investment adviser to the Company, the rights of the Adviser in this Declaration of Trust will become the rights of the Trustees. 
 Advisers Act means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Advisory Agreement means that certain investment advisory agreement between the Company and the Adviser named therein pursuant to which the Adviser will act as the adviser to the Company and provide investment advisory, investment management and other specified services to the Company, including any sub-advisory agreement. 
 Affiliate or Affiliated means (subject to the limits under the 1940 Act or an exemptive order from the SEC, as each may be applicable) with respect to any specified Person: 
 (a) any other Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent (10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such specified Person; 

(b) any other Person ten percent (10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such specified Person; 

(c) any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such specified Person; 

(d) any officer, director, trustee, partner, copartner or employee of such specified Person; 

2 of 42 

(e) any legal entity on which such specified Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee, or partner (other than an Independent Trustee); and 

(f) if such specified Person is an investment company, any investment adviser thereof or any member of an advisory board thereof. 

assessment means an additional amount of capital that may be mandatorily required of, or paid voluntarily by, a Shareholder beyond his or her subscription commitment excluding deferred payments. 
 Benefit Plan Investor means a benefit plan investor as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations. 
 Bylaws means the bylaws of the Company, as the same are in effect and may be amended from time to time. 
 capital contribution means the total investment, including the original investment and amounts reinvested pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan in a program by a participant, or by all participants, as the case may be. Unless otherwise specified, capital contributions shall be deemed to include principal amounts to be received on account of deferred payments. 
 cash available for distribution means Cash Flow plus cash funds available for distribution from Company reserves less amounts set aside for restoration or creation of reserves. 
 Cash Flow means Company cash funds provided from operations, without deduction for depreciation, but after deducting cash funds used to pay all other expenses, debt payments, capital improvements and replacements. Cash withdrawn from reserves is not Cash Flow. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time. 
 Common Shares means the common Shares, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company that may be issued from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust and applicable law, as described in Article V hereof, including any class or series of Common Shares. 
 Controlling Person shall mean (subject to the limits under the 1940 Act or an exemptive order from the SEC, as each may be applicable), all Persons, whatever their titles, who perform functions for the Sponsor similar to those of: (a) chairman or member of the board of directors; (b) executive officers; and (c) those holding ten percent or more equity interest in the Sponsor or a Person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Sponsor, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. 
 Covered Security has the meaning set forth in the Securities Act. 
 Delaware Trustee has the meaning ascribed to it in Article III hereof and includes any successor Delaware Trustees appointed in accordance with Section 3.3, but that any reference to 
 3 of 42 

Trustee or Board of Trustees in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws of the Company shall not be deemed to include or refer to the Delaware Trustee. 
 DGCL means Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq., as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 ERISA Controlling Person means a Person (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Company or who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a Person within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101(f)(3). 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Front End Fees means fees and expenses paid by any party for any services rendered to organize the Company and to acquire assets for the Company, including Organization and Offering Expenses, Acquisition Fees, Acquisition Expenses, and any other similar fees, however designated by the Board. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time or such other accounting basis mandated by the SEC. 
 Independent Expert means a Person with no material current or prior business or personal relationship with the Sponsor, who is engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by the Company, and who is qualified to perform such work. 
 Independent Trustee means a Trustee who is not an Interested Person. 
 Interested Person means a Person who is an interested person as that term is defined under Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 Investment in program assets means the amount of capital contributions actually paid or allocated to the purchase or development of assets acquired by the program (including working capital reserves allocable thereto, except that working capital reserves in excess of three percent shall not be included) and other cash payments such as interest and taxes but excluding front-end fees. 
 Liquidity Event means a Listing or any merger, reorganization, business combination, share exchange, acquisition by any Person or related group of Persons of beneficial ownership of all or substantially all of the Shares of the Company in one or more related transactions, or similar transaction involving the Company pursuant to which the Shareholders receive for their Shares, as full or partial consideration, cash, equity Securities or combination thereof: (a) a Listing; (b) a sale or merger in a transaction that provides Shareholders with cash and/or securities of a publicly traded company; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash or other consideration. 
 4 of 42 

Listing means the listing of the Common Shares (or any successor thereof) on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC or the receipt by the Shareholders of Securities that are approved for trading on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC in exchange for the Common Shares. The term Listed shall have the correlative meaning. With regard to the Common Shares, upon commencement of trading of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC, the Common Shares shall be deemed Listed. 
 Net Asset Value has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.5 hereof. 
 Net Worth means the excess of total assets over total liabilities as determined by GAAP. 
 Omnibus Guidelines means the Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted by the North American Securities Administrators Association on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007 and from time to time. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses means any and all costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the Company in connection with and in preparing for the formation, qualification and registration of the Company, and the marketing and distribution of shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys), expenses for printing, engraving, amending, supplementing, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow agents or holders, depositories, experts, fees, expenses and taxes related to the filing, registration and qualification of the sale of the shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees. 
 Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust joint venture, limited liability company or other entity or association. 
 Plan Asset Regulation means 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Publicly Offered Securities means publicly offered securities as defined in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101(b)(2) or any successor regulation thereto. 
 Roll-Up Entity means a partnership, trust, corporation, or similar entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of a proposed Roll-Up Transaction. 
 Roll-Up Transaction means a transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation either directly or indirectly of the Company and the issuance of securities of a Roll-Up Entity to the Shareholders. Such term does not include: 
 (a) a transaction involving Securities of the Company that have been Listed for at least twelve (12) months; or 

5 of 42 

(b) a transaction involving the conversion to another corporate form or to a trust or association form of only the Company, if, as a consequence of the transaction, there will be no significant adverse change in any of the following: 

(i) Shareholders voting rights; 

(ii) the term of existence of the Company; 

(iii) Adviser and Sponsor compensation; or 

(iv) the Company s investment objective. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Securities means Common Shares, any other Shares or other evidences of equity or beneficial or other interests, voting trust certificates, bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for, guarantees of, or warrants, options or rights to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing if and only if any such item is treated as a security under the Exchange Act, or applicable state securities laws. 
 Shareholders means the registered holders of the Company s Shares. 
 Shares means the unit of beneficial interest in the trust estate of the Company. 
 Sponsor means any person directly or indirectly instrumental in organizing, wholly or in part, a program or any person who will control, manage or participate in the management of a program, and any affiliate of such person. Not included is any person whose only relation with the program is that of an independent manager of a portion of program assets, and whose only compensation is as such. Sponsor does not include wholly independent third parties such as attorneys, accountants, and underwriters whose only compensation is for professional services rendered in connection with the offering of program interests. A person may also be deemed a Sponsor of the program by: 
 (a) taking the initiative, directly or indirectly, in founding or organizing the business or enterprise of the program, either alone or in conjunction with one or more other persons; 

(b) receiving a material participation in the program in connection with the founding or organizing of the business of the program, in consideration of services or property, or both services and property; 

(c) having a substantial number of relationships and contacts with the program; 

(d) possessing significant rights to control program properties; 

6 of 42 

(e) receiving fees for providing services to the program which are paid on a basis that is not customary in the industry; or 

(f) providing goods or services to the program on a basis which was not negotiated at arm s length with the program. 

Statutory Trust Act means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq., as such act may be amended from time to time. 
 Trustees , Board of Trustees or Board means, collectively, the individuals named in Section 4.1 of this Declaration of Trust so long as they continue in office and all other individuals who have been duly elected and qualify as Trustees of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, any references to Trustee or Board of Trustee or Board in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws of the Company shall not be deemed to include or refer to the Delaware Trustee. 
 ARTICLE II NATURE AND PURPOSE 

The Company is a Delaware statutory trust within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Act, existing pursuant to this Declaration of Trust, the Company s initial certificate of trust filed with the Delaware Secretary of State s office on March 23, 2022 (which filing is hereby ratified), as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which trusts may be organized under the Statutory Trust Act as now or hereafter in force, including to conduct, operate and carry on the business of a non-diversified closed-end investment company operating as a business development company, as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act, subject to making an election therefor under the 1940 Act, and to carry on such other business as the Trustees may from time to time determine pursuant to their authority under this Declaration of Trust. In furtherance of the foregoing, it shall be the purpose of the Company to do everything necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for the conduct, promotion and attainment of any businesses and purposes which at any time may be incidental or may appear conducive or expedient for the accomplishment of the business of a business development company regulated under the 1940 Act and which may be engaged in or carried on by a trust organized under the Statutory Trust Act, and in connection therewith the Company shall have the power and authority to engage in the foregoing and may exercise all of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware upon a Delaware statutory trust. The Company may not, without the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as such term is defined under Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act, of the Company entitled to vote on the matter, change the nature of the Company s business so that the Company ceases to be, or withdraws the Company s election to be, treated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. 
 Legal title to all of the assets of the Company shall be vested in the Company as a separate legal entity except that the Trustees shall have power to cause legal title to any assets of the Company to be held in the name of any other Person as nominee, custodian or pledgee, on such terms as the Trustees may determine, provided that such arrangement is permitted by the 1940 Act and the interest of the Company therein is appropriately protected. 
 7 of 42 

ARTICLE III DELAWARE TRUSTEE 

Section 3.1 Appointment . Pursuant to Section 3807 of the Statutory Trust Act, the trustee of the Company in the State of Delaware shall be Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Delaware Trustee ). The address of the principal office of Wilmington Trust, National Association is 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. 

Section 3.2 Concerning the Delaware Trustee . 

(a) The Delaware Trustee is appointed to serve as the trustee of the Company in the State of Delaware for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirement pursuant to Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Act that the Company have at least one trustee which has its principal place of business in the State of Delaware. The Company shall have at least one other trustee (other than the Delaware Trustee) to perform all obligations and duties other than fulfilling the Company s obligations pursuant to Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Act. 

(b) The duties of the Delaware Trustee shall be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Company in the State of Delaware and (ii) the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under Section 3811 of the Statutory Trust Act. Except for the purpose of the foregoing sentence, the Delaware Trustee shall not be deemed a trustee, shall not be a member of the Board of Trustees and shall have no management responsibilities or owe any fiduciary duties to the Company or the Shareholders. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Company or the Shareholders, it is hereby understood and agreed by the other parties hereto that such duties and liabilities are replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Delaware Trustee expressly set forth in this Declaration of Trust. The Delaware Trustee shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of any other Person, including, without limitation, the Trustees and the Adviser. 

(c) The Delaware Trustee may be removed by the Trustees upon 30 days prior written notice to the Delaware Trustee. The Delaware Trustee may resign upon 30 days prior written notice to the Trustees. No resignation or removal of the Delaware Trustee shall be effective except upon the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee appointed by the Trustees or a court of competent jurisdiction. If no successor Delaware Trustee has been appointed within such 30 day period, the Delaware Trustee may, at the expense of the Trust, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Delaware Trustee. 

(d) Any Person into which the Delaware Trustee may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Delaware Trustee shall be a party, or any Person which succeeds to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Delaware Trustee, shall be the successor Delaware Trustee under this Declaration of Trust without the execution, delivery or filing of any paper or instrument or further act to be done on the part of the parties hereto, except as may be required by applicable law. 

8 of 42 

(e) The Delaware Trustee shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities under this Declaration of Trust and with respect to the Company and the Shareholders as the Trustees. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Declaration of Trust which adversely affects the Delaware Trustee shall be effective against it without its prior written consent. 

(f) The Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for supervising or monitoring the performance and the duties and obligations of any other Person, including, without limitation, the Trustees, the Administrator or the Adviser or the Company under this Declaration of Trust or any related document. 

(g) The Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable under any circumstances, except for its own willful misconduct or gross negligence. In particular, but not by way of limitation: (i) the Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of judgment made in good faith; (ii) no provision of this Declaration of Trust shall require the Delaware Trustee to expend or risk its personal funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its rights or powers hereunder, if the Delaware Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it; (iii) under no circumstances shall the Delaware Trustee be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or indebtedness of the Trust; (iv) the Delaware Trustee shall not be personally responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Declaration of Trust or for the due execution hereof by any other party hereto; (v) the Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and reasonably believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Delaware Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted by such body and that the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the manner of ascertainment of which is not specifically prescribed herein, the Delaware Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate or resolution, signed by a Trustee or an officer of the Company as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Delaware Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon; (vi) in the exercise or administration of the Company hereunder, the Delaware Trustee (A) may act directly or through agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered into with any of them, and the Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of such agents or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall have been selected by the Delaware Trustee in good faith and (B) may consult with counsel, accountants and other skilled persons to be selected by it in good faith and employed by it, and it shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the advice or opinion of any such counsel, accountants or other skilled persons; (vii) in accepting and performing its express duties hereunder the Delaware Trustee acts solely as Delaware Trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity, and all persons having any claim against the Delaware Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Declaration of Trust shall look only to the Company for payment or satisfaction thereof; and (viii) the Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability if, by reason of any provision of any present or future law or regulation thereunder, or by any force majeure event, including but not limited to natural disaster, act of war or terrorism, or other circumstances beyond its reasonable control, the Delaware Trustee shall be prevented or forbidden from doing or 

9 of 42 

performing any act or thing which the terms of this Declaration of Trust provide shall or may be done or performed, or by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in this Declaration of Trust. 

(h) In the event of the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee, such successor shall cause an amendment to the certificate of trust of the Company to be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with Section 3810 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, indicating the change of the Delaware Trustee s identity. 

Section 3.3 Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Indemnity . The Company hereby agrees to (i) compensate the Delaware Trustee in accordance with a separate fee agreement with the Delaware Trustee, (ii) reimburse the Delaware Trustee for all reasonable expenses relating to the services of the Delaware Trustee (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and other advisers retained by the Delaware Trustee) and (iii) indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Delaware Trustee, and its employees, agents, officers and trustees (the Indemnified DE Trustee Parties from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, demands, assessments, judgments, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, taxes, and expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and including costs of enforcement of an Indemnified DE Trustee Party s rights hereunder (collectively, Expenses ), to the extent that such Expenses arise out of or are imposed upon or asserted at any time against such Indemnified DE Trustee Parties with respect to the performance of any duties contemplated by this Declaration of Trust or from the services provided or functions performed by the Delaware Trustee; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to indemnify any Indemnified DE Trustee Parties for any Expenses which are a result of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnified DE Trustee Parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Expenses to be incurred by any Indemnified DE Trustee Parties shall, from time to time, be advanced by, or on behalf of, the Company prior to the final disposition of any matter upon receipt by the Company of an undertaking by, or on behalf of, such Indemnified DE Trustee Parties to repay such amount if it shall be determined that the Indemnified DE Trustee Parties are not entitled to be indemnified under this Declaration of Trust. 

ARTICLE IV PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE COMPANY AND OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AND TRUSTEES 

Section 4.1 Number of Trustees . The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees (not including the Delaware Trustee). The Board of Trustees shall have full, exclusive and absolute power, control and authority over the Company s assets and over the business of the Company to the same extent as a board of directors of a Delaware corporation. The Board of Trustees may take any actions as in its sole judgment and discretion are necessary or desirable to conduct the business of the Company. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, each Trustee and officer of the Company shall have duties including fiduciary duties (and liability therefor) identical to those of directors and officers of a private corporation for profit organized under the DGCL and shall not have any other duties, including any fiduciary duties, except for fiduciary duties identical to those of directors and officers of a private corporation for profit organized under the DGCL. The number of Trustees of the Company is four (4), which number may be increased or decreased from time 

10 of 42 

to time only by the Trustees pursuant to the Bylaws, but shall never be less than three (3), except for a period of up to sixty (60) days after the death, removal or resignation of a Trustee pending the election of such Trustee s successor. The names of the initial Trustees are as follows: 

Jennifer M. Birmingham 
 David B. Jones 
 Tara C. Kenney 
 Matthew J. Conti 
 
 A majority of the Board of Trustees shall be Independent Trustees, except for a period of up to sixty (60) days or such longer period permitted by law, after the death, removal or resignation of an Independent Trustee pending the election of such Independent Trustee s successor by the remaining Trustees. 
 Subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act, any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Trustees in office, even if the remaining Trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any Trustee elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the trusteeship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualified. There shall be no cumulative voting in the election or removal of Trustees. 
 Section 4.2 Classes of Trustees . Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective upon and following the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, if any: the Board of Trustees shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible, and the term of office of Trustees of one class shall expire at each annual meeting of Shareholders, and in all cases as to each Trustee such term shall extend until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify or until his or earlier resignation, removal from office, death or incapacity. Additional trusteeships resulting from an increase in number of Trustees shall be apportioned among the classes as equally as possible. The initial term of office of Trustees of Class I shall expire at the Company s next annual meeting of Shareholders; the initial term of office of Trustees of Class II shall expire at the Company s second annual meeting of Shareholders following the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, if any; and the initial term of office of Trustees of Class III shall expire at the Company s third annual meeting of Shareholders following the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, if any. Following such initial terms, at each annual meeting of Shareholders, a number of Trustees equal to the number of Trustees of the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting (or, if less, the number of Trustees properly nominated and qualified for election) shall be elected to hold office until the third succeeding annual meeting of Shareholders after their election. Each Trustee may be reelected to an unlimited number of succeeding terms in accordance with these provisions. 

If the Board of Trustees is classified, at each annual election, Trustees chosen to succeed those whose terms then expire shall be of the same class as the Trustees they succeed, unless by reason of any intervening changes in the authorized number of Trustees, the Board of Trustees shall designate one or more trusteeships whose term then expires as trusteeships of another class in order to more nearly achieve equality of number of Trustees among the classes. 
 11 of 42 

Notwithstanding the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of Trustees as possible, in the event of any change in the authorized number of Trustees, each Trustee then continuing to serve as such shall nevertheless continue as a Trustee of the class of which such Trustee is a member until the expiration of his or her current term, or his or her prior death, resignation or removal. If any newly created trusteeship may, consistently with the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of Trustees as possible, be allocated to any class, the Board of Trustees shall allocate it to that of the available class whose term of office is due to expire at the earliest date following such allocation. 
 The voting procedures and the number of votes required to elect a Trustee shall be as set forth in the Bylaws, which may be amended by the Board. 
 Section 4.3 Shareholder Voting . Except as provided in Article II, Section 4.9, Section 6.2, Section 6.3, Section 10.2, Section 11.1 and Section 13.2 of this Declaration of Trust, notwithstanding any provision of law permitting any particular action to be approved by the affirmative vote of the Shareholders of the Company entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable and approved by the Board of Trustees, and approved by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of Shareholders at which a quorum is present. All shares of all classes shall vote together as a single class provided that: (a) as to any matter with respect to which a separate vote of any class is required by the 1940 Act or any orders issued thereunder, such requirement as to a separate vote by that class shall apply in lieu of a general vote of all classes; (b) in the event that separate voting requirements apply with respect to one or more classes, then subject to subparagraph (c), the shares of all other classes not entitled to a separate vote shall vote together as a single class; and (d) as to any matter which in the judgment of the Board (which judgment shall be conclusive) does not affect the interest of a particular class, such class shall not be entitled to any vote and only the holders of shares of the one or more affected classes shall be entitled to vote. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws to the contrary, for such matters that require the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting Shares of the Company under the 1940 Act, such majority vote shall be determined as set forth in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act. The provisions of this Section 4.3 shall be subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act and other applicable statutes or regulations. 

Section 4.4 Quorum . The determination of whether a quorum has been established for a meeting of the Company s Shareholders shall be as set forth in the Bylaws. 

Section 4.5 Preemptive Rights . Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified Shares or as may otherwise be provided by contract approved by the Board, no Shareholder shall, as such Shareholder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional Shares of the Company or any other Security of the Company that it may issue or sell. 

Section 4.6 Appraisal Rights . The Shareholders have appraisal rights in connection with a roll-up transaction pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Declaration of Trust. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of Shares or as provided in connection with a Roll-Up transaction pursuant to Section 12.1, no Shareholder shall be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 

12 of 42 

Section 4.7 Determinations by the Board . The determination as to any of the following matters, made in good faith, subject to the limitations set forth in the Omnibus Guidelines, by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Trustees consistent with this Declaration of Trust, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Company and every Shareholder: (i) the amount of the net income of the Company for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption or repurchase of its Shares or the payment of other distributions on its Shares; (ii) the amount of stated capital, capital surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; (iii) the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged); (iv) any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of Shares of the Company; (v) the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Company or any Shares of the Company; (vi) any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Company; or (vii) any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Company or required or permitted by applicable law, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board provided, however, that any determination by the Board as to any of the preceding matters shall not render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination and no Trustee shall be liable for making or failing to make such a determination in accordance with this Section 4.7. 

Section 4.8 Sole Discretion; Good Faith; Corporate Opportunities of Adviser . 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or otherwise applicable law, whenever in this Declaration of Trust the Trustees are permitted or required to make a decision: 

(i) in their discretion or under a grant of similar authority, the Trustees shall be entitled to consider, subject to the limitations set forth in the Omnibus Guidelines, such interests and factors as they desire, including their own interest, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company or any other Person; or 

(ii) in their good faith or under another express standard, the Trustees shall act under such express standard, subject to the limitations set forth in the Omnibus Guidelines. 

(b) Unless expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Company s offering document (as may be amended from time to time), the Adviser and any Affiliate of the Adviser may engage in or possess an interest in other profit-seeking or business ventures of any nature or description, independently or with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive with the Company and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine. To the extent that the Adviser acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Company, it shall not have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Company, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act, and any applicable co-investment order issued by the Commission, and the Adviser shall not be 

13 of 42 

liable to the Company or to the Shareholders for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that the Adviser pursues or acquires for, or directs such opportunity to, another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Company. Neither the Company nor any Shareholder shall have any rights or obligations by virtue of this Declaration of Trust or the trust relationship created hereby in or to such independent ventures or the income or profits or losses derived therefrom, and the pursuit of such ventures, even if competitive with the activities of the Company, shall not be deemed wrongful or improper. 

Section 4.9 Resignation and Removal of Trustees . Any of the Trustees may resign their trust (without need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing signed by such Trustee and delivered or mailed to the Trustees or the Chairman, if any, and such resignation shall be effective upon such delivery, or at a later date according to the terms of the instrument. Any Trustee, or the entire Board, may be removed from office at any time (provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 4.1 hereof) only for cause and only by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal of a Trustee that is not an Interested Person a majority of the remaining Trustees that are not Interested Persons). A majority of the outstanding shares are authorized to remove a Trustee without cause. Upon the resignation or removal of a Trustee, each such resigning or removed Trustee shall execute and deliver such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require for the purpose of conveying to the Company or the remaining Trustees any Company property held in the name of such resigning or removed Trustee. Upon the incapacity or death of any Trustee, such Trustee s legal representative shall execute and deliver on such Trustee s behalf such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require as provided in the preceding sentence. Except to the extent expressly provided in a written agreement with the Trust, no Trustee resigning and no Trustee removed shall have any right to any compensation for any period following the effective date of his or her resignation or removal, or any right to damages on account of a removal. 

Section 4.10 Business Combination . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or any contrary provision of law, the Board of Trustees may, without Shareholder approval unless such approval is required by the 1940 Act, cause the Company to convert into or merge, reorganize or consolidate with or into one or more trusts, partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other business entities, provided that the resulting entity is a business development company under the 1940 Act. Approval of any agreement or applicable certificate of merger, reorganization, consolidation or conversion or certificate may be signed by a majority of the Board of Trustees or an authorized officer of the Company. In accordance with Section 3815(f) of the Statutory Trust Act, but subject to Section 6.2 of this Declaration of Trust, such approval and approval from the Board will effect an amendment to this Declaration of Trust and/or effect the adoption of a new declaration of trust of the Company or change the name of the Company if the Company is the surviving or resulting entity in the merger or consolidation. 

Section 4.11 Special Meetings . Special meetings of Shareholders may be called in the manner provided in the Bylaws, including by a majority of the Independent Trustees or the President, and shall be called by the secretary of the Company to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of Shareholders upon the written request of Shareholders entitled to cast not less than 10 of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting. Notice of any special meeting of Shareholders shall be given as provided in the Bylaws. If the 

14 of 42 

meeting is called by the secretary upon the written request of Shareholders as described in this Section 4.11, notice of the special meeting shall be sent to all Shareholders within 10 days of the receipt of the written request and the special meeting shall be held at the time and place specified in the Shareholder request not less than 15 days nor more than 60 days after the delivery of the notice; provided, however, that if no time or place is so specified in the Shareholder request, at such time and place convenient to the Shareholder. If there are no Trustees, the officers of the Company shall promptly call a special meeting of the Shareholders entitled to vote for the election of successor Trustees. Any meeting may be adjourned and reconvened as the Board may determine or as otherwise provided in the Bylaws. 

Section 4.12 Trust Only . It is the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of Trustee and beneficiary between the Trustees and each Shareholder from time to time. It is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited partnership, joint stock association, corporation, bailment or any form of legal relationship other than a Delaware statutory trust. Nothing in this Declaration of Trust shall be construed to make the Shareholders, either by themselves or with the Trustees, partners or members of a joint stock association. 

Section 4.13 Trustee Action by Written Consent . Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting, except to the extent otherwise required by the 1940 Act, if that number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees. 

Section 4.14 Officers . The Trustees shall elect a President, a Secretary, a Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, a Chief Compliance Officer, and an Assistant Secretary, and may elect a Chairman who shall serve at the pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors are elected. The Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize the Chairman, if any, or President to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to be advisable. A Chairman shall, and the President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer may, but need not, be a Trustee. All officers shall owe to the Company and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties) as owed by officers of corporations to such corporations and their stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Section 4.15 Principal Transactions . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and the Omnibus Guidelines, the Trustees may, on behalf of the Company, buy any securities from or sell any securities to, or lend any assets of the Company to, any Trustee or officer of the Company or any firm of which any such Trustee or officer is a member acting as principal, or have any such dealings with any Affiliate of the Company, investment adviser, investment sub-adviser, distributor or transfer agent for the Company or with any Interested Person of such Affiliate or other person; and the Company may employ any such Affiliate or other person, or firm or company in which such Affiliate or other person is an Interested Person, as broker, legal counsel, registrar, investment adviser, investment sub-adviser, distributor, transfer agent, dividend disbursing agent, custodian or in any other capacity upon customary terms. 

15 of 42 

Section 4.16 Subsidiaries . Without approval or vote by Shareholders, the Trustees may cause to be organized or assist in organizing one or more corporations, trusts, partnerships, associations or other organizations to take over all of the Company s property or to carry on any business in which the Company shall directly or indirectly have any interest and to sell, convey, and transfer all or a portion of the Company s property to any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in exchange for the shares or securities thereof, or otherwise, and to lend money to, subscribe for the shares or securities of and enter into any contracts with any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, association or organization, or any corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in which the Company holds or is about to acquire shares or any other interests. 

Section 4.17 Delegation . The Trustees shall have the power to delegate from time to time to such of their number or to officers, employees or agents of the Company the doing of such things, including any matters set forth in this Declaration of Trust, and the execution of such instruments either in the name of the Company or the names of the Trustees or otherwise as the Trustees may deem expedient. The Trustees may designate one or more committees which shall have all or such lesser portion of the authority of the entire Board of Trustees as the Trustees shall determine from time to time except to the extent action by the entire Board of Trustees or particular Trustees is required by the 1940 Act. 

Section 4.18 Meetings . The Company shall hold a meeting of Shareholders at least annually to consider such matters as may appropriately come before such meeting. 

ARTICLE V SHARES 

Section 5.1 Authorized Shares . The beneficial interest in the Company shall at all times be divided into an unlimited number of Shares. The Shares of the Company shall initially consist of Common Shares, with such par value as may be authorized from time to time by the Trustees in their sole discretion without Shareholder approval. All Common Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable when issued. Mandatory assessments of Common Shares shall be prohibited and the Company shall not make any mandatory assessment against any Shareholder beyond such Shareholder s subscription commitment. Any different classes or series shall be established and designated, and the variations in the relative rights and preferences as between the different classes shall be fixed and determined, by the Trustees without Shareholder approval. The Trustees may create a class of preferred shares (the Preferred Shares which may be divided into one or more series of Preferred Shares and with such par value as may be authorized from time to time by the Trustees in their sole discretion without Shareholder approval. The Company is authorized to offer and issue an unlimited number of Common Shares and an unlimited number of Preferred Shares. 

Section 5.2 Authorization by Board of Share Issuance . The Board of Trustees may authorize the issuance from time to time of Shares of the Company of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a split of Shares or dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws. 

16 of 42 

Section 5.3 Classification or Reclassification by the Board . As contemplated by Section 5.1, the variations in the relative rights and preferences as between any classes of Common Shares and any potential Preferred Shares shall be fixed and determined by the Trustees; provided, that all Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company or of any series shall be identical to all other Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company or of the same series, as the case may be, except that, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, there may be variations between different classes as to allocation of expenses, rights of redemption, special and relative rights and preferences as to dividends and distributions and on liquidation, conversion rights, and conditions under which the several classes shall have separate voting rights. All of the outstanding Common Shares as of the date hereof issued to the sole initial shareholder shall be classified as Class I Shares with such terms as set forth in the initial prospectus of the Company, as thereafter subsequently modified from time to time. Any class of Preferred Shares shall have such rights and preferences and priorities over the Common Shares as may be established by the terms thereof; provided that the Company may not issue any shares of preferred shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights of holders of Common Shares as set forth in the Omnibus Guidelines unless required by the 1940 Act. 

The following provisions shall be applicable to any division of Shares of the Company into one or more classes or series: 
 (a) All provisions herein relating to the Shares, or any class or series of Shares of the Company, including common and preferred shares, shall apply equally to each class of Shares of the Company or of any series of the Company, except as the context requires otherwise. 

(b) The number of Shares of each class that may be issued shall be unlimited. The Trustees may classify or reclassify any Shares or any class of any Shares into one or more other classes that may be established and designated from time to time. The Company may purchase and hold Shares as treasury shares, reissue such treasury shares for such consideration and on such terms as the Trustees may determine, or cancel any Shares of any class acquired by the Company at the Trustees discretion from time to time. 

(c) Liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves related to the distribution of, and other identified expenses that should properly be allocated to, the Shares of a particular class or series within the class may be charged to and borne solely by such class or series, and the bearing of expenses solely by a class of shares or series may be appropriately reflected (in a manner determined by the Trustees) and cause differences in the net asset value attributable to, and the dividend, redemption and liquidation rights of, the Shares of different classes or series. Each allocation of liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves by the Trustees in their reasonable judgment shall be conclusive and binding upon the Shareholders of all classes for all purposes. 

(d) The establishment and designation of any class or series of Shares shall be effective upon resolution by a majority of the Trustees, adopting a resolution which sets forth such establishment and designation and the relative rights and preferences of such class or series. Each such resolution shall be incorporated herein by reference upon adoption. The Trustees may, by resolution of a majority of the Trustees, abolish any class or series and the establishment and designation thereof. To the extent the provisions set forth in such resolution conflict with the 

17 of 42 

provisions of this Declaration of Trust with respect to any such rights and privileges of the class or series of Shares, such resolutions shall control. 

Section 5.4 Dividends and Distributions . 

(a) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration of Trust, the holders of each class or series of Shares shall be entitled to dividends and distributions in such amounts and at such times as may be determined by the Board, and the dividends and distributions paid with respect to the various classes or series of Shares may vary among such classes or series. Expenses related to the distribution of, and other identified expenses that properly should be allocated to the shares of, a particular class or series may be appropriately reflected (in a manner determined by the Board, in its discretion) and cause a difference in the Net Asset Value attributable to, and the dividend, redemption and liquidation rights of, the shares of each such class or series of Shares. 

(b) The Trustees may always retain from the net profits such amount as they may deem necessary to pay the debts or expenses of the Company or to meet obligations of the Company, or as they otherwise may deem desirable to use in the conduct of its affairs or to retain for future requirements or extensions of the business. Normally, such amount shall not be less than 1 of the offering proceeds of the Company. 

(c) From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Company shall review the Company s accounts to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate. The Company shall, subject to authorization by the Board of Trustees, distribute to the Shareholders funds received by the Company that the Board of Trustees deems unnecessary to retain in the Company. The Board may authorize the Company to declare and pay to Shareholders such dividends or distributions, in cash or other assets of the Company or in Securities of the Company or from any other source, as the Board in its discretion shall determine. The Board shall endeavor to authorize the Company to declare and pay such dividends and distributions: (i) as shall be necessary for the Company to qualify as a Regulated Investment Company under the Code and a business development company under the 1940 Act, and (ii) to the extent that the Board deems it unnecessary for the Company to retain funds received by it; provided, however, that in each case Shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or distribution unless and until authorized by the Board and declared by the Company. Distributions pursuant to this Section 5.4 may be among the Shareholders of record of the applicable class or series of Shares at the time of declaring a distribution or among the Shareholders of record at such later date as the Trustees shall determine and specify. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board pursuant to this Section 5.4 shall be subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares at the time outstanding. The receipt by any Person in whose name any shares are registered on the records of the Company or by his or her duly authorized agent shall be a sufficient discharge for all dividends or distributions payable or deliverable in respect of such shares and from all liability to see to the application thereof. Distributions in kind shall not be permitted, except for distributions of readily marketable Securities, distributions of cash from a liquidating trust established for the dissolution of the Company and the liquidation of its assets in accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust or distributions in which: (i) the Board advises each Shareholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property, (ii) the Board offers each Shareholder the election of receiving such 

18 of 42 

in-kind distributions, and (iii) in-kind distributions are made only to those Shareholders that accept such offer. 

(d) Inasmuch as the computation of net income and gains for Federal income tax purposes may vary from the computation thereof on the books, the above provisions shall be interpreted to give the Trustees the power in their discretion to distribute for any fiscal year as ordinary dividends and as capital gains distributions, respectively, additional amounts sufficient to enable the Company to avoid or reduce liability for taxes. 

(e) If a declaration of dividends or distributions is made pursuant to this Section then, at any time prior to the related payment date, the Board may, in its sole discretion, rescind such declaration or change each of the record date and payment date to a later date or dates (in each case for a period of not greater than 180 days after each of the record date and payment date theretofore in effect and provided the payment date as so changed is not more than 60 days after the record date as so changed). 

(f) In no event, however, shall funds be advanced or borrowed for purpose of distributions, if the amount of such distributions would exceed the Company s accrued and received revenues for the previous four quarters, less paid and accrued operating costs with respect to such revenues and costs shall be made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. Cash distributions from the Company to the Sponsor shall only be made in conjunction with distributions to Shareholders and only out of funds properly allocated to the Sponsor s account. 

Section 5.5 Proportionate Rights . All shares of each particular class shall represent an equal proportionate interest in the assets attributable to the class (subject to the liabilities of that class), and each share of any particular class shall be equal to each other share of that class. The Board of Trustees may, from time to time, divide or combine the shares of any particular class into a greater or lesser number of shares of that class without thereby changing the proportionate interest in the assets attributable to that class or in any way affecting the rights of holders of shares of any other class. 

Section 5.6 Distributions in Liquidation . Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration of Trust, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of all classes of Shares of the Company shall be entitled, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company (as such liability may affect one or more of the classes and series of Shares of the Company), to share ratably in the remaining net assets of the Company. 

Section 5.7 Deferred Payments . The Company shall not have authority to make arrangements for deferred payments on account of the purchase price of shares of the Company s Shares unless all of the following conditions are met: (a) such arrangements are warranted by the Company s investment objectives; (b) the period of deferred payments coincides with the anticipated cash needs of the Company; (c) the deferred payments shall be evidenced by a promissory note of the Shareholder, which note shall be with recourse, shall not be negotiable, shall be assignable only subject to defenses of the maker and shall not contain a provision authorizing a confession of judgment; and (d) selling commissions and Front End Fees paid upon 

19 of 42 

deferred payments are payable when payment is made on the note. The Company shall not sell or assign the deferred obligation notes at a discount. In the event of default in the payment of deferred payments by a Shareholder, the Shareholder may be subjected to a reasonable penalty. 

Section 5.8 Fractional Shares . The Company shall have authority to issue fractional shares. Any fractional Shares shall carry proportionately all of the rights of a whole share, including, without limitation, the right to vote and the right to receive dividends and other distributions. 

Section 5.9 Declaration of Trust and Bylaws . All persons who shall acquire Shares in the Company shall acquire the same subject to the provisions of this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws. 

Section 5.10 Redemptions . Holders of Shares of the Company shall not be entitled to require the Company to repurchase or redeem Shares of the Company. 

Section 5.11 Disclosure of Holding . The holders of Shares or other securities of the Company shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees in writing such information with respect to direct and indirect ownership of Shares or other securities of the Company as the Trustees deem necessary to comply with the provisions of the Code, the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, or to comply with the requirements of any other taxing or regulatory authority. 

Section 5.12 Repurchase of Shares . The Trustees shall have the power to issue, sell, repurchase, redeem, retire, cancel, acquire, hold, resell, reissue, dispose of, transfer, and otherwise deal in, Shares, including Shares in fractional denominations, and, to apply to any such repurchase, redemption, retirement, cancellation or acquisition of Shares any funds or property. The Trustees may establish, from time to time, a program or programs by which the Company voluntarily repurchases Shares from the Shareholders; provided, however, that such repurchases do not impair the capital or operations of the Company. 

Section 5.13 Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures . Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article V, the Trustees may prescribe, in their absolute discretion except as may be required by the 1940 Act, such other bases and times for determining the per share asset value of the Company s Shares or net income, or the declaration and payment of dividends and distributions as they may deem necessary or desirable for any reason, including to enable the Company to comply with any provision of the 1940 Act, federal securities laws, state securities laws, or any securities exchange or association registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any order of exemption issued by the SEC, all as in effect now or hereafter amended or modified. 

Section 5.14 ERISA Restrictions . Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if and to the extent that any class of Shares do not constitute Publicly Offered Securities, in order to avoid the possibility that the underlying assets of the Company could be treated as assets of Benefit Plan Investor pursuant to the Plan Asset Regulation, the Company, at the direction of the Board of Trustees or any duly-authorized committee of the Board, or, if authorized by the Board, any officer of the Company or the Adviser on behalf of the Company, shall have the power to (1) require any Person proposing to acquire Shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine 

20 of 42 

whether such person is (i) a Benefit Plan Investor, or (ii) an ERISA Controlling Person, (2) exclude any shareholder or potential shareholder from purchasing our Common Shares (3) prohibit any repurchase of Shares to any Person, and (4) repurchase any or all outstanding Shares held by a Shareholder for such price and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by or at the direction of the Board. 

ARTICLE VI AMENDMENTS; CERTAIN EXTRAORDINARY ACTIONS 

Section 6.1 Amendments Generally . Subject to Section 6.2, the Board of Trustees reserves the right, without any vote of Shareholders, from time to time to make any amendment to this Declaration of Trust, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in this Declaration of Trust, of any outstanding Shares, provided, however, that if any amendment or new addition to this Declaration of Trust adversely affects the rights of Shareholders, such amendment or addition must be approved by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote thereon. All rights and powers conferred by this Declaration of Trust on Shareholders, Trustees and officers are granted subject to this reservation. 

Section 6.2 Approval of Certain Declaration of Trust Amendments . The affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote thereon shall be necessary to effect: 

(a) Any amendment to this Declaration of Trust to make the Common Shares a redeemable security or to convert the Company, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company (as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act); and 

(b) Any amendment to Section 4.3, 4.9, Section 6.1 or this Section 6.2. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section, if the Board of Trustees approves a proposal or amendment pursuant to this Section 6.2 by a vote of at least two-thirds of such Board of Trustees (excluding the Delaware Trustee), then only the affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote thereon shall be required to approve such matter. 
 Section 6.3 Approval of Certain Amendments to Bylaws . The Board of Trustees shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of the Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. 

Section 6.4 Execution of Amendments . Upon obtaining such approvals required by this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws and without further action or execution by any other Person, including the Delaware Trustee or any Shareholder, (i) any amendment to this Declaration of Trust may be implemented and reflected in a writing executed solely by the requisite members of the Board of Trustees, and (ii) the Delaware Trustee and the Shareholders shall be deemed a party to and bound by such amendment of this Declaration of Trust; provided, however, the Delaware Trustee s written consent shall be required for any amendment that would affect the Delaware Trustee. 

21 of 42 

ARTICLE VII LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 

Section 7.1 Limitation of Shareholder Liability . Shareholders shall be entitled to the same limited liability extended to Shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the DGCL. No Shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to the Company by reason of being a Shareholder, nor shall any Shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any Person in connection with the Company s assets or the affairs of the Company by reason of being a Shareholder. 

Section 7.2 Limitation of Trustee and Officer Liability . To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to any limitation set forth under the federal securities laws, or in this Article VII, no Trustee or officer of the Company shall be liable to the Company or its Shareholders for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 7.2, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws inconsistent with this Section 7.2, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. The Company may not incur the cost of that portion of liability insurance which insures the Sponsor for any liability as to which the Sponsor is prohibited from being indemnified under the Omnibus Guidelines. 

Section 7.3 Indemnification . 

(a) Each Person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact: 

(i) that he or she is or was a Trustee, officer, employee, Sponsor, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or 

(ii) that he or she, being at the time a Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Company, is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (collectively, another enterprise or other enterprise ), whether either in case (i) or in case (ii) the basis of such proceeding is alleged action or inaction (x) in an official capacity as a Trustee, officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of such other enterprise, or (y) in any other capacity related to the Company or such other enterprise while so serving as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent not prohibited by Delaware law and subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, from and against all liability, loss, judgments, penalties, fines, settlements, and reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and amounts paid in settlement and including costs of enforcement of enforcement of rights under this Section) (collectively, Liability and Losses actually incurred or suffered by such Person in connection therewith. The 

22 of 42 

Persons indemnified hereunder are hereinafter referred to as Indemnitees . Such indemnification as to such alleged action or inaction shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has after such alleged action or inaction ceased to be a Trustee, officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or director, officer, employee or agent of another enterprise; and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. The right to indemnification conferred under this Article VII: (A) shall be a contract right; (B) shall not be affected adversely as to any Indemnitee by any amendment or repeal of this Declaration of Trust with respect to any action or inaction occurring prior to such amendment or repeal; and (C) shall vest immediately upon election or appointment of such Indemnitee. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not provide any indemnification of an Indemnitee pursuant to paragraph (a) above, unless all of the following conditions are met: 

(i) The Indemnitee has determined, in good faith, that any course of conduct of such Indemnitee giving rise to the Liability and Losses was in the best interests of the Company. 

(ii) The Indemnitee was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Company. 

(iii) Such Liability and Losses were not the result of (1) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnitee is a Trustee (other than an Independent Trustee), officer, employee, Sponsor, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or (2) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the Indemnitee is an Independent Trustee. 

(iv) Such indemnification is recoverable only out of the net assets of the Company and not from the Shareholders. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not provide any indemnification of an Indemnitee pursuant to paragraph (a) above for any Liability and Losses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such Indemnitee unless one or more of the following conditions are met: (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the Indemnitee, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the Indemnitee or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. Any person serving as a broker-dealer, to the extent such person or entity meets the definition of Indemnitee within the meaning of the Declaration of Trust, would not be entitled to the indemnification set forth in the Declaration of Trust, but also the requirements and limitations on indemnification set forth in Section 7.3(b) of the Declaration of Trust. Any person acting as a broker-dealer is also subject to the indemnification restrictions imposed in Section 7.3(c). 

23 of 42 

Section 7.4 Payment of Expenses . The Company shall pay or reimburse reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by an Indemnitee in advance of final disposition of a proceeding if all of the following are satisfied: (i) the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Company, (ii) the Indemnitee provides the Company with written affirmation of the Indemnitee s good faith belief that the Indemnitee has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company as authorized by Section 7.3 hereof, (iii) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Shareholder or, if by a Shareholder of the Company acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement, and (iv) the Indemnitee provides the Company with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Company, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined by final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification. 

Section 7.5 Limitations to Indemnification . The provisions of this Article VII shall be subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act. 

Section 7.6 Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments . Neither the Shareholders nor the Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Company shall be liable under any written instrument creating an obligation of the Company by reason of their being Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Company, and all Persons shall look solely to the Company s net assets for the payment of any claim under or for the performance of that instrument. The omission of the foregoing exculpatory language from any instrument shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such instrument and shall not render any Shareholder, Trustee, officer, employee or agent liable thereunder to any third party, nor shall the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Company be liable to anyone as a result of such omission. 

Section 7.7 Non-exclusivity . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or authorized by this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights, by indemnification or otherwise, to which any Indemnitee may be entitled under the Bylaws, a resolution of Shareholders or Trustees, an agreement or otherwise. 

Section 7.8 No Bond Required of Trustees . No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to give any bond or other security for the performance of any of his or her duties hereunder. 

Section 7.9 No Duty of Investigation; No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc . No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person dealing with the Trustees or with any officer, employee or agent of the Company shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trustees or by said officer, employee or agent or be liable for the application of money or property paid, loaned, or delivered to or on the order of the Trustees or of said officer, employee or agent. Every obligation, contract, undertaking, instrument, certificate, Share, other security of the Company, and every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection with the Company shall be conclusively taken to have been executed or done by the executors thereof only in their capacity as Trustees under this Declaration of Trust or in their capacity as officers, employees or agents of the Company. The Trustees may maintain insurance for the protection of the Company s property, the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents in such amount as the Trustees shall deem adequate to cover possible tort liability, and such 

24 of 42 

other insurance as the Trustees in their sole judgment shall deem advisable or is required by the 1940 Act. 

Section 7.10 Reliance on Experts, etc . Each Trustee and officer or employee of the Company shall, in the performance of its duties, be fully and completely justified and protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Company, upon an opinion of counsel, or upon reports made to the Company by any of the Company s officers or employees or by any adviser, administrator, manager, distributor, selected dealer, accountant, appraiser or other expert or consultant selected with reasonable care by the Trustees, officers or employees of the Company, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee. 

ARTICLE VIII ADVISER, ADMINISTRATOR AND CUSTODIAN; DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS 

Section 8.1 Supervision of Adviser and Administrator . 

(a) Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Board of Trustees may exercise broad discretion in allowing the Adviser and, if applicable, an Administrator, to administer and regulate the operations of the Company, to act as agent for the Company, to execute documents on behalf of the Company and to make executive decisions that conform to general policies and principles established by the Board. The Board shall monitor the Adviser, or if any, the Administrator, to assure that the administrative procedures, operations and programs of the Company are in the best interests of the Shareholders and are fulfilled and that (i) the expenses incurred are reasonable in light of the investment performance of the Company, its net assets and its net income, (ii) all Front End Fees shall be reasonable and shall not exceed eighteen percent (18 of the gross proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment, and (iii) the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be at least eighty-two percent (82 ). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Company, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 

(b) The Board of Trustees is responsible for determining that compensation paid to the Adviser is reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed and the investment performance of the Company and that the provisions of the Advisory Agreement are being carried out. The Board may consider all factors that they deem relevant in making these determinations. So long as the Company is a business development company under the 1940 Act, compensation to the Adviser shall be considered presumptively reasonable if the incentive fee is limited to the participation in net gains allowed by the Advisers Act. 

Section 8.2 Fiduciary Obligations of Adviser . The Advisory Agreement shall provide that the Adviser and Sponsor have a fiduciary responsibility for the safekeeping and use of all funds and assets of the Company, whether or not in the Adviser s immediate possession or control, and that the Adviser shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such funds or assets in any manner 

25 of 42 

except for the exclusive benefit of the Company. The Company shall not permit any Shareholder to contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Adviser and Sponsor under common law. 

Section 8.3 Experience of Adviser . The Board of Trustees shall determine the sufficiency and adequacy of the relevant experience and qualifications for the officers of the Company given the business objective of the Company. The Board shall determine whether any Adviser possesses sufficient qualifications to perform the advisory function for the Company and whether the compensation provided for in its contract with the Company is justified. 

Section 8.4 Termination of Advisory Agreement . The Advisory Agreement shall provide that it is terminable (a) by the Company upon sixty (60) days written notice to the Adviser: (i) upon the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote on the matter (as majority is defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) or (ii) by the vote of the Independent Trustees; or (b) by the Adviser upon not less than one hundred twenty (120) days written notice to the Company, in each case without cause or penalty. In the event of termination, the Adviser will cooperate with the Company and the Board in making an orderly transition of the advisory function. In addition, if the Company elects to continue its operations following termination of the Advisory Agreement by the Adviser, the Adviser shall pay all direct expenses incurred as a direct result of its withdrawal. Upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, the Company shall pay the Adviser all amounts then accrued but unpaid to the Adviser. The method of payment must be fair and protect the solvency and liquidity of the Company. When the termination is voluntary, the method of payment will be presumed to be fair if it provides for a non-interest bearing unsecured promissory note with principal payable, if at all, from distributions which the terminated Adviser otherwise would have received under the applicable agreements among the parties had the Adviser not been terminated. When the termination is involuntary, the method of payment will be presumed to be fair if it provides for an interest bearing promissory note maturing in not more than five years with equal installment each year. 

Section 8.5 Organization and Offering Expenses Limitation . Unless otherwise provided in any resolution adopted by the Board of Trustees, the Company shall reimburse the Adviser and its Affiliates for Organization and Offering Expenses incurred by the Adviser or its Affiliates; provided, however, that the total amount of all Organization and Offering Expenses shall be reasonable, as determined by the Board, and shall be included in Front End Fees for purposes of the limit on such Front End Fees set forth in Section 8.1. 

Section 8.6 Acquisition Fees . The Company may pay the Adviser and/or its Affiliates fees for the review and evaluation of potential investments; provided, however, that the Board of Trustees shall conclude that the total of all Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses shall be reasonable. 

Section 8.7 Reimbursement of Adviser . The Company shall not reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for services for which the Adviser or its Affiliates are entitled to compensation in the form of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be: (a) rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, other administrative items of the Adviser; and (b) salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any Controlling Person of the Adviser. 

26 of 42 

Section 8.8 Payment and Reimbursement of Administrator . In the event the Company executes an agreement for the provision of administrative services, the Company may pay the Administrator a fee calculated on the basis of the Company s net assets in consideration for administration services provided by the Administrator Administration Fee ). In addition, the Company may reimburse the Administrator for all expenses of the Company incurred by the Administrator as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Company and obtained from entities not Affiliated with the Company that are not covered by the Administration Fee. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Declaration of Trust, the Administrator may be paid an Administration Fee and reimbursed for the administrative services necessary for the prudent operation of the Company performed by it on behalf of the Company; provided, however, reimbursement shall be an amount equal to the lower of the Administrator s actual cost or the amount the Company would be required to pay third parties for the provision of comparable administrative services in the same geographic location; and provided, further, that such costs are reasonably allocated to the Company on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other method conforming with generally accepted accounting principles. Except as otherwise provided herein, no reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which the Administrator is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. 

Section 8.9 Custodians 

(a) The Trustees may employ a custodian or custodians meeting the qualifications for custodians for portfolio securities of investment companies contained in the 1940 Act, as custodian with respect to the assets of the Company. Any custodian shall have authority as agent of the Company as determined by the custodian agreement or agreements, but subject to such restrictions, limitations and other requirements, if any, as may be contained in the Bylaws of the Company and the 1940 Act, including without limitation authority: 

(i) to hold the securities owned by the Company and deliver the same upon written order; 

(ii) to receive any receipt for any moneys due to the Company and deposit the same in its own banking department (if a bank) or elsewhere as the Trustees may direct; 

(iii) to disburse such funds upon orders or vouchers; 

(iv) if authorized by the Trustees, to keep the books and accounts of the Company and furnish clerical and accounting services; and 

(v) if authorized to do so by the Trustees, to compute the net income or net asset value of the Company; 

all upon such basis of compensation as may be agreed upon between the Trustees and the custodian. 
 The Trustees may also authorize each custodian to employ one or more sub-custodians from time to time to perform such of the acts and services of the custodian and upon such terms and conditions, as may be agreed upon between the custodian and such sub-custodian 
 27 of 42 

and approved by the Trustees, provided that in every case such sub-custodian shall meet the qualifications for custodians contained in the 1940 Act. 
 (b) Subject to such rules, regulations and orders as the SEC may adopt, the Trustees may direct the custodian to deposit all or any part of the securities owned by the Company in a system for the central handling of securities established by a national securities exchange or a national securities association registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or such other Person as may be permitted by the SEC, or otherwise in accordance with the 1940 Act, pursuant to which system all securities of any particular class of any issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be transferred or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of such securities, provided that all such deposits shall be subject to withdrawal only upon the order of the Company. 

Section 8.10 Distribution Arrangements . Subject to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Trustees may retain underwriters, distributors and/or placement agents to sell Shares and other securities of the Company. The Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into one or more contracts, providing for the sale of securities of the Company, whereby the Company may either agree to sell such securities to the other party to the contract or appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall be on such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article VIII or the Bylaws; and such contract may also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Company by such other party as principal or as agent of the Company and may provide that such other party may enter into selected intermediary agreements and servicing and similar agreements to further the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Company. 

ARTICLE IX INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND LIMITATIONS 

Section 9.1 Investment Objective . The Company s investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Trustees shall have power with respect to the Company to manage, conduct, operate and carry on the business of a business development company. The Independent Trustees shall review the investment policies of the Company with sufficient frequency (not less often than annually) to determine that the policies being followed by the Company are in the best interests of its Shareholders. Each such determination and the basis therefor shall be set forth in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Trustees. 

Section 9.2 Investments, Generally . All transactions entered into by the Company shall be consistent with the investment permissions and limitations as established for business development companies under the 1940 Act, including any applicable exemptive orders that have been or may be issued in the future by the SEC. 

Section 9.3 Investments in Programs . For purposes of this Section, Program shall be defined as a limited or general partnership, joint venture, unincorporated association or similar organization, other than a corporation, formed and operated for the primary purpose of investment in and the operation of or gain from and interest in the assets to be acquired by such entity. A 

28 of 42 

Program shall not include (and nothing in this Declaration of Trust shall prevent) investments by the Company directly in a master fund in a master/feeder fund structure permissible under the 1940 Act. A Program shall not include an Eligible Portfolio Company as defined by the 1940 Act. 

(a) The Company shall not invest in Programs with non-Affiliates that own and operate specific assets, unless the Company, alone or together with any publicly registered Affiliate of the Company meeting the requirements of subsection (b) below, acquires a controlling interest in such a Program, but in no event shall the Adviser be entitled to duplicate fees; provided, however that the foregoing is not intended to prevent the Company from carrying out its business of investing and reinvesting its assets in Securities of other issuers. For purposes of this Section, controlling interest means an equity interest possessing the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Program, including the authority to: (i) review all contracts entered into by the Program that will have a material effect on its business or assets; (ii) cause a sale or refinancing of the assets or its interest therein subject, in certain cases where required by the Program agreement, to limits as to time, minimum amounts and/or a right of first refusal by the Program or consent of the Program; (iii) approve budgets and major capital expenditures, subject to a stated minimum amount; (iv) veto any sale or refinancing of the assets, or alternatively, to receive a specified preference on sale or refinancing proceeds; and (v) exercise a right of first refusal on any desired sale or refinancing by the Program of its interest in the assets, except for transfer to an Affiliate of the Program. 

(b) The Company shall have the authority to invest in Programs with other publicly registered Affiliates of the Company if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the Affiliate and the Company have substantially identical investment objectives; (ii) there are no duplicate fees to the Adviser; (iii) the compensation payable by the Program to the Adviser in each Company that invests in such Program is substantially identical; (iv) each of the Company and the Affiliate has a right of first refusal to buy if the other party wishes to sell assets held in the joint venture; (v) the investment of each of the Company and its Affiliate is on substantially the same terms and conditions; and (vi) any prospectus of the Company in use or proposed to be used when such an investment has been made or is contemplated discloses the potential risk of impasse on joint venture decisions since neither the Company nor its Affiliate controls the Program, and the potential risk that while the Company or its Affiliate may have the right to buy the assets from the Program, it may not have the resources to do so. 

(c) The Company shall have the authority to invest in Programs with Affiliates other than publicly registered Affiliates of the Company only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the investment is necessary to relieve the Adviser from any commitment to purchase the assets entered into in compliance with Section 10.1 prior to the closing of the offering period of the Company; (ii) there are no duplicate fees to the Adviser; (iii) the investment of each entity is on substantially the same terms and conditions; (iv) the Company has a right of first refusal to buy if the Adviser wishes to sell assets held in the joint venture; and (v) any prospectus of the Company in use or proposed to be used when such an investment has been made or is contemplated discloses the potential risk of impasse on joint venture decisions. 

(d) The Company may be structured to conduct operations through separate single-purpose entities managed by the Adviser (multi-tier arrangements); provided, that the terms of any such arrangements do not result in the circumvention of any of the requirements or 

29 of 42 

prohibitions contained herein or under the Omnibus Guidelines or applicable federal or state securities laws. Any agreements regarding such arrangements shall accompany any prospectus of the Company, if such agreement is then available, and the terms of such agreement shall contain provisions assuring that all of the following restrictions apply: (i) there will be no duplication or increase in Organization and Offering Expenses, fees payable to the Adviser, program expenses or other fees and costs; (ii) there will be no substantive alteration in the fiduciary and contractual relationship between the Adviser, the Company and the Shareholders; and (iii) there will be no diminishment in the voting rights of the Shareholders. 

(e) Other than as specifically permitted in subsections (b), (c) and (d) above, the Company shall not invest in Programs with Affiliates. 

(f) Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall be permitted to invest in general partnership interests of limited partnership Programs only if the Company, alone or together with any publicly registered Affiliate of the Company meeting the requirements of subsection (b) above, acquires a controlling interest as defined in subsection (a) above, the Adviser is not entitled to any duplicate fees, no additional compensation beyond that permitted under applicable law is paid to the Adviser, and the limited partnership Program agreement or other applicable agreement complies with this Section 9.3(f). 

Section 9.4 Other Goods or Services . 

(a) The Company may accept other goods or other services provided by the Adviser in connection with the operation of assets, provided that: (i) the Adviser determines such self-dealing arrangement is in the best interest of the Company; (ii) the terms pursuant to which all such goods or services are provided to the Company by the Adviser shall be embodied in a written contract, the material terms of which must be fully disclosed to the Shareholders; (iii) the material terms of the written contract may only be modified by vote of a majority of then outstanding Shares and (iv) the contract shall contain a clause allowing termination without penalty on sixty (60) days prior notice. Without limitation to the foregoing, arrangements to provide such goods or other services must meet all of the following criteria: (X) the Adviser must be independently engaged in the business of providing such goods or services to persons other than its Affiliates and at least thirty-three percent (33 of the Adviser s associated gross revenues must come from persons other than its Affiliates; (Y) the compensation, price or fee charged for providing such goods or services must be comparable and competitive with the compensation, price or fee charged by persons other than the Adviser in the same geographic location who provide comparable goods or services which could reasonably be made available to the Company; and (Z) except in extraordinary circumstances, the compensation and other material terms of the arrangement must be fully disclosed to the Shareholders. Extraordinary circumstances are limited to instances when immediate action is required and the goods or services are not immediately available from persons other than the Adviser. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsection (a)(X), if the Adviser is not engaged in the business to the extent required by such clause, the Adviser may provide to the Company other goods or other services if all of the following additional conditions are met: (i) the Adviser can demonstrate the capacity and capability to provide such goods or services on a 

30 of 42 

competitive basis; (ii) the goods or services are provided at the lesser of cost or the competitive rate charged by persons other than the Adviser or its Affiliates in the same geographic location who are in the business of providing comparable goods or services; (iii) the cost is limited to the reasonable necessary and actual expenses incurred by the Adviser on behalf of the Company in providing such goods or services, exclusive of expenses of the type which may not be reimbursed under the Omnibus Guidelines or applicable federal or state securities laws; and (iv) expenses are allocated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and are made subject to any special audit required by the Omnibus Guidelines or applicable federal and state securities laws. 

Section 9.5 Borrowing Money or Utilizing Leverage . The Trustees shall have the power to cause the Company to borrow money or otherwise obtain credit or utilize leverage to the maximum extent permitted by law or regulation as such may be needed from time to time and to secure the same by mortgaging, pledging or otherwise subjecting as security the assets of the Company, including the lending of portfolio securities, and to endorse, guarantee, or undertake the performance of any obligation, contract or engagement of any other person, firm, association or corporation. In addition and notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration of Trust, the Company is hereby authorized to borrow funds, incur indebtedness and guarantee obligations of any Person, and in connection therewith, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Trustees, on behalf of the Company, are hereby authorized to pledge, hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer or grant security interests in or other liens on (i) the Shareholders subscription agreements and the Shareholders obligations to make capital contributions thereunder and hereunder, and (ii) any other assets, rights or remedies of the Company or of the Trustees hereunder or under the subscription agreements, including without limitation, the right to issue capital call notices and to exercise remedies upon a default by a Shareholder in the payment of its capital contributions and the right to receive capital contributions and other payments, subject to the terms hereof and thereof. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration of Trust, (i) the Company may borrow funds, incur indebtedness and enter into guarantees together with one or more Persons on a joint and several basis or on any other basis that the Board of Trustees, in its sole discretion, determines is fair and reasonable to the Company, and (ii) in connection with any borrowing, indebtedness or guarantee by the Company, all capital contributions shall be payable to the account of the Company designated by the Board of Trustees, which may be pledged to any lender or other credit party of the Company. All rights granted to a lender pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall apply to its agents and its successors and permitted assigns. 

ARTICLE X CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

Section 10.1 Sales and Leases to Company . Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not purchase or lease assets in which the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof has an interest unless all of the following conditions are met: (a) the transaction is fully disclosed to the Shareholders either in a prospectus or periodic report filed with the SEC or otherwise; and (b) the assets are sold or leased upon terms that are reasonable and fair to the Company and at a price not to exceed the lesser of cost or fair market value as determined by an Independent Expert. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.1, the Adviser or any Affiliate may purchase assets in its own name (and assume loans in connection therewith) and temporarily hold title thereto, for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition of the assets, the borrowing of money, obtaining financing for the Company, or the 

31 of 42 

completion of construction of the assets, provided that all of the following conditions are met: (i) the assets are purchased by the Company at a price no greater than the cost of the assets to the Adviser or its Affiliate; (ii) all income generated by, and the expenses associated with, the assets so acquired shall be treated as belonging to the Company; and (iii) there are no other benefits arising out of such transaction to the Adviser or its Affiliate. 

Section 10.2 Sales and Leases to the Adviser, Trustees or Affiliates . Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not sell assets to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof unless such sale is duly approved by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding voting securities of the Company. The Company shall not lease assets to the Adviser or any Trustee or Affiliate thereof unless all of the following conditions are met: (i) the transaction is fully disclosed to the Shareholders either in a periodic report filed with the SEC or otherwise; and (ii) the terms of the transaction are fair and reasonable to the Company. 

Section 10.3 Loans . Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC and except for the advancement of funds pursuant to Sections 7.3 and 7.4, no loans, credit facilities, credit agreements or otherwise shall be made by the Company to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof. 

Section 10.4 Commissions on Financing, Refinancing or Reinvestment . Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not pay, directly or indirectly, a commission or fee to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof (except as otherwise specified in this Article X) in connection with the reinvestment of cash available for distribution and available reserves or of the proceeds of the resale, exchange or refinancing of assets. 

Section 10.5 Rebates, Kickbacks and Reciprocal Arrangements . The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not receive or accept any rebate or give-ups or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent provisions of the Omnibus Guidelines or applicable federal or state securities laws governing conflicts of interest or investment restrictions, enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would circumvent the restrictions against dealing with affiliates or promoters under the Omnibus Guidelines or applicable federal or state securities laws, or receive or accept any rebate, give-up or similar arrangement or participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent the Omnibus Guidelines. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any Person engaged to sell Shares or give investment advice to a potential Shareholder; provided, however, that this Section 10.5 shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of normal sales commissions or other compensation (including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing Shares, including out of the Adviser s own assets, including those amounts paid to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. 

32 of 42 

Section 10.6 Exchanges . The Company may not acquire assets in exchange for Shares of the Company without approval of a majority of the Board of Trustees, including a majority of the Independent Trustees with consideration to an independent appraisal of such assets. 

Section 10.7 Other Transactions . Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not engage in any other transaction with the Adviser or a Trustee or Affiliate thereof unless: (a) such transaction complies with all applicable law and (b) a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such transaction approve such transaction as fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. 

Section 10.8 Lending Practices . On financings made available to the Company by the Adviser, the Adviser may not receive interest in excess of the lesser of the Adviser s cost of funds or the amounts that would be charged by unrelated lending institutions on comparable loans for the same purpose. The Adviser shall not impose a prepayment charge or penalty in connection with such financings and the Adviser shall not receive points or other financing charges. The Adviser shall be prohibited from providing permanent financing for the Company. For purposes of this Section 10.8, permanent financing shall mean any financing with a term in excess of twelve (12) months. 

ARTICLE XI SHAREHOLDERS 

Section 11.1 Certain Voting Rights of Shareholders . 

(a) Subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares then outstanding and the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations and subject to the other provisions of this Declaration of Trust (including Section 6.2), the following actions may be taken by the Shareholders, without concurrence by the Board of Trustees, upon a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matters: 

(i) modify this Declaration of Trust in accordance with Article VI hereof; 

(ii) remove the Adviser and appoint a new Adviser pursuant to the procedures in Section 8.4; or 

(iii) sell all or substantially all of the Company assets other than in the ordinary course of the Company s business. 

(b) Without the approval of Shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, or such other approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, or other provisions of this Declaration of Trust, the Company shall not permit the Adviser to: 

(i) modify this Declaration of Trust except for amendments which do not adversely affect the rights of Shareholders; 

33 of 42 

(ii) appoint a new Adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of an Advisory Agreement and applicable law); 

(iii) sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets other than in the ordinary course of the Company s business or as otherwise permitted by law; or 

(iv) except as permitted under the Advisory Agreement, voluntarily withdraw as the Adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Company and would not materially adversely affect the Shareholders. 

(c) Shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all Shares of the Company entitled to vote may, without the necessity for concurrence by the Adviser, vote to dissolve the Company. 

Section 11.2 Voting Limitations on Shares Held by the Adviser, Trustees and Affiliates . With respect to shares owned by the Adviser, any Trustees, or any of their respective Affiliates, neither the Adviser, nor such Trustee(s), nor any of their Affiliates may vote or consent on matters submitted to the Shareholders regarding the removal of the Adviser, such Trustee(s) or any of their Affiliates or any transaction between the Company and any of them. In determining the requisite percentage in interest of shares necessary to approve a matter on which the Adviser, such Trustee(s) and any of their Affiliates may not vote or consent, any shares owned by any of them shall not be included. 

Section 11.3 Right of Inspection . 

(a) Any Shareholder may: (i) in person or by agent, on written request, inspect and obtain copies at all reasonable times the Company s books and records and ledger; and (ii) present to any officer of the Company or its resident agent a written request for a statement of its affairs. 

(b) Any Shareholder may: (i) in person or by agent, on written request, inspect and copy at all reasonable times the books and records and ledger of the Company; (ii) present to any officer or resident agent of the Company a written request for a statement of its affairs; and (iii) in the event the Company does not maintain the original or a duplicate ledger at its principal office, present to any officer or resident agent of the Company a written request for the Shareholder List. As used in this Section 11.3, the term Shareholder List means an alphabetical list of names, addresses and business telephone numbers of the Shareholders of the Company along with the number of equity shares held by each of them. 

(c) A copy of the Shareholder List, requested in accordance with this Section, shall be mailed within ten (10) days of the request and shall be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10 point font). The Shareholder List shall be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. 

34 of 42 

(d) The Company may impose a reasonable charge for expenses incurred in reproduction pursuant to the Shareholder request. A holder of Common Shares may request a copy of the Shareholder List in connection with matters relating to Shareholders voting rights, the exercise of Shareholder rights under federal proxy laws or for any other proper and legitimate purpose. Each Shareholder who receives a copy of the Shareholder List shall keep such list confidential and shall sign a confidentiality agreement to the effect that such Shareholder will keep the Shareholder List confidential and share such list only with its employees, representatives or agents who agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality of the Shareholder List. 

(e) If the Adviser or Trustees neglect or refuse to exhibit, produce or mail a copy of the Shareholder List as requested, the Adviser and the Trustees shall be liable to any Shareholder requesting the list for the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that Shareholder for compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any Shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the Shareholder List is to secure such list of Shareholders or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a Shareholder relative to the affairs of the Company. The Company may require the Shareholder requesting the Shareholder List to represent that the list is not requested for a commercial purpose unrelated to the Shareholder s interest in the Company. The remedies provided hereunder to Shareholders requesting copies of the Shareholder List are in addition, to and shall not in any way limit, other remedies available to Shareholders under federal law, or the laws of any state. 

Section 11.4 Shareholder Reports . 

(a) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to insure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered or made available by any reasonable means, including an electronic medium, to each Shareholder as of a record date after the end of the fiscal year within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the fiscal year to which it relates an annual report for each fiscal year ending after the commencement of the Company s initial public offering that shall include: (i) financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP that are audited and reported on by independent certified public accountants; (ii) a report of the activities of the Company during the period covered by the report; and (iii) where forecasts have been provided to the Shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously provided with the actual results during the period covered by the report; and (iv) a report setting forth distributions to Shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from: (A) Cash Flow from operations during the period; (B) Cash Flow from operations during a prior period which have been held as reserves; (C) proceeds from disposition of assets of the Company; and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds. Such annual report must also contain a breakdown of the costs reimbursed to the Adviser. 

(b) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and filed, as well as delivered or made available to Shareholders, within sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, a Form 10-Q if required under the Exchange Act. 

35 of 42 

(c) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered or made available within seventy-five (75) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company to each Person who was at any time during such fiscal year a Shareholder all information regarding the Shareholder s holdings in the Company, necessary for the preparation of the Shareholders federal income tax returns. 

(d) If capital stock has been purchased on a deferred payment basis, on which there remains an unpaid balance during any period covered by any report required by subsections (a) and (b) above; then such report shall contain a detailed statement of the status of all deferred payments, actions taken by the Company in response to any defaults, and a discussion and analysis of the impact on capital requirements of the Company. 

(e) The Board of Trustees shall cause the Company, upon request from any state official or agency or official administering the securities laws of such state (a State Administrator ), to submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to Shareholders pursuant to this Section 11.4. 

Section 11.5 Suitability of Shareholders . 

(a) Investor Suitability Standards . During any public offering of its Shares and until the earlier of a Liquidity Event or the date the Company is no longer subject to the Omnibus Guidelines, the Company and those selling shares on its behalf shall, with respect to share offers and sales in which they are broker of record, assure that such shares are offered and sold pursuant only to prospective investors who, in each case, meet the income and Net Worth Suitability Standards as specified in the Company s prospectus for the Shares (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time) and the Omnibus Guidelines. 

(b) The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall make this determination on the basis of information it has obtained from a prospective Shareholder. Relevant information for this purpose will include at least the age, investment objectives, investment experience, income, net worth, financial situation and other investments of the prospective Shareholder, as well as any other pertinent factors. 

(c) The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall maintain records of the information used to determine that an investment in Common Shares is suitable and appropriate for a Shareholder. The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall maintain these records for at least six years. 

ARTICLE XII ROLL-UP TRANSACTIONS 

Section 12.1 Roll-up Transactions . In connection with any proposed Roll-Up Transaction, an appraisal of all of the Company s assets shall be obtained from a competent Independent Expert. The Company s assets shall be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal shall be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and shall indicate the value of the assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed Roll-Up Transaction. The appraisal shall assume an orderly liquidation of the assets over a twelve-month period. The terms of the 

36 of 42 

engagement of the Independent Expert shall clearly state that the engagement is for the benefit of the Company and the Shareholders. A summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, shall be included in a report to Shareholders in connection with a proposed Roll-Up Transaction. In connection with a proposed Roll-Up Transaction, the Person sponsoring the Roll-Up Transaction shall offer to Shareholders who vote against the proposed Roll-Up Transaction the choice of: 

(a) accepting the securities of a Roll-Up Entity offered in the proposed Roll-Up Transaction; or 

(b) one of the following: 

(i) remaining as Shareholders and preserving their interests therein on the same terms and conditions as existed previously; or 

(ii) receiving cash in an amount equal to the Shareholder s pro rata share of the appraised value of the net assets of the Company. 

The Company is prohibited from participating in any proposed Roll-Up Transaction: 
 (c) that would result in the Shareholders having voting rights in a Roll-Up Entity that are less than shareholder rights and other voting rights provided for in Sections 4.11, 11.1, 11.2, 13.3 and 13.5 hereof or Section 3(b) of Article II of our Bylaws; 

(d) that would result in shareholders having democracy rights in the Roll-Up Entity that are lesser than the rights provided for in the Declaration of Trust; 

(e) that includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the accumulation of capital stock by any purchaser of the securities of the Roll-Up Entity (except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of the Roll-Up Entity), or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the Roll-Up Entity on the basis of the capital stock held by that investor; 

(f) in which investor s rights to access of records of the Roll-Up Entity will be less than those described in Section 11.3 hereof; or 

(g) in which any of the costs of the Roll-Up Transaction would be borne by the Company if the Roll-Up Transaction is rejected by the Shareholders. 

ARTICLE XIII DURATION OF THE COMPANY 

Section 13.1 Duration of the Company . The Company shall continue perpetually unless terminated pursuant to the provisions contained herein or pursuant to any applicable provision of the Statutory Trust Act. 

Section 13.2 Dissolution by the Trustees . The Company may be dissolved at any time upon affirmative vote by a majority of the Trustees. Shareholders of the Company shall not be entitled 

37 of 42 

to vote on the dissolution or plan of liquidation of the Trust under this Article XIII except to the extent required by the 1940 Act. 

Section 13.3 Dissolution by Shareholder Vote . The Company may be dissolved at any time, without the necessity for concurrence by the Board, upon affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares entitled to vote on the matter. 

Section 13.4 Liquidation . Upon dissolution of the Company, the Board of Trustees shall cause the Company to liquidate and wind-up in a manner consistent with Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Act, including the distribution to the Shareholders of any assets of the Company. Upon dissolution and the completion of the winding up of the affairs of the Company, the Company shall be terminated by the executing and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware by one or more Trustees of a certificate of cancellation of the certificate of trust of the Company. 

Section 13.5 Merger or Other Reorganization of the Company . The Company may not permit the Adviser to cause the merger or other reorganization of the Company without the affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter. 

ARTICLE XIV MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 14.1 Construction and Governing Law . 

(a) This Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, in combination, shall constitute the governing instrument of the Company, however to the extent that any provision of the Bylaws conflicts with this Declaration of Trust, the terms of this Declaration of Trust shall control. This Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, and the rights and obligations of the Trustees and Shareholders hereunder, shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Statutory Trust Act and the laws of the State of Delaware. 

(b) reserved 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Shareholders and the Trustees of the Company shall be deemed to have waived any non-mandatory rights of beneficial owners or trustees under the Statutory Trust Act or general trust law; and that the Company, the Shareholders, and the Trustees (including the Delaware Trustee) shall not be subject to any applicable provisions of law pertaining to trusts that, in a manner inconsistent with the express terms of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws, relate to or regulate (i) the filing with any court or governmental body or agency of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees and charges, (ii) affirmative requirements to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (iii) the necessity for obtaining court or other governmental approval concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (iv) fees or other sums payable to trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (v) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to income or principal, (vi) restrictions or limitations on the permissible nature, amount or concentration of trust investments or requirements relating to the titling, storage or other manner of holding or investing trust assets, or (vii) the establishment of fiduciary or other standards or responsibilities or limitations on the acts or powers 

38 of 42 

of trustees, which are inconsistent with the limitations or liabilities or authorities and powers of Trustees as set forth or referenced in this Declaration of Trust. 

(d) Sections 3540 and 3561 of Title 12 of the Statutory Trust Act shall not apply to the Company. 

Section 14.2 Conflicts of Law . To the extent that any provision of the Statutory Trust Act or any provision of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws conflicts with any mandatory requirement of the 1940 Act, the applicable requirement of the 1940 Act shall control; provided, however, that such conflict shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. If any provision of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of this Declaration of Trust in any jurisdiction. 

Section 14.3 Derivative Actions . 

(a) No person, other than a Trustee, who is not a Shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Company. 

(b) In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Statutory Trust Act, a Shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Company only if the following conditions are met: (i) a demand on the Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Trustees who are not independent trustees (as that term is defined in the Statutory Trust Act); and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) of this paragraph, the Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such Shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim; and the Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisers in considering the merits of the request. 

Section 14.4 Direct Actions . To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the Shareholders right to bring direct actions against the Company and/or its Trustees is eliminated, except for a direct action to enforce an individual Shareholder right to vote or a direct action to enforce an individual Shareholder s rights under Sections 3805(e) or 3819 of the Statutory Trust Act. To the extent such right cannot be eliminated to this extent as a matter of Delaware law, then the conditions required for the bringing of a derivative action pursuant to Section 14.3 of this Declaration of Trust and Section 3816 of the Statutory Trust Act shall be equally applicable to bringing a direct action. Nothing in this Section 14.4 will apply to any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim brought under federal securities laws or state securities laws. 

Section 14.5 Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction . Each Trustee, each officer, each Shareholder and each Person beneficially owning an interest in a share of the Company (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the Statutory Trust Act, (i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings arising out of or relating in any way to the Company or its business and affairs, the Statutory Trust Act, this 

39 of 42 

Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar) doctrine (including, without limitation, any claims, suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws, or (B) the duties (including fiduciary duties), obligations or liabilities of the Company to the Shareholders or the Trustees, or of officers or the Trustees to the Company, to the Shareholders or each other, or (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Company, the officers, the Trustees or the Shareholders, or (D) any provision of the Statutory Trust Act or other laws of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts made applicable to the Company pursuant to Section 3809 of the Statutory Trust Act, or (E) any other instrument, document, agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the Statutory Trust Act, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws relating in any way to the Company or (F) the federal securities laws of the United States, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act, or the securities or antifraud laws of any international, national, state, provincial, territorial, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (regardless, in every case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings (x) sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or (z) are derivative or direct claims)), shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts or any other court to which proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof; provided, nothing in clause (iv) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law, and (v) irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding. In the event that any claim, suit, action or proceeding is commenced outside of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in contravention of this Section 14.5, all reasonable and documented out of pocket fees, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs, incurred by the prevailing party in such claim, suit, action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party. Nothing in this Section 14.5 will apply to any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim brought under federal securities laws or state securities laws. 

Section 14.6 Agreement to be Bound . EVERY PERSON, BY VIRTUE OF HAVING BECOME A SHAREHOLDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST AND THE BYLAWS, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE EXPRESSLY ASSENTED AND AGREED TO THE TERMS OF, AND SHALL BE BOUND BY, THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST AND THE BYLAWS. 

40 of 42 

Section 14.7 Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise . Any notice, proxy, vote, consent, report, instrument or writing of any kind or any signature referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws may, in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission (within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Act), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 

41 of 42 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Declaration to be executed as of the day and year first above written. 

/s/ Jennifer M. Birmingham 

Jennifer M. Birmingham, as Trustee 

/s/ David B. Jones 

David B. Jones, as Trustee 

/s/ Tara C. Kenney 

Tara C. Kenney, as Trustee 

/s/ Matthew J. Conti 

Matthew J. Conti, as Trustee 

Interested Trustee. 

42 of 42 

</EX-3>

<EX-3>
 4
 ck0001920453-ex3_3.htm
 EX-3.3

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.3 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 ARTICLE I. 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE . The principal office of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Company in the State of Delaware shall be located at such place as the Board of Trustees of the Company (the Trustees or the Board may designate from time to time. 

Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES . The principal executive office of the Company is at 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02210. The Company may have additional offices at such places as the Board may from time to time determine or the business of the Company may require. 

ARTICLE II. 
 MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
 Section 1. PLACE . All meetings of shareholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Company or at such other place as shall be set by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting. 

Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING . An annual meeting of shareholders shall not be required in any year in which the election of Trustees is not required to be held under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules promulgated thereunder (the 1940 Act ). The failure to hold an annual meeting shall not invalidate the Company s existence or affect any otherwise valid corporate act of the Company. 

Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS . 

(a) General . The (i) Chairman of the Board, (ii) President, or (iii) a majority of the Board may call a special meeting of the shareholders. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, the Secretary of the Company shall call a special meeting of shareholders upon the written request of the shareholders entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10 of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 

(b) Shareholder Requested Special Meetings . 

(1) Any shareholder of record seeking to request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board to fix a record date to determine the shareholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more shareholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date 

1 of 19 
 
 Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such shareholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such shareholder that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Trustees in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or as otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice and subject to Delaware Statutory Trust Act, as amended from time to time, (the DSTA ), the Board may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten (10) days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board. If the Board, within ten (10) days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth (10th) day after the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary. 

(2) In order for any shareholder to request a special meeting, one or more written requests for a special meeting signed by shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10 (the Special Meeting Percentage of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting (the Special Meeting Request shall be delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to the matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), shall bear the date of signature of each such shareholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, shall set forth the name and address, as they appear in the Company s books, of each shareholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed) and the class, series and number of all shares of the Company which are owned by each such shareholder, and the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record, shall be sent to the Secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be received by the Secretary within sixty (60) days after the Request Record Date (the Special Meeting Request Deadline ). Any requesting shareholder may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation or the Special Meeting Request). 

(3) If the Special Meeting Percentage is met by the Special Meeting Request Deadline, the Secretary shall inform the requesting shareholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including the Company s proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon shareholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by this subsection, the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the mailing of any notice of the meeting. 

(4) Except as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the President or the Board of Trustees, whoever has called the meeting. In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of shareholders (a Shareholder Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of 

2 of 19 
 
 Trustees; provided, however, that the date of any Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be not less than fifteen (15) and not more than sixty (60) days after the Secretary gives notice for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date ); and provided further that if the Board fails to designate, within fifteen (15) days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a shareholder requested meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m. local time on the sixtieth (60th) day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such sixtieth (60th) day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day; and provided further that in the event that the Board fails to designate a place for a shareholder requested meeting within fifteen (15) days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Company. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the President or the Board of Trustees may consider such factors as the Trustees deem relevant within the good faith exercise of business judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for meeting and any plan of the Board to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any shareholder requested meeting, the Board shall fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date not later than sixty (60) days after the Delivery Date. The Board of Trustees may revoke the notice for any Shareholder Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting shareholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b). 

(5) If written revocations of requests for the special meeting have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the Secretary, the Secretary shall: (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been mailed, refrain from mailing the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting shareholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been mailed and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting shareholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Secretary s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting, revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten (10) days before the commencement of the meeting. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 

(6) The Board, the Chairman of the Board or the President may appoint independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Company for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five (5) Business Days after receipt by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Company that the valid requests received by the Secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this subsection (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Company or any shareholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five (5) Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, 

3 of 19 
 
 prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 

(7) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Section 4. NOTICE OF MEETINGS . 

(a) Method of Delivery; Minimum Contents; Waiver . Written or printed notice of the purpose or purposes, in the case of a special meeting, and of the time and place of every meeting of the shareholders shall be given by the Secretary of the Company to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting and to each other shareholder entitled to notice of the meeting, by: (i) presenting the notice to such shareholder personally, (ii) placing the notice in the mail, (iii) delivering the notice by overnight delivery service, (iv) transmitting the notice by electronic mail or any other electronic means, or (v) any other means permitted by Delaware law, at least ten (10) days, but not more than ninety (90) days, prior to the date designated for the meeting, addressed to each shareholder at such shareholder s address appearing on the records of the Company or supplied by the shareholder to the Company for the purpose of notice. The notice shall state the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by statute or these Bylaws, the purpose for which the meeting is called. The notice of any meeting of shareholders may be accompanied by a form of proxy approved by the Board in favor of the actions or persons as the Board may select. Notice of any meeting of shareholders shall be deemed waived by any shareholder who attends the meeting in person or by proxy or who before or after the meeting submits a signed waiver of notice that is filed with the records of the meeting. 

(b) Scope of Notice . Except as provided in Article II, Section 11, any business of the Company may be transacted at an annual meeting of shareholders without being specifically designated in the notice of such meeting, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of shareholders except as specifically designated in the notice of such meeting. 

Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT . Every meeting of shareholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board to be chairperson of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment, by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Chairman of the Board, by one of the following officers present at the meeting: the President, any Vice President, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer or, in the absence of such officers, a chairperson chosen by the shareholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or by proxy. The Secretary or, in the Secretary s absence, an Assistant Secretary or, in the absence of both the Secretary and Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board or, in the absence of such appointment, an individual appointed by the chairperson of the meeting shall act as Secretary. In the event that the Secretary presides at a meeting of the shareholders, an Assistant Secretary, or, in the absence of Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board or the chairperson of the 

4 of 19 
 
 meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of shareholders shall be determined by the chairperson of the meeting. The chairperson of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of such chairperson, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting; (b) limiting attendance at the meeting to shareholders of record of the Company, their duly authorized proxies or other such individuals as the chairperson of the meeting may determine; (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to shareholders of record of the Company entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies or other such individuals as the chairperson of the meeting may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting; (f) removing any shareholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chairperson of the meeting; and (g) recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and place announced at the meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the chairperson of the meeting, meetings of shareholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

Section 6. QUORUM . At any meeting of shareholders, the presence in person or by proxy of the shareholders of the Company holding at least fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares of the Company (without regard to class or series) shall constitute a quorum, except with respect to any such matter that, under applicable statutes or regulatory requirements, requires approval by a separate vote of one or more classes of capital shares of the Company, in which case the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares of the Company s capital shares holding at least fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares of such class shall constitute a quorum. This Section 6 shall not affect any requirement under any applicable law, any other provisions of these Bylaws or the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company, as further amended or restated from time to time (the Declaration of Trust ), for the vote necessary for the adoption of any measure. If such quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the shareholders, then the chairperson of the meeting or the shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to a date not more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the original record date without further notice other than announcement at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. 

Section 7. VOTING . A plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a Trustee, provided that, in the case where the number of nominees for the trusteeships (or, if applicable, the trusteeships of a particular class of trustees) exceeds the number of such trustees to be elected (a Contested Election ), a majority of all votes cast shall be required to elect such nominee, provided that if a sufficient number of votes to elect a trustee are not cast in such Contested Election, the incumbent Trustee, if any, shall retain their position. Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are Trustees to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required 

5 of 19 
 
 by the 1940 Act or other applicable law, the Declaration of Trust or Article III of these Bylaws. Unless otherwise provided in the Declaration of Trust, each outstanding share owned of record on the applicable record date, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders. 

Section 8. PROXIES . A shareholder may vote the shares owned of record by the shareholder, either in person or by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or by the shareholder s duly authorized agent as permitted by law. Such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Company before or at the meeting. 

Section 9. VOTING OF SHARES BY CERTAIN HOLDERS . Shares of the Company registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the President or a Vice President, a general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such share pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such share. Any fiduciary may vote shares registered in his or her name as such fiduciary, either in person or by proxy. 

Shares of the Company directly owned by it or its subsidiaries shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 The Board may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a shareholder may certify in writing to the Company that any shares registered in the name of the shareholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the shareholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of shareholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date or closing of the shares transfer books, the time after the record date or closing of the shares transfer books within which the certification must be received by the Company; and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board considers necessary or desirable. On receipt of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the shareholder of record of the specified shares in place of the shareholder who makes the certification. 
 Section 10. INSPECTORS . The Board in advance of any meeting of shareholders, or the chairperson of the meeting at any meeting of shareholders, may, but need not, appoint one or more individual inspectors or one or more entities that designate individuals as inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the Board in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the chairperson of the meeting. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, as defined in this Article II, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or 

6 of 19 
 
 consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, and determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders. Each such report of an inspector shall be in writing and signed by him or her or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 

Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDER NOMINEES FOR TRUSTEES AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS . 

(a) Annual Meetings of Shareholders . To the extent that the Company shall hold an annual meeting of its shareholders: 

(1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the shareholders may be made at an annual meeting of shareholders (i) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) by any shareholder of the Company who was a shareholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 

(2) For nominations of individuals for election to the Board or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder pursuant to clause (iii) of subsection (a)(1) of this Section 11, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Company and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the shareholders. To be timely, a shareholder s notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company not less than one hundred twenty (120) days nor more than one hundred fifty (150) days prior to the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the mailing of the notice for the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than thirty (30) days from the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of mailing of the notice for such meeting is first made. In no event shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. Such shareholder s notice shall set forth: (i) as to each individual whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a Trustee, all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Trustees, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor regulations) under the Exchange Act (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy 

7 of 19 
 
 statement as a nominee and to serving as a Trustee if elected) and whether such shareholder believes any such individual is, or is not, an Interested Person (as such term is defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the Company and information regarding such individual that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Company, to make such determination: (ii) as to any other business that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined below) and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (iii) as to the shareholder giving the notice, any Shareholder Associated Person and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Company s books, of any Shareholder Associated Person and of such beneficial owner and the class and number of shares of the Company which are owned beneficially and of record by such shareholder, Shareholder Associated Person and such beneficial owner. 

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 11(a)(2) to the contrary, in the event that the number of Trustees to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for Trustee or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Company at least one hundred thirty (130) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a shareholder s notice required by this Section 11(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Company. 

(4) For purposes of this Section 11, Shareholder Associated Person of any shareholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such shareholder, (ii) any beneficial owner (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of shares of the Company owned of record or beneficially by such shareholder and (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Shareholder Associated Person. For purposes of this Section 11, control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2 of the 1940 Act. 

(b) Special Meetings of Shareholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of shareholders at which Trustees are to be elected (i) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) provided that the Board has determined that Trustees shall be elected at such special meeting, by any shareholder of the Company who is a shareholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Company calls a special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board, any such shareholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a Trustee as specified in the 

8 of 19 
 
 Company s notice of meeting, if the shareholder s notice required by subsection (a)(2) of this Section 11 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company not earlier than the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 

(c) General . 

(1) Upon written request by the Secretary or the Board or any committee thereof, any shareholder proposing a nominee for election as a Trustee or any proposal for other business at a meeting of shareholders shall provide, within five (5) Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Company, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the shareholder pursuant to this Section 11. If a shareholder fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 

(2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election as Trustees, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. The chairperson of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 

(3) For purposes of this Section 11, (a) the date of mailing of the notice shall mean the date of the proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for election of Trustees and (b) public announcement shall mean disclosure (i) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press Business Wire, PR Newswire or comparable news service or (ii) in a document publicly filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act or the 1940 Act. 

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a shareholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, nor the right of the Company to omit a proposal from, the Company s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 

9 of 19 
 
 Section 12. VOTING BY BALLOT . Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the presiding officer shall order or any shareholder shall demand that voting be by ballot. 

ARTICLE III. 
 TRUSTEES 
 Section 1. GENERAL POWERS . The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of its Board. The Board may designate a Chairman of the Board, who may also be an officer of the Company, and who will have such powers and duties as determined by the Board from time to time. 

Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority of the entire Board may establish, increase or decrease the number of Trustees, provided that the number thereof shall never be fewer than one, and further provided that the tenure of office of a Trustee shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of Trustees. A majority of Trustees shall be Independent Trustees (for purposes of these Bylaws, as such term is defined in the Declaration of Trust).) An individual nominated or seated as a Trustee shall be at least twenty-one years of age and not older than the mandatory retirement age, if any, determined from time to time by the Trustees or a committee of the Trustees, in each case at the time the individual is nominated or seated. 

Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS . An annual meeting of the Board shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of shareholders, if any, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held from time to time at such places and times as provided by the Board by resolution, without notice other than such resolution. 

Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS . Special meetings of the Board may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the President or by a majority of the Trustees then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board called by them. The Board may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board, without notice other than such resolution. 

Section 5. NOTICE . Meetings of the Trustees may be held without call or notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Board of Trustees need be stated in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting, and no notice need be given of action proposed to be taken by unanimous written consent. 

Section 6. QUORUM . The Board shall consist of at least three Trustees. A quorum for all meetings of the Trustees shall be at least fifty percent (50 of the Trustees. Unless provided otherwise in the Declaration of Trust or these Bylaws and except as required under the 1940 Act, any action of the Trustees may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of 

10 of 19 
 
 the Trustees present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent of a majority of the Trustees. Any committee of the Trustees, including an executive committee, if any, may act with or without a meeting. A quorum for all meetings of any such committee shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the members thereof. Unless provided otherwise in these Bylaws, any action of any such committee may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent as provided in Section 10. With respect to actions of the Trustees and any committee of the Trustees, Trustees who are Interested Persons in any action to be taken may be counted for quorum purposes under this Section and shall be entitled to vote to the extent not prohibited by the 1940 Act. The Trustees present at a meeting which has been duly called and convened may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Trustees to leave less than a quorum. 

Section 7. VOTING . The action of the majority of the Trustees present at a meeting at which a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, is present shall be the action of the Board, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable statute or the Declaration of Trust. If enough Trustees have withdrawn from a meeting to leave less than a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of the Trustees still present at such meeting shall be the action of the Board, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable statute or the Declaration of Trust. 

Section 8. ORGANIZATION . At each meeting of the Board, the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence of the Chairman, the President shall act as chairperson of the meeting. In the absence of both the Chairman and the President, a Trustee chosen by a majority of the Trustees present shall act as chairperson of the meeting. The Secretary or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary of the Company, or in the absence of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, a person appointed by the Chairman, shall act as Secretary of the meeting. 

Section 9. REMOTE MEETINGS . Trustees may participate in a meeting, and any committee member of any committee established by the Board pursuant to Article IV, by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment, including video technology, if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time; provided however, this Section 9 does not apply to any action of the Trustees pursuant to the 1940 Act, that requires the vote of the Trustees to be cast in person at a meeting. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 10. WRITTEN CONSENT BY TRUSTEES . Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting if that number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees; provided however, this Section 10 does not 

11 of 19 
 
 apply to any action of the Trustees pursuant to the 1940 Act that requires the vote of the Trustees to be cast in person at a meeting. 

Section 11. VACANCIES . If for any reason any or all the Trustees cease to be Trustees, such event shall not terminate the Company or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining Trustees hereunder, if any. Subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, (a) any vacancy on the Board may be filled only by a majority of the remaining Trustees, even if the remaining Trustees do not constitute a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, and (b) any Trustee elected to fill a vacancy shall serve until a successor is elected and qualified. 

Section 12. COMPENSATION . The Trustees shall have power to pay reasonable compensation from the funds of the Trust to themselves as Trustees. The Trustees shall fix the compensation of all officers, employees and Trustees. The Trustees may pay themselves such compensation for special services, including legal, underwriting, syndicating and brokerage services, as they in good faith may deem reasonable and reimbursement for expenses reasonably incurred by themselves on behalf of the Trust. 

Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Trustees from serving the Company in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 13. LOSS OF DEPOSITS . No Trustee shall be liable for any loss which may occur by reason of the failure of the bank, trust company, savings and loan association, or other institution with whom moneys or stock have been deposited. 

Section 14. SURETY BONDS . Unless required by law, no Trustee shall be obligated to give any bond or surety or other security for the performance of any of his or her duties. 

Section 15. RELIANCE . Each Trustee, officer, employee and agent of the Company shall, in the performance of his duties with respect to the Company, be fully justified and protected with regard to any act or failure to act in reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Company, upon an opinion of counsel or upon reports made to the Company by any of its officers or employees or by the advisers, accountants, appraisers or other experts or consultants selected by the Trustees or officers of the Company, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee. Each Trustee, officer, employee and agent of the Company shall also otherwise be entitled to the benefit of Section 3806(k) of the DSTA. 

Section 16. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS . The Trustees shall have no responsibility to devote their full time to the affairs of the Company. Any Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Company, in his personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to or in addition to those of or relating to the Company, subject to the adoption of any policies relating to such interests and activities adopted by the Trustees and applicable law. 

12 of 19 
 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 COMMITTEES 
 Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . The Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, appoint from among its members an Audit Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board, and other committees the Board shall determine from time to time to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, each of which shall be composed of one or more Trustees, who will serve at the pleasure of the Board. Each such committee shall be composed entirely of Trustees who are not Interested Persons of the Company. 

Section 2. POWERS . The Board may delegate to committees appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board, except as prohibited by law. 

Section 3. MEETINGS . Each committee, if deemed advisable by the Board, shall have a written charter. Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board. A majority of the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board may designate a chairperson of any committee, and such chairperson or, in the absence of a chairperson, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two (2) members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another Trustee to act in the place of such absent member. Each committee may fix rules of procedures for its business. Each committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings. 

Section 4. VACANCIES . Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill all vacancies, to designate alternate members to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. Subject to the power of the Board, the members of the committee shall have the power to fill any vacancies on the committee. 

ARTICLE V. 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS . The officers of the Company shall include a President, a Secretary, a Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and to the extent that Rule 38a-1 under the 1940 Act applies, a Chief Compliance Officer, and may include one or more Vice Presidents, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Investment Officer, a Chief Legal Officer, one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers. In addition, the Board may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable. The officers of the Company shall be elected annually by the Board and initially at the organizational meeting of the Company, except that the President may from time to time appoint one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall hold office 

13 of 19 
 
 until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until death, resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two (2) or more offices except President and Vice President may be held by the same person although any person holding more than one office in the company may not act in more than one capacity to execute, acknowledge or verify an instrument required by law to be executed, acknowledged or verified by more than one officer. In their discretion, the Trustees may leave unfilled any office except that of the President, the Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, the Secretary and the Chief Compliance Officer. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Company and such officer or agent. 

Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION . Any officer or agent of the Company may be removed, with or without cause, by a majority of the whole Board if in its judgment the best interests of the Company would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Company may resign at any time by giving written notice of his or her resignation to the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the President or the Secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or, if the time when it shall become effective is specified therein, at such later time specified in the notice of resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Company. In addition, the termination or resignation of the Chief Compliance Officer shall be effected in accordance with Rule 38a-1(4) under the 1940 Act. 

Section 3. VACANCIES . A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board for the balance of the term. 

Section 4. PRESIDENT . The Board may designate a President. The President shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Company, as determined by the Board, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Company. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Trustees or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Company or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed, and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board from time to time. 

Section 5. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER . The Board may designate a Chief Operating Officer. The Chief Operating Officer, under the direction of the President, shall have the responsibilities and perform the duties incident to the office of Chief Operating Officer, including general management authority and responsibility for the day-to-day implementation of the policies of the Company and such other responsibilities and duties prescribed by the Board or the President from time to time. 

Section 6. CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER . The Board may designate a Chief Investment Officer. The Chief Investment Officer shall have the responsibilities and duties incident to the office of Chief Investment Officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board, the President. 

14 of 19 
 
 Section 7. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER . The Board may designate a Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. The Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer shall have the responsibilities and duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and such other duties as may be prescribed as set forth by the Board, the President. 

Section 8. CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER . The Board shall designate a Chief Compliance Officer to the extent required by, and consistent with the requirements of, the 1940 Act. The Chief Compliance Officer, subject to the direction of, and reporting to, the Board, shall be responsible for the oversight of the Company s compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and other applicable regulatory requirements. The designation, compensation and removal of the Chief Compliance Officer must be approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees of the Company. The Chief Compliance Officer shall perform such executive, supervisory and management functions and duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board, the President. 

Section 9. VICE PRESIDENTS . In the absence of the President, the Chief Operating Officer, or in the event of a vacancy in all such offices, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the President and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President; and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such Vice President by the Chief Operating Officer, the President or by the Board. The Board may designate one or more Vice Presidents as executive Vice President, senior Vice President or as Vice President for particular areas of responsibility. 

Section 10. SECRETARY . The Secretary shall: (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the shareholders, the Board and committees of the Board in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Company; (d) keep a register of the post office address of each shareholder which shall be furnished to the Secretary by such shareholder; (e) have general charge of the shares transfer books of the Company; and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the President or by the Board. 

Section 11. TREASURER . In the absence of a designation of a Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer by the Board, the Treasurer shall be the Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company. In the absence of a designation of a Treasurer by the Board, then the Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer shall be responsible for the duties of the Treasurer specified in this Section 12. The Treasurer shall be responsible for: (a) the custody of the funds and securities of the Company; (b) the keeping of full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Company; and (c) the depositing of all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Company in such depositories as may be designated by the Board. 

15 of 19 
 
 The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and Board, at the regular meetings of the Board or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Company. The Treasurer shall, if required by the Board, give bonds for the faithful performance of his duties in such sums and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board. 
 Section 12. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS . The Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the Secretary or Treasurer, respectively, or by the President or the Board. The Assistant Treasurers shall, if required by the Board, give bonds for the faithful performance of their duties in such sums and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board. 

ARTICLE VI. 
 CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 Section 1. CONTRACTS . The Board may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Company and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Company when authorized or ratified by action of the Board and executed by an authorized person. 

Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Company shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Company in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 

Section 3. DEPOSITS . All funds of the Company not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Company in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may designate. 

Section 4. NO EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SELL . The Company shall not grant any exclusive right to sell, or exclusive employment to sell, any assets of the Company. 

Section 5. COMMINGLING OF ASSETS . The funds of the Company shall not be commingled with the funds of any other person and the Company funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies and creditors of affiliated companies. 

ARTICLE VII. 
 SHARES 
 Section 1. CERTIFICATES . The Company will not issue share certificates. A shareholder s investment in the company will be recorded on the books of the Company. A 

16 of 19 
 
 shareholder wishing to transfer his or her Shares will be required to send a completed and executed form to the Company, such form to be provided upon a shareholder s request. 

Section 2. TRANSFERS . All transfers of shares shall be made on the books of the Company, by the holder of the shares, in person or by his or her attorney, in such manner as the Board of Trustees or any officer of the Company may prescribe. 

The Company shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any shares as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of shares will be subject in all respects to the Declaration of Trust of the Company and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
 Section 3. NOTICE OF ISSUANCE OR TRANSFER . Upon issuance or transfer of shares in the Company, the Company shall send the shareholder a written statement that reflects such investment or transfer containing such information, at a minimum, as required by law. The Company, alternatively, may furnish notice that a full statement of the information contained in the foregoing sentence will be provided to any shareholder upon request and without charge. 

Section 4. CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS OR FIXING OF RECORD DATE . The Board may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than ninety (90) days and, in the case of a meeting of shareholders, not less than ten (10) days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of shareholders of record is to be held or taken. 

In the context of fixing a record date, the Board may provide that the shares transfer books shall be closed for a stated period but not longer than twenty (20) days. If the shares transfer books are closed for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, such books shall be closed for at least ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. 
 If no record date is fixed and the shares transfer books are not closed for the determination of shareholders, (a) the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day on which the notice of meeting is mailed or the thirtieth (30th) day before the meeting, whichever is the closer date to the meeting; and (b) the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend or an allotment of any other rights shall be the close of business on the day on which the resolution of the Trustees, declaring the dividend or allotment of rights, is adopted. 
 17 of 19 
 
 When a determination of shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof, except when (i) the determination has been made through the closing of the transfer books and the stated period of closing has expired or (ii) the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the record date fixed for the original meeting, in either of which case a new record date shall be determined as set forth herein. 
 Section 5. SHARES LEDGER . The Company shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate share ledger containing the name and address of each shareholder and the number of shares of each class held by such shareholder. 

Section 6. FRACTIONAL SHARES; ISSUANCE OF SHARES . The Board may issue fractional shares or provide for the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as they may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Declaration of Trust or these Bylaws, the Board may issue units consisting of different securities of the Company. Any security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Company, except that the Board may provide that for a specified period securities of the Company issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Company only in such unit. 

ARTICLE VIII. 
 ACCOUNTING YEAR 
 The fiscal year of the Company shall end on December 31 of each fiscal year and may thereafter be changed by duly adopted resolution of the Board from time to time. 
 ARTICLE IX. 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 Section 1. AUTHORIZATION . Dividends and other distributions upon the shares of the Company may be authorized by the Board, subject to the provisions of law and the Declaration of Trust of the Company. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or shares of the Company, subject to the provisions of law and the Declaration of Trust. 

Section 2. CONTINGENCIES . Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Company available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends or other distributions, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Company or for such other purpose as the Board shall determine to be in the best interest of the Company, and the Board may modify or abolish any such reserve. 

18 of 19 
 
 ARTICLE X. 
 SEAL 
 Section 1. SEAL . The Board may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Company. The Board may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 

Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL . Whenever the Company is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Company. 

ARTICLE XI. 
 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 Whenever any notice is required to be given pursuant to the Declaration of Trust of the Company or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 ARTICLE XII. 
 1940 ACT 
 If and to the extent that any provision of the DSTA, or any provision of the Declaration of Trust or these Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, then the applicable provision of the 1940 Act shall control; provided, however, that such conflict shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of these Bylaws or the Declaration of Trust or render invalid or improper any action take or omitted prior to such determination. 
 ARTICLE XIII. 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 The Board shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws not inconsistent with the Declaration of Trust. To the extent any provisions of the Bylaws conflict with the Declaration of Trust, the Declaration of Trust shall control. 
 Adopted: February 1, 2023 
 19 of 19 

</EX-3>

<EX-4>
 5
 ck0001920453-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund Subscription Agreement FI 

1 | Your Investment 

Investment Amount 

Share Class (Must select one) 

Class S 
 
 Class D 
 
 Class I 

2,500 minimum initial investment 
 2,500 minimum initial investment 
 25,000 minimum initial investment for qualifying investors (otherwise 1,000,000 minimum initial investment). 1 

2 | Form of Ownership 

Individual / Joint Accounts 
 
 Retirement Accounts 
 
 Entity Accounts 

Individual 
 
 IRA 
 
 Trust 

Joint Tenant with Rights of Survivorship 
 
 Roth IRA 
 
 C Corporation 

Tenants in Common 
 
 SEP IRA 
 
 S Corporation 

Community Property 
 
 Rollover IRA 
 
 Partnership 

Uniform Gift / Transfer to Minors 
 
 Inherited IRA 
 
 Limited Liability Corporation 

State: 

Other: 

Brokerage Account Number: 
 
 Custodian Account Number: 
 
 Brokerage Account Number: 

The Fund maintains two subscription agreements: One for certain institutional investors or investors subscribing through participating intermediaries with whom the Managing Dealer has entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement and one for investors subscribing through the Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC platform. Please consult your financial intermediary for information on the subscription agreement applicable to you. 
 
 1 The Fund waives or reduces to 25,000 or less Class I investment minimums for purchases: (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, sponsored by participating brokers or other intermediaries that provide access to Class I shares, (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, (3) through transaction/brokerage platforms at participating brokers, (4) by our executive officers and Trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of the Adviser or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and, if approved by our Board, joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers, and (5) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to the prospectus. The foregoing categories of investors who are granted waivers or reductions by the Fund from the Class I investment minimums include investors described in the foregoing who make purchases for eligible retirement plans and IRAs. Waivers and reductions are subject to the terms and conditions of agreements that the Managing Dealer enters into with participating intermediaries, as applicable and the prospectus. 

3 | Custodian Information 

If applicable, please provide the following information: 2 
 Custodian Name: 	 	 
 Custodian Tax ID: 	 
 Custodian s W9 Form 
 Please print, sign, and scan this page if applicable. 
 See Appendix A for supplemental documents requirements by investor type. 

X 

Custodian Signature / Stamp 

2 This section is applicable to investors that are investing through a third-party intermediary. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 2 

4 | Investor Information 

The information provided in this section must be compliant with IRS Form W-9 and related instructions (see www.irs.gov for instructions). Legal addresses must include a residential street address (P.O. boxes will not be accepted). 
 1. Primary Account Holder / Minor (if Uniform Gift / Transfer to Minors Account) / Trustee / Authorized Signatory (Natural Persons) 

Name (first, middle, last) 
 Social Security Number Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State Zip 
 Mailing Street Address City State 	 Zip 
 Email Address Phone Number 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 U.S. Citizen 	 Resident Alien	 Non-Resident Alien 
 Country of Citizenship if non-U.S. Citizen (A completed applicable Form W-8 is required for subscription) 
 Please specify if you are a Fidelity employee/officer/director/trustee/affiliate (required) : 
 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee 3 Fidelity Employee 4 	 Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee 5 Immediate Family Member of Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee 	 Not Applicable 
 
 3 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee includes any independent director/trustee, interested director/trustee, president, vice president, secretary, or treasurer of Fidelity, or any other officer of Fidelity customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated directors/trustees and officers. 
 4 Fidelity Employee includes any employee of Fidelity. 
 5 Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee includes any independent director/trustee, interested director/trustee, president, vice president, secretary, or treasurer of a Fidelity registered investment company, business development company, or privately offered investment vehicle, or any other officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated directors/trustees and officers. 

2. Joint Account Holder / Custodian (if Uniform Gift / Transfer to Minors Account) / Co-Trustee / Authorized Signatory (Natural Persons) 

Name (first, middle, last) 
 Social Security Number Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State Zip 
 Mailing Street Address City State 	 Zip 
 Email Address Phone Number 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 U.S. Citizen 	 Resident Alien	 Non-Resident Alien 
 Country of Citizenship if non-U.S. Citizen (A completed applicable Form W-8 is required for subscription) 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 3 

Please specify if you are a Fidelity employee/officer/director/trustee/affiliate (required) : 
 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee Fidelity Employee	 Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee Immediate Family Member of Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee 	 Not Applicable 
 
 3. Joint Account Holder / Co-Trustee / Authorized Signatory (Natural Persons) 

Name (first, middle, last) 
 Social Security Number Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State Zip 
 Mailing Street Address City State 	 Zip 
 Email Address Phone Number 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 U.S. Citizen 	 Resident Alien	 Non-Resident Alien 
 Country of Citizenship if non-U.S. Citizen (A completed applicable Form W-8 is required for subscription) 
 Please specify if you are a Fidelity employee/officer/director/trustee/affiliate (required) : 
 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee Fidelity Employee	 Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee Immediate Family Member of Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee 	 Not Applicable 
 
 4. Additional Information (Entities Only) 

Entity Name 
 Tax ID Number Date of Formation (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State 	 Zip 
 Country of Domicile (Form W-8 required for non-U.S.) 
 Email Address 
 Exemptions per Form W-9 see Form W-9 instructions at www.irs.gov 	 
 Exemptions for FATCA Reporting Code (if any) 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 Pension Plan	 Profit Sharing Plan	 Not-for-Profit Organization		 
 Fidelity Affiliate Fidelity Fund Non-Fidelity Fund 
 
 Additional Information For Non-Fidelity Funds Only 
 a. Are you an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (1940 Act) or have you elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act? 

Yes No 
 (1) If yes, will your subscription (together with any existing shares) cause you to exceed the investment limits set forth in Section 12(d)(1)(A) or Section 12(d)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act? 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 4 

Yes No 
 (2) If yes to Question 4(a)(1), will your subscription be in reliance on Section 12(d)(1)(F) of the 1940 Act? 

Yes No 
 	If no to Question 4(a)(2), please contact FoFCoE@fmr.com to obtain an Investment Agreement to invest pursuant to Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act. 
 Please provide your adviser and sub-adviser (if applicable): 
 Adviser :_________________________________________________________________ 
 Sub-Adviser (if applicable): __________________________________________________ 
 b. Are you a private fund that is not registered under the Investment Company Act in reliance on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof? 

Yes No 
 	If yes, will your subscription (together with any existing shares) cause you to exceed the investment limits set forth in Section 12(d)(1)(A)(i) of the 1940 Act? 
 Yes No 

5 | 
 Transfer on Death Beneficiary Information (Optional for Individual / Joint Accounts) 

Please designate the beneficiary information for your account. If completed, all information is required. Secondary beneficiary information may only include whole percentages and must total 100 . (Not available for Louisiana residents). 

Primary 

First Name 
 
 MI 
 
 Last Name 
 
 SSN 
 
 Date of Birth 

Secondary 

Primary 

First Name 
 
 MI 
 
 Last Name 
 
 SSN 
 
 Date of Birth 

Secondary 

Primary 

First Name 
 
 MI 
 
 Last Name 
 
 SSN 
 
 Date of Birth 

Secondary 

6 | ERISA Plan Assets Regulation 

Are you a benefit plan investor 6 within the meaning of the Plan Assets Regulation 7 or will you use the assets of a benefit plan investor to invest in Fidelity Private Credit Fund? 

Yes 

No 

6 The term benefit plan investor includes, for example: (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 	Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), that is subject to Title I of ERISA (such as employee welfare benefit plans (generally, plans that provide for 	health, medical or other welfare benefits) and employee pension benefit plans (generally, plans that provide for retirement or pension income)); (ii) plans 	described in section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), that is subject to section 4975 of the Code (including, 	for example, an individual retirement account , an individual retirement annuity , a Keogh plan, a pension plan, an Archer MSA described in section 	220(d) of the Code, a Coverdell education savings account described in section 530 of the Code and a health savings account described in section 223(d) of 	the Code) and (iii) an entity that is, or whose assets would be deemed to constitute the assets of, one or more employee benefit plans or plans (such as for 	example, a master trust or a plan assets fund) under ERISA or the Plan Assets Regulation. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 5 

7 Plan Assets Regulation means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 	29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 6 

7 | Distribution Instructions 

You are automatically enrolled in our Distribution Reinvestment Plan, unless you are a resident of ALABAMA, ARKANSAS, IDAHO, KANSAS, KENTUCKY, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, NEBRASKA, NEW JERSEY, NORTH CAROLINA, OHIO, OREGON, VERMONT, or WASHINGTON. 
 If you are a resident of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont or Washington, you have the option to enroll in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 
 I want to opt out of the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Note: if you elect to opt out of the DRIP plan, your distributions will go back into the account you selected in which to hold this investment . 

 I want to enroll in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Note: if you do not elect to enroll in the DRIP plan, your distributions will go back into the account you selected in which to hold this investment . 

 If you are NOT a resident of the states listed above, you are automatically enrolled in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 

8 | Investment Funding Method 

By Wire: Please wire funds according to the instructions below 

9 | Electronic Delivery Consent 

Instead of receiving paper copies of the prospectus, prospectus supplements, annual reports, proxy statements, and other shareholder communications and reports, you may elect to receive electronic delivery of shareholder communications from Fidelity Private Credit Fund. If you would like to consent to electronic delivery, including pursuant to email, please check the box below. 
 By consenting below to electronically receive shareholder communications, including your account-specific information, you authorize said offering(s) to either (i) email shareholder communications to you directly or (ii) make them available on our website and notify you by email when and where such documents are available. You will not receive paper copies of these electronic materials unless specifically requested, the delivery of electronic materials is prohibited or we, in our sole discretion, elect to send paper copies of the materials. 
 By consenting to electronic access, you will be responsible for certain costs, such as your customary internet service provider charges, and may be required to download software in connection with access to these materials. You understand this electronic delivery program may be changed or discontinued and that the terms of this agreement may be amended at any time. You understand that there are possible risks associated with electronic delivery such as emails not transmitting, links failing to function properly and system failure of online service providers, and that there is no warranty or guarantee given concerning the transmissions of email, the availability of the website, or information on it, other than as required by law. 

In order to consent to e-delivery, each account holder must initial the representation below: 

Primary Investor 
 Co-Investor 
 Co- Investor 

I (we) consent to e-delivery. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 7 

10 | Subscriber Representations and Signatures 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund is required by law to obtain, verify and record certain personal information from you or persons on your behalf in order to establish the account. Required information includes name, date of birth, permanent residential address and social security/taxpayer identification number. We may also ask to see other identifying documents. If you do not provide the information, Fidelity Private Credit Fund may not be able to open your account. By signing the Subscription Agreement, you agree to provide this information and confirm that this information is true and correct. If we are unable to verify your identity, or that of another person(s) authorized to act on your behalf, or if we believe we have identified potentially criminal activity, we reserve the right to take action as we deem appropriate which may include closing your account. 
 Please separately initial each of the representations below. Except in the case of fiduciary accounts, you may not grant any person a power of attorney to make the representations on your behalf. 
 In order to induce Fidelity Private Credit Fund to accept this subscription, I (we) hereby represent and warrant as follows (Each account holder must initial representations 1 9, to the extent applicable): 

Primary Investor 
 Co-Investor 
 Co-Investor 

1. I (we) understand that the subscription request submitted will not be accepted fewer than 5 days after I/we have received the prospectus (as amended or supplemented) for the Fidelity Private Credit Fund. 

2. I (we) have (A) a minimum net worth (not including home, home furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least 250,000, or (B) a minimum net worth (as previously described) of at least 70,000 and a minimum annual gross income of at least 70,000. If I am an entity that was formed for the purpose of purchasing shares, each individual that owns an interest in the entity meets this requirement. 8 

3. In addition to the general suitability requirements described above, I/we meet the higher suitability requirements, if any, imposed by my state of primary residence as set forth in the prospectus under SUITABILITY STANDARDS. If I am an entity that was formed for the purpose of purchasing shares, each individual that owns an interest in the entity meets this requirement. 

4. I acknowledge that there is no public market for the shares, shares of this offering are not liquid and appropriate only as a long-term investment. 

5. I am purchasing the shares for my own account, or if I am purchasing shares on behalf of a trust or other entity of which I am a trustee or authorized agent, I have due authority to execute this subscription agreement and do hereby legally bind the trust or other entity of which I am trustee or authorized agent. 

6. I have received notice that Fidelity Private Credit Fund may enter into transactions with Fidelity affiliates that involve conflicts of interest as described in the prospectus. 

7. I acknowledge that subscriptions must be submitted at least five business days prior to first day of each month and my investment will be executed as of the first day of the applicable month at the NAV per share as of the day preceding day. I acknowledge that I will not know the NAV per share at which my investment will be executed at the time I subscribe and the NAV per share as of the 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 8 

last day of each month will generally be made available on our website within 20 business days of the last day of each month. 

8. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the minimum standards set forth in the prospectus under SUITABILITY STANDARDS shall be met by the beneficiary, the fiduciary, account, or, by the donor or grantor, who directly or indirectly supplies the funds to purchase the shares if the donor or grantor is the fiduciary. 

8. I acknowledge that my subscription request will not be accepted any earlier than five business days before the first calendar day of each month. I acknowledge that I am not committed to purchase shares at the time my subscription order is submitted, and I may cancel my subscription at any time before the time it has been accepted as described in the previous sentence. I understand that I may withdraw my purchase request by notifying the transfer agent or my financial intermediary. 

9. I acknowledge that the Subscriber: (i)(A) is not an investment company under the 1940 Act; (B) has not elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act; and (C) is not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) thereunder; or (ii) is permitted to acquire the shares consistent with the applicable provisions of Section 12 of the 1940 Act or the rules thereunder, including pursuant to Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act. 

10. If you live in any of the following states, please read the following carefully and check the appropriate box: Alabama, California, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Tennessee, and Vermont. 

If I am an Alabama resident, I have a liquid net worth of at least 10 times my investment in Fidelity 

Private Credit Fund and its affiliates. 
 Yes No 

If I am a California resident, I may not invest more than 10 of my liquid net worth in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and have either (a) a liquid net worth of 350,000 and annual gross income of 

65,000 or (b) a liquid net worth of 500,000. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Idaho resident, I have either (a) a liquid net worth of 85,000 and annual gross income of 85,000 or (b) a liquid net worth of 300,000. Additionally, my total investment in Fidelity Private 

Credit Fund shall not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Iowa resident, I (i) have either (a) an annual gross income of at least 100,000 and a net worth of at least 100,000, or (b) a net worth of at least 350,000 (net worth should be determined exclusive of home, auto and home furnishings); and (ii) limit my aggregate investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and in the securities of other non-traded business development companies BDCs to 10 of my liquid net worth (liquid net worth should be determined as that portion of net 

worth that consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities). 
 Yes No 

If I am a Kansas resident, I understand that it is recommended by the Office of the Kansas Securities Commissioner that Kansas investors limit their aggregate investment in our securities and other similar investments to not more than 10 of their liquid net worth. Liquid net worth shall be defined as that portion of the purchaser s total net worth that is comprised of cash, cash equivalents, and 

readily marketable securities, as determined in conformity with GAAP. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Kentucky resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund or its affiliates may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth that is 

comprised of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Maine resident, I acknowledge that it is recommended by the Maine Office of Securities that my aggregate investment in this offering and similar direct participation investments not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. For this purpose, liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net 

worth that consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Massachusetts resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, non-traded real estate investment trusts, and in other illiquid direct participation programs, may not exceed 10 of 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 9 

my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am (we are) a Missouri resident, no more than ten percent (10 of my (our) liquid net worth 

shall be invested in securities being registered in this offering. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Nebraska resident, my aggregate investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and the securities of other business development companies may not exceed 10 of my net worth. Investors who are accredited investors as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

(the Securities Act ), are not subject to the foregoing investment concentration limit. 
 Yes No 

If am a New Jersey resident, I have either (a) a minimum liquid net worth of at least 100,000 and a minimum annual gross income of not less than 85,000, or (b) a minimum liquid net worth of 350,000. For these purposes, liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth (total assets exclusive of home, home furnishings and automobiles, minus total liabilities) that consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. In addition, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates and other non-publicly-traded direct investment programs (including real estate investment trusts, business development companies, oil and gas programs, equipment leasing programs and commodity pools, but excluding unregistered, federally and state exempt private 

offerings) may not exceed ten percent (10 of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am a New Mexico resident, I may not invest more than 10 of my liquid net worth in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates and in other non-traded business development companies. Liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth which consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily 

marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a North Dakota resident, I have a net worth of at least ten times my investment in Fidelity 

Private Credit Fund. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Ohio resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates, and in any other non-traded BDC, may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth (total assets exclusive of primary residence, home furnishings and automobiles, 

minus total liabilities) comprised of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Oklahoma resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund may not exceed 10 of 

my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Oregon resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and its affiliates may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Liquid net worth is defined as net worth excluding the value of 

the investor s home, home furnishings and automobile. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Pennsylvania resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund may not exceed 10 

of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am Puerto Rico resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates, and other non-traded business development companies, may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. For these purposes, liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth (total assets exclusive of primary residence, home furnishings and automobiles minus total liabilities) consisting of cash, cash 

equivalents and readily marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Tennessee resident, I have a liquid net worth of at least ten times my investment in Fidelity 

Private Credit Fund. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Vermont resident and am not an accredited investor as defined in 17 C.F.R. 230.501, my investment in this offering may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. For these purposes, liquid net worth is defined as an investor s total assets (not including home, home furnishings or 

automobiles) minus total liabilities. 
 Yes No 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 10 

I declare that the information supplied in this Subscription Agreement is true and correct and may be relied upon by Fidelity Private Credit Fund. I acknowledge that the Broker / Financial Advisor indicated in Section 11 of this Subscription Agreement and its designated clearing agent, if any, will have full access to my account information, including the number of shares I own, tax information (including the Form 1099) and redemption information. Investors may change the Broker / Financial Advisor of record at any time by contacting Fidelity Private Credit Fund Investor Relations at the number indicated below at any time by contacting the transfer agent at alternatives@fmr.com. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 11 

Each Account Holder / Trustee / Authorized Signatory must sign below. Please print, sign, and scan this page if applicable . (Custodians must sign in Section 3 on a custodial account) 

X 
 
 X 

Owner or Authorized Person Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

X 
 
 X 

Co-Investor or Authorized Person Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

X 
 
 X 

Co-Investor or Authorized Person Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

11 | Broker / Financial Advisor Information and Signature 

The Financial Advisor must sign below to complete the order. The Financial Advisor hereby warrants that he/she is duly licensed and may lawfully sell shares in the state designated as the investor s legal residence. 

Broker 
 
 Financial Advisor Name 

Advisor Mailing Address 

City 
 
 State 
 
 Zip Code 

Financial Advisor Number 
 
 Branch Number 
 
 Telephone Number 

Central Registration Depository (CRD) number 

Operations Contact Name 
 
 Operations Contact Email Address 

In all cases where sales of securities are made through an intermediary, Section 11 must be completed. 
 The undersigned confirm(s), which confirmation is made on behalf of the Broker with respect to sales of securities made through a Broker, that they (i) have reasonable grounds to believe that the information and representations concerning the investor identified herein are true, correct and complete in all respects; (ii) have discussed such investor s prospective purchase of shares with such investor; (iii) have advised such investor of all pertinent facts with regard to the lack of liquidity and marketability of the shares; (iv) have delivered or made available a current prospectus and related supplements, if any, to such investor; (v) have reasonable grounds to believe that the investor is purchasing these shares for his or her own account; (vi) have reasonable grounds to believe that the purchase of shares is a suitable investment for such investor, that such investor meets the suitability standards applicable to such investor set forth in the prospectus and related supplements, if any, and that such investor is in a financial position to enable such investor to realize the benefits 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 12 

of such an investment and to suffer any loss that may occur with respect thereto; and (vii) have advised such investor that the shares have not been registered and are not expected to be registered under the laws of any country or jurisdiction outside of the United States except as otherwise described in the prospectus. The undersigned Broker, Financial Advisor or Financial Representative listed in Section 11 further represents and certifies that, in connection with this subscription for shares, he/she has complied with and has followed all applicable policies and procedures of his or her firm relating to, and performed functions required by, federal and state securities laws, rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, but not limited to Rule 151-1 Regulation Best Interest and FINRA rules and regulations including, but not limited to Know Your Customer, Suitability and PATRIOT Act (Anti Money Laundering, Customer Identification) as required by its relationship with the investor(s) identified on this document. 
 THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND ALL RIGHTS HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. 
 Please print, sign, and scan this page if applicable. 

X 

Financial Advisor / Representative Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

12 |Other Important Information 

If investors participating in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan or making subsequent purchases of shares of Fidelity Private Credit Fund experience a material adverse change in their financial condition or can no longer make the representations or warranties set forth in Section 10 above, they are asked to promptly notify Fidelity Private Credit Fund and the Broker in writing. The Broker may notify Fidelity Private Credit Fund if an investor participating in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan can no longer make the representations or warranties set forth in Section 10 above, and Fidelity Private Credit Fund may rely on such notification to terminate such investor s participation in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 
 No sale of shares may be completed until at least five business days after you receive the final prospectus. Subscribers are encouraged to read the prospectus in its entirety for a complete explanation of an investment in the shares of Fidelity Private Credit Fund. 
 To be accepted, a subscription request must be made with a completed and executed Subscription Agreement in good order and payment of the full purchase price at least five business days prior to the first calendar day of the month (unless waived). All items on the Subscription Agreement, other than those marked optional, must be completed in order for your Subscription Agreement to be processed. You will receive a written confirmation of your purchase. 
 Upon receipt of any and all funds received from prospective purchasers of shares, dealers, investors, or broker-dealers on their behalf, must transmit the same together with a copy of this executed Subscription Agreement or copy of the signature page of such agreement, stating among other things, the name of the purchaser, current address, and the amount of the investment to alternatives@fmr.com (a) by the end of the next business day following receipt where internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which subscription documents and funds are received, or (b) by the end of the second business day following receipt where internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location than which subscription documents and funds are received. 
 Return the completed Subscription Agreement to: alternatives@fmr.com 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 13 

Appendix A | Supporting Document Requirements 

Please provide the following supporting documentation based on your account type. 

Individual 
 
 If a non-U.S. person, Form W-8BEN 

Joint (including JTWROS, Tenants in Common, Community Property) 
 
 For each non-U.S. Person account holder, Form W- 8BEN 

IRA (including ROTH, SEP, Rollover, Inherited) 
 
 None 

Trust 
 
 Certificate of Trust or Declaration of Trust Appropriate W-8 series form (see https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8 

Corporation (including C Corp., S Corp., LLC) 
 
 Formation documents Articles of incorporations Authorized signatory list Appropriate W-8 series form (see https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8) 

Partnership 
 
 Formation documents Authorized signatory list Appropriate W-8 series form (see https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 14 

Appendix B | Privacy Notice 

PRIVACY NOTICE 
 Rev. 06/2022 

FACTS 
 What do Fidelity Investments and the Fidelity Funds do with your personal information? 

WHY? 
 Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. 

WHAT? 
 The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include: Social Security number and employment information assets and income account balances and transaction history When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. 

HOW? 
 All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers personal information, the reasons Fidelity Investments and the Fidelity Funds (hereinafter referred to as Fidelity choose to share, and whether you can limit this sharing. 

REASONS WE CAN SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 DOES FIDELITY SHARE? 
 CAN YOU LIMIT THIS SHARING? 

For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus 
 Yes 
 No 

For our marketing purposes to offer our products and services to you 
 Yes 
 No 

For joint marketing with other financial companies 
 No 
 We don t share 

For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your transactions and experiences 
 Yes 
 No 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 15 

For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness 
 No 
 We don t share 

For nonaffiliates to market to you 
 No 
 We don t share 

QUESTIONS? 
 Call 800.343.3548. If we serve you through an investment professional, please contact them directly. Specific Internet addresses, mailing addresses, and telephone numbers are listed on your statements and other correspondence. 

WHO WE ARE 

Who is providing this notice? 
 Companies owned by Fidelity Investments and using the Fidelity name to provide financial services to customers, and the Fidelity Funds. A list of companies is located at the end of this notice. 

WHAT WE DO 

How does Fidelity protect my personal information? 
 To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. 

How does Fidelity collect my personal information? 
 We collect your personal information, for example, when you open an account or direct us to buy/sell your securities 

 provide account information or give us your contact information 

 tell us about your investment portfolio 

 We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. 

Why can t I limit all sharing? 
 Federal law gives you the right to limit only sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness 

 affiliates from using certain information to market to you 

 sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you 

 State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. 

DEFINITIONS 

Affiliates 
 Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Fidelity Investments affiliates include companies with the Fidelity name (excluding the Fidelity Funds), as listed below, and other financial companies such as National Financial Services LLC, Strategic Advisers LLC, and FIAM LLC. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 16 

Nonaffiliates 
 Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Fidelity does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you. 

Joint marketing 
 A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Fidelity doesn t jointly market. 

OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

If you transact business through Fidelity Investments life insurance companies, we may validate and obtain information about you from an insurance support organization. The insurance support organization may further share your information with other insurers, as permitted by law. We may share medical information about you to learn if you qualify for coverage, to process claims, to prevent fraud, or otherwise at your direction, as permitted by law. You are entitled to receive, upon written request, a record of any disclosures of your medical record information. Please refer to your statements and other correspondence for mailing addresses. If you establish an account in connection with your employer, your employer may request and receive certain information relevant to the administration of employee accounts. If you interact with Fidelity Investments directly as an individual investor (including joint account holders), we may exchange certain information about you with Fidelity Investments financial services affiliates, such as our brokerage and insurance companies, for their use in marketing products and services, as allowable by law. Information collected from investment professionals customers is not shared with Fidelity Investments affiliates for marketing purposes, except with your consent and as allowed by law. The Fidelity Funds have entered into a number of arrangements with Fidelity Investments companies to provide for investment management, distribution, and servicing of the Funds. The Fidelity Funds do not share personal information about you with other entities for any reason, except for everyday business purposes in order to service your account. For additional information, please visit Fidelity.com . 

WHO IS PROVIDING THIS NOTICE? 

Fidelity Investments companies: Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC; Fidelity Distributors Company LLC; Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company LLC; Fidelity Management Trust Company; Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB; Fidelity Personal and Workplace Advisors LLC; Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company; Empire Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc.; National Financial Services LLC; Fidelity Wealth Technologies LLC; Strategic Advisers LLC; Fidelity Institutional Wealth Adviser LLC; FIAM LLC; Fidelity Health Insurance Services, LLC; and the Fidelity Funds, which include funds advised by Strategic Advisers LLC and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 17 

</EX-4>

<EX-4>
 6
 ck0001920453-ex4_2.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.2 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund Subscription Agreement PI 

1 | Your Investment 

Investment Amount 
 Share Class (Must select one) 

Class I 

25,000 minimum initial investment 

2 | Form of Ownership 

Individual / Joint Accounts 
 
 Retirement Accounts 
 
 Entity Accounts 

Individual 
 
 IRA 
 
 Trust 

Joint Tenant with Rights of Survivorship 
 
 Roth IRA 
 
 C Corporation 

Tenants in Common 
 
 SEP IRA 
 
 S Corporation 

Community Property 
 
 Rollover IRA 
 
 Partnership 

Uniform Gift / Transfer to Minors 
 
 Inherited IRA 
 
 Limited Liability Corporation 

State: 

Other: 

Brokerage Account Number: 
 
 Custodian Account Number: 
 
 Brokerage Account Number: 

The Fund maintains two subscription agreements: One for investors subscribing through participating intermediaries with whom the Managing Dealer has entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement and one for investors subscribing through the Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC platform. Please consult your financial intermediary for information on the subscription agreement applicable to you. 

3 | Investor Information 

The information provided in this section must be compliant with IRS Form W-9 and related instructions (see www.irs.gov for instructions). Legal addresses must include a residential street address (P.O. boxes will not be accepted). 
 1. Primary Account Holder / Minor (if Uniform Gift / Transfer to Minors Account) / Trustee / Authorized Signatory (Natural Persons) 

Name (first, middle, last) 
 Social Security Number Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State Zip 
 Mailing Street Address City State Zip 
 Email Address Phone Number 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 U.S. Citizen 	 Resident Alien	 Non-Resident Alien 
 Country of Citizenship if non-U.S. Citizen (A completed applicable Form W-8 is required for subscription) 
 Please specify if you are a Fidelity employee/officer/director/trustee/affiliate (required) : 
 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee 1 Fidelity Employee 2 	 Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee 3 Immediate Family Member of Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee 	 Not Applicable 
 
 1 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee includes any independent director/trustee, interested director/trustee, president, vice president, secretary, or treasurer of Fidelity, or any other officer of Fidelity customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated directors/trustees and officers. 
 2 Fidelity Employee includes any employee of Fidelity. 
 3 Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee includes any independent director/trustee, interested director/trustee, president, vice president, secretary, or treasurer of a Fidelity registered investment company, business development company, or privately offered investment vehicle, or any other officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated directors/trustees and officers. 
 
 2. Joint Account Holder / Custodian (if Uniform Gift / Transfer to Minors Account) / Co-Trustee / Authorized Signatory (Natural Persons) 

Name (first, middle, last) 
 Social Security Number Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State Zip 
 Mailing Street Address City State Zip 
 Email Address Phone Number 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 U.S. Citizen Resident Alien	 Non-Resident Alien 
 Country of Citizenship if non-U.S. Citizen (A completed applicable Form W-8 is required for subscription) 
 Please specify if you are a Fidelity employee/officer/director/trustee/affiliate (required) : 
 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee Fidelity Employee Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee Immediate Family Member of Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee	 Not Applicable 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 2 

3. Joint Account Holder / Co-Trustee / Authorized Signatory (Natural Persons) 

Name (first, middle, last) 
 Social Security Number Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State Zip 
 Mailing Street Address City State Zip 
 Email Address Phone Number 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 U.S. Citizen Resident Alien Non-Resident Alien 
 Country of Citizenship if non-U.S. Citizen A completed applicable Form W-8 is required for subscription 
 
 Please specify if you are a Fidelity employee/officer/director/trustee/affiliate required : 
 Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee Fidelity Employee Fidelity Fund Officer or Director/Trustee Immediate Family Member of Fidelity Officer or Director/Trustee Not Applicable 
 
 4. Additional Information (Entities Only) 

Entity Name 
 Tax ID Number Date of Formation (mm/dd/yyyy) 
 Legal Street Address City State 	 Zip 
 Country of Domicile (Form W-8 required for non-U.S.) 
 Email Address 
 Exemptions per Form W-9 see Form W-9 instructions at www.irs.gov 	 
 Exemptions for FATCA Reporting Code (if any) 	 
 Please indicate if you are a: 
 Pension Plan	 Profit Sharing Plan	 Not-for-Profit Organization		 
 Fidelity Affiliate Fidelity Fund Non-Fidelity Fund 
 Additional Information For Non-Fidelity Funds Only 
 a. Are you an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (1940 Act) or have you elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act? 

Yes No 
 (1) If yes, will your subscription (together with any existing shares) cause you to exceed the investment limits set forth in Section 12(d)(1)(A) or Section 12(d)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act? 

Yes No 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 3 

(2) If yes to Question 4(a)(1), will your subscription be in reliance on Section 12(d)(1)(F) of the 1940 Act? 

Yes No 
 If no to Question 4(a)(2), please contact FoFCoE@fmr.com to obtain an Investment Agreement to invest pursuant to Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act. 
 Please provide your adviser and sub-adviser (if applicable): 
 Adviser :_________________________________________________________________ 
 Sub-Adviser (if applicable): __________________________________________________ 
 b. Are you a private fund that is not registered under the Investment Company Act in reliance on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof? 

Yes No 
 If yes, will your subscription (together with any existing shares) cause you to exceed the investment limits set forth in Section 12(d)(1)(A)(i) of the 1940 Act? 
 Yes No 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 4 

4 | Transfer on Death Beneficiary Information (Optional for Individual / Joint Accounts) 

Please designate the beneficiary information for your account. If completed, all information is required. Secondary beneficiary information may only include whole percentages and must total 100 . (Not available for Louisiana residents). 

Primary 

First Name 
 
 MI 
 
 Last Name 
 
 SSN 
 
 Date of Birth 
 
 Secondary 

Primary 

First Name 
 
 MI 
 
 Last Name 
 
 SSN 
 
 Date of Birth 
 
 Secondary 

Primary 

First Name 
 
 MI 
 
 Last Name 
 
 SSN 
 
 Date of Birth 
 
 Secondary 

5 | ERISA Plan Assets Regulation 

Are you a benefit plan investor 4 within the meaning of the Plan Assets Regulation 5 or will you use the assets of a benefit plan investor to invest in Fidelity Private Credit Fund? 
 
 4 The term benefit plan investor includes, for example: (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), that is subject to Title I of ERISA (such as employee welfare benefit plans (generally, plans that provide for health, medical or other welfare benefits) and employee pension benefit plans (generally, plans that provide for retirement or pension income)); (ii) plans described in section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), that is subject to section 4975 of the Code (including, for example, an individual retirement account , an individual retirement annuity , a Keogh plan, a pension plan, an Archer MSA described in section 220(d) of the Code, a Coverdell education savings account described in section 530 of the Code and a health savings account described in section 223(d) of 	the Code) and (iii) an entity that is, or whose assets would be deemed to constitute the assets of, one or more employee benefit plans or plans (such as for example, a master trust or a plan assets fund) under ERISA or the Plan Assets Regulation. 
 5 Plan Assets Regulation means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 Yes	 No 

6 | Distribution Instructions 

You are automatically enrolled in our Distribution Reinvestment Plan, unless you are a resident of ALABAMA, ARKANSAS, IDAHO, KANSAS, KENTUCKY, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, NEBRASKA, NEW JERSEY, NORTH CAROLINA, OHIO, OREGON, VERMONT, or WASHINGTON. 
 If you are a resident of Alabama , Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont or Washington, you have the option to enroll in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 
 I want to opt out of the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Note: if you elect to opt out of the DRIP plan, your distributions will go back into the account you selected in which to hold this investment . 
 I want to enroll in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Note: if you do not elect to enroll in the DRIP plan, your distributions will go back into the account you selected in which to hold this investment . 
 If you are NOT a resident of the states listed above, you are automatically enrolled in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 5 

7 | Electronic Delivery Consent 

Instead of receiving paper copies of the prospectus, prospectus supplements, annual reports, proxy statements, and other shareholder communications and reports, you may elect to receive electronic delivery of shareholder communications from Fidelity Private Credit Fund. If you would like to consent to electronic delivery, including pursuant to email, please check the box below. 
 By consenting below to electronically receive shareholder communications, including your account-specific information, you authorize said offering(s) to either (i) email shareholder communications to you directly or (ii) make them available on our website and notify you by email when and where such documents are available. You will not receive paper copies of these electronic materials unless specifically requested, the delivery of electronic materials is prohibited or we, in our sole discretion, elect to send paper copies of the materials. 
 By consenting to electronic access, you will be responsible for certain costs, such as your customary internet service provider charges, and may be required to download software in connection with access to these materials. You understand this electronic delivery program may be changed or discontinued and that the terms of this agreement may be amended at any time. You understand that there are possible risks associated with electronic delivery such as emails not transmitting, links failing to function properly and system failure of online service providers, and that there is no warranty or guarantee given concerning the transmissions of email, the availability of the website, or information on it, other than as required by law. 
 
 In order to consent to e-delivery, each account holder must initial the representation below: 

Primary Investor 
 Co-Investor 
 Co-Investor 

I (we) consent to e-delivery. 

8 
 
 Subscriber Representations and Signatures 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund is required by law to obtain, verify and record certain personal information from you or persons on your behalf in order to establish the account. Required information includes name, date of birth, permanent residential address and social security/taxpayer identification number. We may also ask to see other identifying documents. If you do not provide the information, Fidelity Private Credit Fund may not be able to open your account. By signing the Subscription Agreement, you agree to provide this information and confirm that this information is true and correct. If we are unable to verify your identity, or that of another person(s) authorized to act on your behalf, or if we believe we have identified potentially criminal activity, we reserve the right to take action as we deem appropriate which may include closing your account. 
 Please separately initial each of the representations below. Except in the case of fiduciary accounts, you may not grant any person a power of attorney to make the representations on your behalf. 
 In order to induce Fidelity Private Credit Fund to accept this subscription, I (we) hereby represent and warrant as follows (Each account holder must initial representations 1 9, to the extent applicable): 

Primary Investor 
 Co-Investor 
 Co-Investor 

1. I (we) understand that the subscription request submitted will not be accepted fewer than 5 days after I/we have received the prospectus (as amended or supplemented) for the Fidelity Private Credit Fund. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 6 

2. I (we) have (A) a minimum net worth (not including home, home furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least 250,000, or (B) a minimum net worth (as previously described) of at least 70,000 and a minimum annual gross income of at least 70,000. If I am an entity that was formed for the purpose of purchasing shares, each individual that owns an interest in the entity meets this requirement. 6 

3. In addition to the general suitability requirements described above, I/we meet the higher suitability requirements, if any, imposed by my state of primary residence as set forth in the prospectus under SUITABILITY STANDARDS. If I am an entity that was formed for the purpose of purchasing shares, each individual that owns an interest in the entity meets this requirement. 

4. I acknowledge that there is no public market for the shares, shares of this offering are not liquid and appropriate only as a long-term investment. 

5. I am purchasing the shares for my own account, or if I am purchasing shares on behalf of a trust or other entity of which I am a trustee or authorized agent, I have due authority to execute this subscription agreement and do hereby legally bind the trust or other entity of which I am trustee or authorized agent. 

6. I have received notice that Fidelity Private Credit Fund may enter into transactions with Fidelity affiliates that involve conflicts of interest as described in the prospectus. 

7. I acknowledge that subscriptions must be submitted at least five business days prior to first day of each month and my investment will be executed as of the first day of the applicable month at the NAV per share as of the day preceding day. I acknowledge that I will not know the NAV per share at which my investment will be executed at the time I subscribe and the NAV per share as of the last day of each month will generally be made available on our website within 20 business days of the last day of each month. 

6 In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the minimum standards set forth in the prospectus under SUITABILITY STANDARDS shall be met by the beneficiary, the fiduciary, account, or, by the donor or grantor, who directly or indirectly supplies the funds to purchase the shares if the donor or grantor is the fiduciary. 

8. I acknowledge that my subscription request will not be accepted any earlier than five business days before the first calendar day of each month. I acknowledge that I am not committed to purchase shares at the time my subscription order is submitted, and I may cancel my subscription at any time before the time it has been accepted as described in the previous sentence. I understand that I may withdraw my purchase request by notifying the transfer agent or my financial intermediary. 

9. I acknowledge that the Subscriber: (i)(A) is not an investment company under the 1940 Act; (B) has not elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act; and (C) is not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) thereunder; or (ii) is permitted to acquire the shares consistent with the applicable provisions of Section 12 of the 1940 Act or the rules thereunder, including pursuant to Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act. 

10. If you live in any of the following states, please read the following carefully and check the appropriate box: Alabama, California, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Tennessee, and Vermont. 

If I am an Alabama resident, I have a liquid net worth of at least 10 times my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and its affiliates. 

If I am a California resident, I may not invest more than 10 of my liquid net worth in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and have either (a) a liquid net worth of 350,000 and annual 

gross income of 65,000 or (b) a liquid net worth of 500,000. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Idaho resident, I have either (a) a liquid net worth of 85,000 and annual gross income of 85,000 or (b) a liquid net worth of 300,000. Additionally, my total investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund shall not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Credit Fund shall not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. exceed 10 of my 

liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 7 

If I am an Iowa resident, I (i) have either (a) an annual gross income of at least 100,000 and a net worth of at least 100,000, or (b) a net worth of at least 350,000 (net worth should be determined exclusive of home, auto and home furnishings); and (ii) limit my aggregate investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and in the securities of other non-traded business development companies BDCs to 10 of my liquid net worth (liquid net worth should be determined as that portion of net worth that consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily 

marketable securities). 
 Yes No 

If I am a Kansas resident, I understand that it is recommended by the Office of the Kansas Securities Commissioner that Kansas investors limit their aggregate investment in our securities and other similar investments to not more than 10 of their liquid net worth. Liquid net worth shall be defined as that portion of the purchaser s total net worth that is comprised of cash, cash equivalents, and readily marketable securities, as determined in conformity with 

GAAP. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Kentucky resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund or its affiliates may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth that is comprised of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable 

securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Maine resident, I acknowledge that it is recommended by the Maine Office of Securities that my aggregate investment in this offering and similar direct participation investments not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. For this purpose, liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth that consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily 

marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Massachusetts resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, non-traded real estate investment trusts, and in other illiquid direct 

participation programs, may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am (we are) a Missouri resident, no more than ten percent (10 of my (our) liquid net 

worth shall be invested in securities being registered in this offering. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Nebraska resident, my aggregate investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and the securities of other business development companies may not exceed 10 of my net worth. Investors who are accredited investors as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), are not subject to the foregoing investment 

concentration limit. 
 Yes No 

If am a New Jersey resident, I have either (a) a minimum liquid net worth of at least 100,000 and a minimum annual gross income of not less than 85,000, or (b) a minimum liquid net worth of 350,000. For these purposes, liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth (total assets exclusive of home, home furnishings and automobiles, minus total liabilities) that consists of cash, cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. In addition, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates and other non-publicly-traded direct investment programs (including real estate investment trusts, business development companies, oil and gas programs, equipment leasing programs and commodity pools, but excluding unregistered, federally and state exempt private offerings) may not exceed ten 

percent (10 of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am a New Mexico resident, I may not invest more than 10 of my liquid net worth in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates and in other non-traded business development companies. Liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth which consists of cash, 

cash equivalents and readily marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a North Dakota resident, I have a net worth of at least ten times my investment in 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Ohio resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates, and in any other non-traded BDC, may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth (total assets exclusive of primary residence, home furnishings and automobiles, minus total liabilities) comprised of cash, cash equivalents and 

readily marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 8 

If I am an Oklahoma resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund may not exceed 

10 of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am an Oregon resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund and its affiliates may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. Liquid net worth is defined as net worth 

excluding the value of the investor s home, home furnishings and automobile. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Pennsylvania resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund 

may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. 
 Yes No 

If I am Puerto Rico resident, my investment in Fidelity Private Credit Fund, its affiliates, and other non-traded business development companies, may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. For these purposes, liquid net worth is defined as that portion of net worth (total assets exclusive of primary residence, home furnishings and automobiles minus total liabilities) consisting of cash, cash equivalents and readily 

marketable securities. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Tennessee resident, I have a liquid net worth of at least ten times my investment in 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund. 
 Yes No 

If I am a Vermont resident and am not an accredited investor as defined in 17 C.F.R. 230.501, my investment in this offering may not exceed 10 of my liquid net worth. For these purposes, liquid net worth is defined as an investor s total assets (not including home, home 

furnishings or automobiles) minus total liabilities. 
 Yes No 

I declare that the information supplied in this Subscription Agreement is true and correct and may be relied upon by Fidelity Private Credit Fund. Investors may change the Broker / Financial Advisor of record at any time by contacting Fidelity Private Credit Fund Investor Relations at the number indicated below at any time by contacting the transfer agent at alternatives@fmr.com. 
 Each Account Holder / Trustee / Authorized Signatory must sign below. Please print, sign, and scan this page if applicable. 

X 
 
 X 

Owner or Authorized Person Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

X 
 
 X 

Co-Investor or Authorized Person Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

X 
 
 X 

Co-Investor or Authorized Person Signature 
 
 Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 9 

9 | Other Important Information 

If investors participating in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan or making subsequent purchases of shares of Fidelity Private Credit Fund experience a material adverse change in their financial condition or can no longer make the representations or warranties set forth in Section 8 above, they are asked to promptly notify Fidelity Private Credit Fund and the Broker in writing. The Broker may notify Fidelity Private Credit Fund if an investor participating in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan can no longer make the representations or warranties set forth in Section 8 above, and Fidelity Private Credit Fund may rely on such notification to terminate such investor s participation in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 
 No sale of shares may be completed until at least five business days after you receive the final prospectus. Subscribers are encouraged to read the prospectus in its entirety for a complete explanation of an investment in the shares of Fidelity Private Credit Fund. 
 To be accepted, a subscription request must be made with a completed and executed Subscription Agreement in good order and payment of the full purchase price at least five business days prior to the first calendar day of the month (unless waived). All items on the Subscription Agreement, other than those marked optional, must be completed in order for your Subscription Agreement to be processed. You will receive a written confirmation of your purchase. 
 Upon receipt of any and all funds received from prospective purchasers of shares, investors, or intermediaries on their behalf, must transmit the same together with a copy of this executed Subscription Agreement or copy of the signature page of such agreement, stating among other things, the name of the purchaser, current address, and the amount of the investment to alternatives@fmr.com (a) by the end of the next business day following receipt where internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which subscription documents and funds are received, or (b) by the end of the second business day following receipt where internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location than which subscription documents and funds are received. 
 Return the completed Subscription Agreement to: alternatives@fmr.com 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 10 

Appendix A | Supporting Document Requirements 

Please provide the following supporting documentation based on your account type. 

Individual 
 If a non-U.S. person, Form W-8BEN 

Joint (including JTWROS, Tenants in Common, Community Property) 
 For each non-U.S. Person account holder, Form W- 8BEN 

IRA (including ROTH, SEP, Rollover, Inherited) 
 None 

Trust 
 Certificate of Trust or Declaration of Trust Appropriate W-8 series form (see https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8 

Corporation (including C Corp., S Corp., LLC) 
 Formation documents Articles of incorporations Authorized signatory list Appropriate W-8 series form (see https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8 

Partnership 
 Formation documents Authorized signatory list Appropriate W-8 series form (see https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 11 

Appendix B | Privacy Notice 

PRIVACY NOTICE 
 Rev. 06/2022 

FACTS 
 What do Fidelity Investments and the Fidelity Funds do with your personal information? 

WHY? 
 Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. 

WHAT? 
 The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include: Social Security number and employment information assets and income account balances and transaction history When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. 

HOW? 
 All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers personal information, the reasons Fidelity Investments and the Fidelity Funds (hereinafter referred to as Fidelity choose to share, and whether you can limit this sharing. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 12 

REASONS WE CAN SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 DOES FIDELITY SHARE? 
 CAN YOU LIMIT THIS SHARING? 

For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus 
 Yes 
 No 

For our marketing purposes to offer our products and services to you 
 Yes 
 No 

For joint marketing with other financial companies 
 No 
 We don t share 

For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your transactions and experiences 
 Yes 
 No 

For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness 
 No 
 We don t share 

For nonaffiliates to market to you 
 No 
 We don t share 

QUESTIONS? 
 Call 800.343.3548. If we serve you through an investment professional, please contact them directly. Specific Internet addresses, mailing addresses, and telephone numbers are listed on your statements and other correspondence. 

WHO WE ARE 

Who is providing this notice? 
 Companies owned by Fidelity Investments and using the Fidelity name to provide financial services to customers, and the Fidelity Funds. A list of companies is located at the end of this notice. 

WHAT WE DO 

How does Fidelity protect my personal information? 
 To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. 

How does Fidelity collect my personal information? 
 We collect your personal information, for example, when you open an account or direct us to buy/sell your securities 

 provide account information or give us your contact information 

 tell us about your investment portfolio 

 We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 13 

Why can t I limit all sharing? 
 Federal law gives you the right to limit only sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness 

 affiliates from using certain information to market to you 

 sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you 

 State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. 

DEFINITIONS 

Affiliates 
 Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Fidelity Investments affiliates include companies with the Fidelity name (excluding the Fidelity Funds), as listed below, and other financial companies such as National Financial Services LLC, Strategic Advisers LLC, and FIAM LLC. 

Nonaffiliates 
 Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Fidelity does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you. 

Joint marketing 
 A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Fidelity doesn t jointly market. 

OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

If you transact business through Fidelity Investments life insurance companies, we may validate and obtain information about you from an insurance support organization. The insurance support organization may further share your information with other insurers, as permitted by law. We may share medical information about you to learn if you qualify for coverage, to process claims, to prevent fraud, or otherwise at your direction, as permitted by law. You are entitled to receive, upon written request, a record of any disclosures of your medical record information. Please refer to your statements and other correspondence for mailing addresses. If you establish an account in connection with your employer, your employer may request and receive certain information relevant to the administration of employee accounts. If you interact with Fidelity Investments directly as an individual investor (including joint account holders), we may exchange certain information about you with Fidelity Investments financial services affiliates, such as our brokerage and insurance companies, for their use in marketing products and services, as allowable by law. Information collected from investment professionals customers is not shared with Fidelity Investments affiliates for marketing purposes, except with your consent and as allowed by law. The Fidelity Funds have entered into a number of arrangements with Fidelity Investments companies to provide for investment management, distribution, and servicing of the Funds. The Fidelity Funds do not share personal information about you with other entities for any reason, except for everyday business purposes in order to service your account. For additional information, please visit Fidelity.com . 

WHO IS PROVIDING THIS NOTICE? 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 14 

Fidelity Investments companies: Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC; Fidelity Distributors Company LLC; Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company LLC; Fidelity Management Trust Company; Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB; Fidelity Personal and Workplace Advisors LLC; Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company; Empire Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc.; National Financial Services LLC; Fidelity Wealth Technologies LLC; Strategic Advisers LLC; Fidelity Institutional Wealth Adviser LLC; FIAM LLC; Fidelity Health Insurance Services, LLC; and the Fidelity Funds, which include funds advised by Strategic Advisers LLC and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC. 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund | Subscription Agreement 
 15 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 7
 ck0001920453-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
 BETWEEN 
 FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 AND 
 FIDELITY DIVERSIFYING SOLUTIONS LLC 
 This Agreement Agreement is made as of February 1, 2023 by and between Fidelity Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Administrator ). 
 WHEREAS, the Fund is a newly organized closed-end management investment fund that intends to elect to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ); 
 WHEREAS, the Fund desires to retain the Administrator to provide administrative services to the Fund in the manner and on the terms hereinafter set forth; and 
 WHEREAS, the Administrator is willing to provide administrative services to the Fund on the terms and conditions hereafter set forth. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Fund and the Administrator hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Duties of the Administrator . 
 (a) Employment of Administrator . The Fund hereby retains the Administrator to act as administrator of the Fund, and to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below, subject to review by and the overall control of the Board of Trustees of the Fund (the Board ), for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts such retention and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services and to assume the obligations herein set forth subject to the reimbursement of costs and expenses provided for below. The Administrator shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be an independent contractor and shall, unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to act for or represent the Fund in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Fund. 
 (b) Services . The Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange for, the performance of) the administrative and compliance services necessary for the operation of the Fund. The administrative and compliance services to be performed perform by (or overseen by, or arranged for the performance of by) the Administrator at its expense Administrative Services shall include the following: 
 (i) supervision of the third-party service providers, including the custodian, accountants, attorneys, and other parties performing services for or on behalf of the Fund; 

1 of 10 
 
 (ii) the provision of administrative personnel, office space, office equipment, utilities, and other facilities necessary for the administration of the Fund; 

(iii) the calculation of the Fund s net asset value; 

(iv) maintaining and preserving all accounts, books, financial records and other financial documents as are required of the Fund including maintenance of the general ledger, recording and verification of income, expense accruals and capital gains and losses with respect to the Fund; 

(v) accounting relating to the Fund and transactions of the Fund for securities and investments, including by not limited to loans, bonds, and other credit instruments that are issued in private offerings and related equity interests such as warrants or options issued as additional consideration in such transactions. Provide trade settlement support, including failed trade resolution and cash and security reconciliation; 

(vi) assist in the preparation of registration statements, financial statements, proxy statements and other statements or filings as may reasonably be requested; 

(vii) monitor cash positions, and provide projected cash balances, and monitor and process income and reconcile with custodian; 

(viii) calculate the yield, expense ratio, and other such financial and portfolio information as may be requested by the Fund; 

(ix) determine portfolio distributions, if any, and the tax characterization of such distributions; 

(x) maintenance of security reference data used by fund accounting; 

(xi) in conjunction with the Fund s custodian, receiving information and keeping records about all domestic and foreign corporate actions, including, but not limited to, cash and stock distributions or dividends, stock splits and reverse stock splits, taken by companies whose securities are held by the Fund and transactions involving foreign currencies; 

The Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange for, the performance of) all other administrative and compliance services necessary for the operation of the Fund. 
 The Administrator shall make reports to the Board of its performance of its obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Fund as it shall determine to be desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not, in its capacity as Administrator pursuant to this Agreement, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the securities and other assets that the Fund should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to the Fund. Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, in its capacity as both the Fund s investment adviser (the Adviser and the Administrator, may provide (or arrange for the provision of on the Fund s behalf significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request such assistance. For the avoidance of any doubt, the parties agree that the Administrator is authorized to enter into sub-administration agreements as the Administrator determines necessary in order to carry out the services set forth in this Agreement, subject to the oversight of the Board. 
 2. Records . The Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Fund that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder and will maintain and keep such books, accounts and records in accordance with the Investment Company Act. The Administrator may delegate the foregoing responsibility to a third party with the consent of the Board, subject to the oversight of the Administrator and the Fund. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the Investment Company Act, the Administrator agrees that all records which it or its delegate maintains for the Fund shall 
 2 of 10 
 
 at all times remain the property of the Fund, shall be readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of the Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which it or its delegate maintains for the Fund pursuant to Rule 31a-1 under the Investment Company Act will be preserved for the periods prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the Investment Company Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided above. Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. 
 3. Confidentiality . The parties hereto agree that each shall treat all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including nonpublic personal information (regulated pursuant to Regulation S-P), shall be used by any other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise by applicable law or regulation. 
 4. Compensation; Allocation of Costs and Expenses . 
 (a) Compensation . As compensation for the Administrative Services provided and the expenses borne by the Administrator or its affiliates under this Agreement, the Fund shall pay to the Administrator a monthly fee Administration Fee equal to 0.02666 (0.32 on an annualized basis) of the Fund s month-end net asset value. The Administration Fee shall be calculated and payable monthly in arrears. If the Administrator shall serve for less than any whole month, the foregoing compensation shall be prorated. 
 (b) Administrator Expenses . The Administrator or its affiliates will bear all fees, costs, and expenses incurred that are not assumed by the Fund under Section 4(c) of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the costs, fees and expenses borne by the Administrator or its affiliates include but are not limited to the following: 
 (i) fees, costs and expenses of the Administrative Services; 

(ii) fees, costs and expenses of technology and technology development including, but not limited to, computer systems and applications, web servicing, and website development and maintenance; 

(iii) costs and expense of all in-house administrative professional staff provided by the Administrator or its affiliates, including internal legal, compliance, tax, finance, accounting, audit, technology, or other services and professionals related thereto, as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel; and 

(iv) costs and expenses of in-house registered representatives provided by the managing dealer or its affiliates, as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, including base compensation, bonus, and benefits and routine overhead expenses, due diligence expense, and training and promotional expenses. 

(c) Fund Expenses . The Fund will bear the following costs and expenses of the Fund s operations, administration, and transactions: 
 (i) investment advisory fees, including management and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement ); 

(ii) the Administration Fee; 

3 of 10 
 
 (iii) organization and offering expenses associated with this offering (including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses and other offering expenses, including reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by detailed and itemized invoices, fees and expenses of the Fund s escrow agent and transfer agent, but excluding the shareholder servicing fee); 

(iv) all taxes, fees, costs, and expenses, retainers and/or other payments of accountants, legal counsel, advisers (including tax advisers), administrators, auditors (including with respect to any additional auditing required under The Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any applicable legislation implemented by an EEA Member state in connection with such Directive (the AIFMD )), investment bankers, administrative agents, paying agents, depositaries, custodians, trustees, sub-custodians, consultants (including individuals consulted through expert network consulting firms), engineers, senior advisers, industry experts, operating partners, deal sourcers (including personnel dedicated to but not employed by the Administrator, or its affiliates), and other professionals (except to the extent such taxes, fees, costs, and expenses are borne by the Administrator or its affiliates under this Agreement or under the terms of the Advisory Agreement); 

(v) the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the common shares of the Fund and other securities; 

(vi) fees and expenses payable under any managing dealer and selected intermediary agreements, if any; 

(vii) interest and fees and expenses arising out of all borrowings, guarantees and other financings or derivative transactions (including interest, fees and related legal expenses) made or entered into by the Fund, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and related legal expenses; 

(viii) fees and expenses of any third-party valuation services or valuation agent; 

(ix) all fees, costs and expenses of any loan servicers and other service providers and of any custodians, lenders, investment banks and other financing sources; 

(x) costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Fund s assets for tax or other purposes; 

(xi) costs of derivatives and hedging; 

(xii) all fees, costs and expenses, if any, incurred by or on behalf of the Fund in developing, negotiating and structuring prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made, including, without limitation any broken deal expenses, legal, research tax, administrative, accounting, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting and printing expenses or other expenses associated with advisers in connection with conducting due diligence or otherwise pursuing a particular non-consummated transaction, reverse termination fees and any liquidated damages, commitment fees that become payable in connection with any proposed investment that is not ultimately made, forfeited deposits or similar payments; 

(xiii) the allocated costs incurred by the Adviser and the Administrator in providing (or arranging for the provision of managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; 

4 of 10 
 
 (xiv) all brokerage costs, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, agent bank and other bank service fees; private placement fees, commissions, appraisal fees, commitment fees and underwriting costs; costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources, and other investment costs, fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with evaluating, making, holding, settling, clearing, monitoring or disposing of actual investments (including, without limitation, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment expenses and any expenses related to attending trade association and/or industry meetings, conferences or similar meetings, any costs or expenses relating to currency conversion in the case of investments denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars) and expenses arising out of trade settlements (including any delayed compensation expenses); 

(xv) investment costs, including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in sourcing, evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring, trading (including trading errors), settling, monitoring and holding prospective or actual investments or investment strategies including, without limitation, any financing, legal, filing, auditing, tax, accounting, compliance, loan administration, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting, engineering, data-related and other professional fees, costs and expenses in connection therewith (to the extent the Adviser is not reimbursed by a prospective or actual issuer of the applicable investment or other third parties or capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the transaction), or any fees, costs and expenses related to the organization or maintenance of any vehicle through which the Fund directly or indirectly participates in the acquisition, holding and/or disposition of investments or which otherwise facilitate the Fund s investment activities; 

(xvi) transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees; 

(xvii) federal and state registration fees, franchise fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating agencies; 

(xviii) fees and expenses including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses of, and any legal counsel or other advisers retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund Independent Trustees ); 

(xix) costs of preparing financial statements, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and other regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and any other applicable federal and state securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing (except to the extent such costs and expenses are borne by the Administrator or its affiliates under this Agreement or under the Advisory Agreement); 

(xx) all fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation and issuance of the Fund s periodic reports and related statements (e.g., financial statements and tax returns) and other internal and third-party printing (including a flat service fee), publishing (including time spent performing such printing and publishing services) and reporting-related expenses (including other notices and communications) in respect of the Fund and its activities (including internal expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Fund or the Adviser or its affiliates in connection with such provision of services thereby) (except to the extent such costs 

5 of 10 
 
 and expenses are borne by the Administrator under this Agreement or under the Advisory Agreement); 

(xxi) the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders (including printing and mailing costs) and the costs of any shareholder or Trustee meetings; 

(xxii) proxy voting expenses; 

(xxiii) costs associated with an exchange listing; 

(xxiv) costs of registration rights granted to certain investors; 

(xxv) any taxes and/or tax-related interest, fees or other governmental charges (including any penalties incurred where the Adviser lacks sufficient information from third parties to file a timely and complete tax return) levied against the Fund and all expenses incurred in connection with any tax audit, investigation, litigation, settlement or review of the Fund and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith; 

(xxvi) all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation, arbitration or audit involving the Fund any vehicle or its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments, assessments fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith, Trustees and officers, liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification (including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Fund; 

(xxvii) fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

(xxviii) all fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Fund s assets; 

(xxix) extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification). 

From time to time, Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, in its capacity as both the Adviser and the Administrator or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. Unless such expenses are specifically assumed by the Adviser, Administrator or its affiliates under the Advisory Agreement or this Agreement, the Fund will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Fund s behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. 
 Costs and expenses of Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC in its capacity as both the Administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 
 5. Limit of Liability . The Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it (the Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which this Agreement relates, provided that (a) the Administrator has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct which caused the loss or liability was in the best interests of the Fund; (b) the Administrator was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Fund; (c) such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct by the Administrator; and (d) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of the Fund s net assets and not from the Fund s shareholders. If the Administrator does not satisfy one or more of the preceding standards disabling conduct ), the Administrator shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Administrator would otherwise be subject. 
 6 of 10 
 
 An Indemnified Party may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of the Fund s affairs and shall be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction which is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel and accountants; provided, that such counsel or accountants were selected with reasonable care. Absent disabling conduct, the Fund will indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and hold them harmless from, any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Administrator s services under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Fund. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable under this Agreement or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by the Administrator in good faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Administrator had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, the Administrator shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws unless one or more of the following conditions are met: (a) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the particular Indemnified Party; (b) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the particular Indemnified Party; or (c) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against a particular Indemnified Party and finds that indemnification of the settlement and related costs should be made, and the court of law considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities of the Fund were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 Indemnification shall be made only following: (i) a final decision on the merits by a court or other body before which the proceeding was brought that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct or (ii) in the absence of such a decision, a reasonable determination, based upon a review of the facts, that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct by (a) the vote of a majority of a quorum of trustees of the Fund who are neither interested persons of the Fund nor parties to the proceeding disinterested non-party trustees or (b) an independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 
 An Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances from the Fund for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the manner and to the fullest extent permissible under law. The advancement of funds shall be provided only if all the following conditions are satisfied: (a) the legal action relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Fund; (b) the legal action is initiated by a third party who is not a party to the proceeding, or the legal action is initiated by a party to the proceeding and a court of competent jurisdiction specifically approves such advancement; and (c) the Administrator and other indemnitees undertake to repay the advanced funds to the Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, in cases in which such Indemnified Person is found not to be entitled to indemnification. 
 7 of 10 
 
 Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Fund a written affirmation of its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund has been met and a written undertaking to repay any such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. In addition, at least one of the following additional conditions shall be met: (a) the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and amount acceptable to the Fund for its undertaking; (b) the Fund is insured against losses arising by reason of the advance; or (c) a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party trustees or independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of facts readily available to the Fund at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will ultimately be found to be entitled to indemnification. 
 6. Activities of the Administrator . The services of the Administrator to the Fund are not to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each affiliate is free to render services to others. It is understood that trustees, officers, employees and shareholders of the Fund are or may become interested in the Administrator and its affiliates, as trustees, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, shareholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and trustees, officers, members, managers, employees, partners and shareholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Fund as shareholders or otherwise. 
 7. Duration and Termination . 
 (a) This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, on 120 days written notice, by the Fund or by the Administrator. The provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Administrator shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Administrator shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 4 through the date of termination or expiration, and Section 5 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Administrator and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 
 (b) This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, or to the extent consistent with the requirements of the Investment Company Act, from the date of the Fund s election to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Fund s Board of Trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 (c) This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the Investment Company Act). 
 8. Amendments of this Agreement . This Agreement may be amended pursuant to a written instrument by mutual consent of the parties. 
 9. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts, provided , however , that nothing herein shall be construed as being inconsistent with the Investment Company Act. 
 10. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 11. Notices . Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, by mail, postage prepaid, by email or electronic transmission, or by delivering it by hand to the other party at its principal office. 
 8 of 10 
 
 12. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by email, facsimile, or other written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures may be delivered via facsimile, email, or any other electronic signature method complying with applicable law. 

[ The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank. The signature page follows. ] 

9 of 10 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: 
 
 /s/ Heather Bonner 

Name: 
 
 Heather Bonner 

Title: 
 
 President Treasurer 

FIDELITY DIVERSIFYING SOLUTIONS LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher J. Rimmer 

Name: 
 
 Christopher J. Rimmer 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer 

[ Signature Page to Amended and Restated Administration Agreement ] 
 10 of 10 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 ck0001920453-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3 
 MANAGING DEALER AGREEMENT 
 
 Fidelity Distributors Company LLC 
 900 Salem Street 
 Smithfield, Rhode Island 02917 
 This Managing Dealer Agreement (this Agreement is entered into by and between Fidelity Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and Fidelity Distributors Company LLC (the Managing Dealer ). 
 The Fund has filed one or more registration statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (each, a Registration Statement ). In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Registration Statement means, at any given time, the most current effective form of the registration statement related to the common shares of the Fund, 0.01 par value per share Common Shares ), as may be amended from time to time. 
 Each Registration Statement shall register an ongoing offering (each, an Offering of the Fund s Common Shares, which may consist of such classes of Common Shares as may be set forth in the Registration Statement from time to time (the Shares ). In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Offering means each Offering covered by a Registration Statement and Shares means the Shares being offered in the Offering. 
 The Offering is and shall be comprised of a maximum amount set forth in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 1.a. below) that will be issued and sold to the public at the public offering prices per Share determined as set forth in the Prospectus, as may be amended from time to time, pursuant to a primary offering (the Primary Shares ). The Fund will also issue shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP Shares ). In connection with the Offering, the minimum purchase by any one person shall be as set forth in the Prospectus (except as otherwise indicated in any letter or memorandum from the Fund to the Managing Dealer). 
 In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, any references to the Registration Statement, the Offering, the Shares or the Prospectus with respect to each other shall mean only those that are all related to the same Registration Statement. 
 The Fund intends to initially offer to the public three classes of Shares and may offer additional classes of shares at it may determine appropriate from time to time. The differences between the classes of Shares and the eligibility requirements for each class are described in detail in the Prospectus. The Shares are to be offered and sold to the public as described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus. Except as otherwise agreed by the Fund and the Managing Dealer, Shares sold through the Managing Dealer are to be sold through the Managing Dealer, as the Managing Dealer, and the brokers (each a Broker and collectively, the Brokers with whom the Managing Dealer has entered into or will enter into a selected intermediary agreement related to the distribution of Shares substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A or such other form as the officers of the Fund may deem appropriate (each a Selected Intermediary Agreement at a purchase price equal to the Fund s then-current net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased. For shareholders who participate in the Fund s distribution reinvestment plan, the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each shareholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to shareholders of the Fund at a purchase price equal to the most recent available NAV per share for such shares at the time the distribution is payable. 
 Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Prospectus. Now, therefore, the Fund hereby agrees with the Managing Dealer as follows: 
 1. Representations and Warranties of the Fund: The Fund represents and warrants to the Managing Dealer and each Broker participating in an Offering, with respect to such Offering, as applicable, that: 

1 of 33 
 
 a. A Registration Statement with respect to the Shares has been prepared by the Fund in accordance with applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and the applicable rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, covering the Shares. Copies of such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto have been or will be delivered to the Managing Dealer. The prospectus contained therein, as finally amended and revised at the effective date of the Registration Statement (including at the effective date of any post-effective amendment thereto), is hereinafter referred to as the Prospectus, except that if the prospectus or prospectus supplement filed by the Fund pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act shall differ from the Prospectus on file at the Effective Date, the term Prospectus shall also include such prospectus or prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424. Effective Date means the applicable date upon which the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto is or was first declared effective by the SEC. Filing Date means the applicable date upon which the initial Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto is filed with the SEC. 

b. The Fund has been duly and validly organized and formed as a statutory trust under the laws of the state of Delaware, with the power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus. 

c. As of the Effective Date or Filing Date, as applicable, the Registration Statement and Prospectus complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the applicable Effective Date, does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus as of the applicable Filing Date, does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.c. will not extend to such statements contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or Prospectus as are primarily within the knowledge of the Managing Dealer or any of the Brokers and are based upon information furnished by the Managing Dealer in writing to the Fund specifically for inclusion therein. 

d. The Fund intends to use the funds received from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Prospectus. 

e. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Fund of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Fund of the Shares, except such as may be required under the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or applicable state securities laws. 

f. Unless otherwise described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or to the knowledge of the Fund, threatened against the Fund at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, which will have a material adverse effect on the business or property of the Fund. 

g. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Fund will not conflict with or constitute a default under any charter, by-law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Fund, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity 

2 of 33 
 
 and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 

h. The Fund has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 

i. At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as contemplated by the Prospectus and the Fund s declaration of trust, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time (the Declaration of Trust ), and upon payment therefor as provided by the Prospectus and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus. 

j. The Fund has filed all material federal, state and foreign income tax returns, which have been required to be filed, on or before the due date (taking into account all extensions of time to file) and has paid or provided for the payment of all taxes indicated by said returns and all assessments received by the Fund to the extent that such taxes or assessments have become due, except where the Fund is contesting such assessments in good faith. 

k. The financial statements of the Fund included in the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Fund as of the date indicated and the results of its operations for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 

l. Upon the commencement of the Offering, the Fund will be a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the 1940 Act, and has not withdrawn such election, and the SEC has not ordered that such election be withdrawn nor to the Fund s knowledge have proceedings to effectuate such withdrawal been initiated or threatened by the SEC. 

m. Any and all printed sales literature or other materials which have been approved in advance in writing by the Fund and appropriate regulatory agencies for use in the Offering Authorized Sales Materials prepared by the Fund and any of its affiliates specifically for use with potential investors in connection with the Offering, when used in conjunction with the Prospectus, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a material fact nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they, omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Prospectus, not misleading. 

n. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no person is serving or acting as investment adviser of the Fund, except in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act and the applicable published rules and regulations thereunder. 

o. The issuance and sale of the Shares have been duly authorized by the Fund, and, when issued and duly delivered against payment therefor as contemplated by this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

2. Covenants of the Fund. The Fund covenants and agrees with the Managing Dealer that: 

a. It will, at no expense to the Managing Dealer, furnish the Managing Dealer with such number of printed copies of the Registration Statement, including all amendments and exhibits thereto, as the 

3 of 33 
 
 Managing Dealer may reasonably request. It will similarly furnish to the Managing Dealer and others designated by the Managing Dealer as many copies of the following documents as the Managing Dealer may reasonably request: (a) the Prospectus in preliminary and final form and every form of supplemental or amended prospectus; (b) this Agreement; and (c) any other Authorized Sales Materials (provided that the use of said Authorized Sales Materials has been first approved for use by all appropriate regulatory agencies). 

b. It will furnish such proper information and execute and file such documents as may be necessary for the Fund to qualify the Shares for offer and sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Managing Dealer may reasonably designate and will file and make in each year such statements and reports as may be required. The Fund will furnish to the Managing Dealer upon request a copy of such papers filed by the Fund in connection with any such qualification. 

c. It will: (a) use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective; (b) furnish copies of any proposed amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or Prospectus to the Managing Dealer; (c) file every amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that may be required by the SEC; and (d) if at any time the SEC shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, it will promptly notify the Managing Dealer and, to the extent the Fund determines such action is in the best interests of the Fund, use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting of such order. 

d. If at any time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act any event occurs as a result of which, in the opinion of either the Fund or the Managing Dealer, the Prospectus would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Fund will promptly notify the Managing Dealer thereof (unless the information shall have been received from the Managing Dealer) and will effect the preparation of an amended or supplemental Prospectus which will correct such statement or omission. The Fund will then promptly prepare such amended or supplemental Prospectus or Prospectuses as may be necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. 

e. It will disclose a per share estimated value of the Shares and related information in accordance with the requirements of FINRA Rule 2310(b)(5). 

3. Obligations and Compensation of Managing Dealer 

a. The Fund hereby appoints the Managing Dealer as its agent and principal Managing Dealer for the purpose of selling for cash to the public up to the maximum amount set forth in the Prospectus through Brokers, all of whom shall be members of FINRA. The Managing Dealer hereby accepts such agency and Managing Dealership and agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares on said terms and conditions set forth in the Prospectus with respect to each Offering and any additional terms or conditions specified in this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. The Managing Dealer represents to the Fund that it is a member in good standing of FINRA and that it and its employees and representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. With respect to the Managing Dealer s participation in the distribution of the Shares in the Offering, the Managing Dealer agrees to comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Rules and Regulations, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and all other state or federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the sale of Shares, all applicable state securities or blue sky laws and regulations, and the rules of FINRA applicable to the Offering, from time to time in effect, including, without limitation, FINRA Rules 2040, 2111, 2310, 5110 and 5141. The Managing Dealer agrees to prepare, with the Fund s cooperation, the required filings under FINRA Rule 2310, and file the same with FINRA (the 2310 Filing ). 

4 of 33 
 
 b. Promptly after the initial Effective Date of the Registration Statement, the Managing Dealer and the Brokers shall commence the offering of the Shares in the Offering for cash to the public in jurisdictions in which the Shares are registered or qualified for sale or in which such offering is otherwise permitted. The Managing Dealer and the Brokers will immediately suspend or terminate offering of the Shares upon request of the Fund at any time and will resume offering the Shares upon subsequent request of the Fund. 

c. As provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus, which may be amended and restated from time to time, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3.d. below, the Fund will pay to the Managing Dealer a Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee as set forth in the Prospectus with respect to certain classes of Shares Distribution Shares ); provided that the Fund may retain all or any portion of such amounts to satisfy payment obligations in respect of shareholder servicing or distributions arrangements with other parties, including with Brokers, pursuant to Section 3(e) below in which the Fund may direct such payments to such parties on an agency basis. The Fund will pay the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee to the Managing Dealer monthly in arrears. 

d. The Fund recognizes that the Adviser or its affiliates, under separate agreement with the Managing Dealer, may make payment to the Managing Dealer in connection with the distribution of Shares of the Fund, such payments payable from past profits or other resources of the Adviser or its affiliates including management fees paid to it by the Fund. 

e. As provided in the Distribution and Service Plan adopted by the Fund, the Fund recognizes that the Adviser or its affiliates, under separate agreement, may make payment to the Managing Dealer with respect to any expenses incurred in the distribution of shares of the Fund, such payments payable from past profits or other resources of the Adviser or its affiliates including management fees paid to it by the Fund. The compensation of the Managing Dealer shall be set forth in a separate agreement between the Managing Dealer and the Adviser. 

f. The Managing Dealer may reallow all or a portion of the front-end sales charge and/or Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee to any Brokers who sold Distribution Shares to the extent the Selected Intermediary Agreement with such Broker provides for such a reallowance and such Broker is in compliance with the terms of such Selected Intermediary Agreement related to such reallowance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Prospectus, at such time as the Broker who sold the Shares is no longer the intermediary of record with respect to such Shares or the Broker no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in its Selected Intermediary Agreement for the receipt of the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees with respect to such Shares, then Broker s entitlement to the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees related to such Shares, as applicable, shall cease in, and Broker shall not receive the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee for, that month or any portion thereof (i.e., Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees are payable with respect to an entire month without any proration). Intermediary transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. 

Thereafter, such Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee may be reallowed to the then-current intermediary of record of such Shares, as applicable, if any such intermediary of record has been designated (the Servicing Broker ), to the extent such Servicing Broker has entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement with the Managing Dealer, such Selected Intermediary Agreement with the Servicing Broker provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Broker is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Managing Dealer in good faith in its sole discretion. The Managing Dealer may also reallow some or all of the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee to other intermediaries who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Brokers) pursuant to a Selected Intermediary Agreement with the Managing Dealer to the extent such Selected Intermediary Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Broker is in compliance with the terms of 
 5 of 33 
 
 such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Selected Intermediary Agreement. 
 g. Unless otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, at the end of the month in which the Managing Dealer in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees paid with respect to any single share held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share (or a lower limit as determined by the Managing Dealer or the applicable Broker), the Managing Dealer shall cease receiving the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee on either (i) each such share that would exceed such limit or (ii) all Shares in such shareholder s account, in the Managing Dealer s discretion. At the end of such month, the applicable Distribution Shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV. In addition, the Managing Dealer will cease receiving the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee on Class S shares and Class D shares in connection with an Offering (i.e., pursuant to the Registration Statement for such Offering) upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Fund with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets, or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of such Offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with such Offering, including selling commissions, Managing Dealer Fee, the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to ten percent (10 of the gross proceeds from Primary Shares sold in such Offering, as determined in good faith by the Managing Dealer in its sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, the portion of the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee accruing with respect to Distribution Shares of the Fund s Common Shares issued (publicly or privately) by the Fund during the term of a particular Offering, and not issued pursuant to a prior Offering, shall be underwriting compensation with respect to such particular Offering and not with respect to any other Offering. 

h. The terms of any reallowance of the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee shall be set forth in the Selected Intermediary Agreement entered into with the Brokers or Servicing Brokers, as applicable. The Fund will not be liable or responsible to any Broker or Servicing Broker for any reallowance of Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee to such Broker or Servicing Broker, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Managing Dealer for payment of Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee to Brokers and Servicing Brokers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Fund, the Fund may act as agent of the Managing Dealer by making direct payment of Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees to Brokers on behalf of the Managing Dealer without incurring any liability. Further, the Fund is not responsible for any transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, charged by Brokers. 

i. In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 3, the Fund and/or the Adviser shall reimburse the Managing Dealer for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Prospectus, to the extent the Prospectus indicates that they will be paid by the Fund or the Advisor, as applicable, and to the extent permitted pursuant to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA. The Fund shall reimburse the Managing Dealer for filing fees paid in connection with the 2310 Filing. 

j. In addition to reimbursement as provided under Section 3.g, and subject to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA, the Fund shall also pay directly or reimburse the Managing Dealer for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by any Broker as described in the Prospectus. The Managing Dealer shall obtain from any Broker and provide to the Fund a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no payments or reimbursements made by the Fund with respect to a particular Offering hereunder shall cause total 

6 of 33 
 
 organization and offering expenses, defined under Omnibus Guidelines (as defined in Section 4.a. below) and FINRA rules, to exceed 10 and 15 , respectively, of gross proceeds from such Offering. 

k. The Managing Dealer represents that it will comply fully with all applicable currency reporting, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorist laws and regulations, and any other applicable laws, rules, regulations and interpretations of any other applicable regulatory or self-regulatory body. 

l. (i) The Managing Dealer has in place internal controls, policies, and procedures AML Program that are reasonably designed to detect, identify, and report illegal activity, including money laundering and further represents that it has implemented, complies with and will comply with anti-money laundering policies and procedures that satisfy and will continue to satisfy the requirements of applicable anti-money laundering and know your customer laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, the U.S. International Emergency Economic Powers Act, and the U.S. Trading with the Enemy Act, as each may be amended from time to time. (ii) The Managing Dealer s AML Program, at a minimum; (1) designates a compliance office to administer and oversee the AML Program; (2) provides ongoing employee training; (3) includes an independent audit function to test the effectiveness of the Program; (4) establishes internal policies, procedures, and controls that are tailored to its particular business; (5) provides for the filing of all necessary anti-money laundering reports including, but not limited to, suspicious activity reports and (6) provides for screening Brokers against the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC list and any other government list that is or becomes required under the USA Patriot Act. (iii) The Managing Dealer represents and warrants that it has policies, procedures and internal controls in place that are reasonably designed to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ), and, where applicable, legislation enacted by member States and signatories implementing the OECD Convention Combating Bribery of Foreign Officials, or any similar statute, rule or policy applicable in any jurisdiction in which Broker engages in any activity hereunder (collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws ). The Managing Dealer represents and warrants that it has and will maintain at all times during the term of this Agreement, policies, procedures, and internal controls in place that are reasonably designed to comply with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, including applicable provisions of the FCPA. 

m. The Managing Dealer represents and warrants to the Fund and each person and firm that signs the Registration Statement that the information under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus and all other information furnished to the Fund by the Managing Dealer in writing expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

n. The Managing Dealer and all Brokers will offer and sell the Shares at the public offering prices per share as determined in accordance with the Prospectus. 

o. The Managing Dealer agrees to update the Chief Compliance Officers of the Adviser and the Fund via written communication on a quarterly basis regarding material compliance issues that have occurred since the prior quarter. 

p. The Managing Dealer will ensure through the Selected Intermediary Agreement that the Brokers agree, upon receipt of any and all checks, drafts, and money orders or other instruments of payment received from prospective purchasers of shares, to transmit same together with a copy of the executed Subscription Agreement or copy of the signature page of such agreement, stating among other things, the name of the purchaser, current address, and the amount of the investment to the Escrow Agent or Transfer Agent by (a) the end of the next business day following receipt where internal 

7 of 33 
 
 supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which subscription documents and checks are received, or (b) the end of the second business day following receipt where internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location than that which subscription documents and checks are received . 

4. Indemnification . 

a. To the extent permitted by the Declaration of Trust, Section 17(h) and Section 17(i) of the 1940 Act, the provisions of Article II.G of the North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007 and from time to time (the Omnibus Guidelines ), and subject to the limitations below, the Fund will indemnify and hold harmless the Brokers and the Managing Dealer, their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such Broker or Managing Dealer within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Indemnified Persons from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities Losses ), joint or several, to which such Indemnified Persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any blue sky application or other document executed by the Fund or on its behalf specifically for the purpose of qualifying any or all of the Shares for sale under the securities laws of any jurisdiction or based upon written information furnished by the Fund under the securities laws thereof (any such application, document or information being hereinafter called a Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials, or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Fund will reimburse the Managing Dealer and each Indemnified Person of the Managing Dealer for any reasonable legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Managing Dealer or such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating or defending such Loss. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Fund may not indemnify or hold harmless the Managing Dealer, any Broker or any of their affiliates in any manner that would be inconsistent with the provisions to Article II.G of the Omnibus Guidelines. In particular, but without limitation, the Fund may not indemnify or hold harmless the Managing Dealer, any Broker or any of their affiliates for liabilities arising from or out of a violation of state or federal securities laws, unless one or more of the following conditions are met: 
 (i) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations; 

(ii) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction; or 

(iii) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which the securities were offered as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 

Further notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Fund will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Loss or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished (x) to the Fund by the Managing Dealer or (y) to the Fund or the Managing Dealer by or on behalf of any Broker specifically for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective 
 8 of 33 
 
 amendment or supplement, any Blue Sky Application or any Authorized Sales Materials, and, further, the Fund will not be liable for the portion of any Loss in any such case if it is determined that such Broker or the Managing Dealer was at fault in connection with such portion of the Loss, expense or action. 
 The foregoing indemnity agreement of this Section 4.a. is subject to the further condition that, insofar as it relates to any untrue statement or omission made in the Prospectus (or amendment or supplement thereto) that was eliminated or remedied in any subsequent amendment or supplement thereto, such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of an Indemnified Party from whom the person asserting any Losses purchased the Shares that are the subject thereof, if a copy of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented was not sent or given to such person at or prior to the time the subscription of such person was accepted by the Fund, but only if a copy of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented had been supplied to the Managing Dealer or the Broker prior to such acceptance. 
 b. The Managing Dealer will indemnify and hold harmless the Fund, its officers and trustees (including any person named in the Registration Statement, with his consent, as about to become a trustee), each other person who has signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Fund within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Fund Indemnified Persons ), from and against any Losses to which any of the Fund Indemnified Persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials; or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Fund by or on behalf of the Managing Dealer specifically for use with reference to the Managing Dealer in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in preparation of any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials; or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved by the Fund or any use of broker-dealer use only materials with members of the public by the Managing Dealer in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction; or (d) any untrue statement made by the Managing Dealer or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares; or (e) any material violation of this Agreement; or (f) any failure to comply with applicable laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA Patriot Act; or (g) any other failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; provided further that the Managing Dealer s obligation to indemnify the Fund shall be limited to the extent of any fees earned and retained by the Managing Dealer (excluding any fees re-allowed to Brokers) pursuant to this Agreement. The Managing Dealer will reimburse the aforesaid parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Managing Dealer may otherwise have. 

c. Each Broker severally will indemnify and hold harmless the Fund, the Managing Dealer, each of their officers, trustees and directors (including any person named in the Registration Statement, with his consent, as about to become a trustee), each other person who has signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Fund or the Managing Dealer within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Broker Indemnified Persons from and against any Losses to which a 

9 of 33 
 
 Broker Indemnified Person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials; or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Fund or the Managing Dealer by or on behalf of the Broker specifically for use with reference to the Broker in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement either or in preparation of any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials; or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved by the Fund or any use of broker-dealer use only materials with members of the public by the Broker in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction; or (d) any untrue statement made by the Broker or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares; or (e) any material violation of this Agreement or the Selected Intermediary Agreement entered into between the Managing Dealer and the Broker; or (f) any failure or alleged failure to comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA Patriot Act; or (g) any other failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each such Broker will reimburse each Broker Indemnified Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that such Broker may otherwise have. 

d. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 4 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 4, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of an indemnified party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section 4 as to the particular item for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any indemnified party. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section 4.e.) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any indemnified party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnified party. 

e. The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be obliged to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified 

10 of 33 
 
 party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought; and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties are unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 

f. The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Broker, or any person controlling any Broker or by or on behalf of the Fund, the Managing Dealer or any officer, trustee or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Fund or the Managing Dealer, (b) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (c) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of any Broker or of any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits, and subject to the obligations of, the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4. 

5. Survival of Provisions . 

a. The respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Fund and the Managing Dealer set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Managing Dealer or any Broker or any person controlling the Managing Dealer or any Broker or by or on behalf of the Fund or any person controlling the Fund, and (b) the acceptance of any payment for the Shares. 

b. The respective agreements of the Fund and the Managing Dealer set forth in Sections 3.c. through 3.h. and Sections 4 through 14 of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement. 

6. Applicable Law. This Agreement was executed and delivered in, and its validity, interpretation and construction shall be governed by, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; provided however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section. Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in Massachusetts. 

7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Each party may execute this Agreement by applying an electronic signature using DocuSign or any similar electronic signature program and acknowledges, agrees and confirms that the use of such an electronic signature program (a) shall result in a reliable and valid delivery of such party s signature to this Agreement; and (b) shall constitute reasonable steps on the part of the other party to this Agreement to verify the reliability of such signature. 

8. Successors and Amendment . 

a. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Managing Dealer and the Fund and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit and be binding upon Brokers to the extent set forth in Sections 1 and 4 hereof and the provisions of the applicable Intermediary Agreement. 

b. This Agreement may be amended by the written agreement of the Managing Dealer and the Fund. 

11 of 33 
 
 9. Term and Termination . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above and shall remain in force until the first anniversary of its effective date and shall thereafter continue in effect from year to year, but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by a vote of the board of trustees of the Fund, including the vote of a majority of the trustees who are not interested persons, as defined by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder, of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Fund s Distribution and Servicing Plan (the Plan or any agreements entered into in connection with the Plan (including this Agreement), cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose. Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 60 days written notice or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. The Agreement also may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Fund s trustees who are not interested persons, as defined in the 1940 Act, of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Fund s distribution plan or this Agreement or by vote a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund, on not more than 60 days written notice to the Managing Dealer or the Adviser. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, and except as set forth below, prior to the fifteen-month anniversary of the date hereof, the Fund shall pay to the Managing Dealer any remaining balance of the Managing Dealer Fee not yet paid at such time and reimbursement for all accountable expenses incurred in accordance with this agreement prior to the termination date. In the event the Managing Dealer is terminated for failure to comply with the terms hereof or for any other cause event, the Managing Dealer shall be entitled only to its prorated Managing Dealer Fee through such termination date, offset by any losses suffered by the Fund or any officer or trustee of the Fund arising from the Managing Dealer s breach of this Agreement or an action that would otherwise give rise to an indemnification claim against the Managing Dealer under Section 4.b. herein. Upon termination, the Managing Dealer shall promptly deliver to the Fund all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering other than as required by law to be retained by the Managing Dealer. Managing Dealer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Fund to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Fund. 
 10. Confirmation. The Fund hereby agrees and assumes the duty to confirm on its behalf and on behalf of Brokers who sell the Shares all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Fund. Such confirmations will comply with the rules of the SEC and FINRA and will comply with applicable laws of such other jurisdictions to the extent the Fund is advised of such laws in writing by the Managing Dealer. 

11. Prospectus and Authorized Sales Materials. Managing Dealer agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Prospectus and any Authorized Sales Materials. The Managing Dealer further agrees (a) not to deliver any Authorized Sales Materials to any investor or prospective investor, to any intermediary , or to any representatives or other associated persons of such an intermediary, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Prospectus as amended and supplemented, (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Fund and marked broker only, dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public and (c) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor in a particular jurisdiction (and will similarly require Brokers pursuant to the Selected Intermediary Agreement) any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Fund if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction. Managing Dealer, in its agreements with Brokers, will include requirements and obligations of the Brokers similar to those imposed upon the Managing Dealer pursuant to this section. 

12. Suitability of Investors. The Managing Dealer, in its agreements with Brokers, will require that the Brokers offer Shares only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Prospectus or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Fund and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. In 

12 of 33 
 
 offering Shares, the Managing Dealer, in its agreements with Brokers, will require that the Broker comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including, without limitation, the provisions of Exchange Act Rule 15l-1 Regulation Best Interest and Article III of the Omnibus Guidelines and applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident. The Managing Dealer, in its agreements with Brokers, will require that the Brokers shall sell Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase such shares as described in the Prospectus and that Brokers are duly authorized to sell such shares. The Managing Dealer, in its agreements with the Brokers, shall require the Brokers to maintain, for at least six years, a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the financial qualification and suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale of the Shares. 

13. Submission of Orders. The Managing Dealer will require in its agreements with each Broker that each Broker comply with the submission of orders procedures set forth in the form of the Selected Intermediary Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. To the extent the Managing Dealer is involved in the distribution process other than through a Broker, the Managing Dealer will comply with such submission of orders procedures, and will require each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering to complete and execute a subscription agreement in the form filed as an appendix to the Prospectus (a Subscription Agreement in the form provided by the Fund to the Managing Dealer for use in connection with the Offering and to deliver to the Managing Dealer or as otherwise directed by the Managing Dealer such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Prospectus. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Managing Dealer to the escrow agent described in the Prospectus and Subscription Agreement for any Offering in which there is a minimum offering contingency described in the Prospectus Minimum Offering that has not yet been satisfied or, after any such Minimum Offering is satisfied or if no such Minimum Offering is applicable to an Offering, to the Fund, as soon as practicable, but in any event by the end of the second business day following receipt by the Managing Dealer. If the Managing Dealer receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the instructions set forth in the form of Selected Intermediary Agreement, the Managing Dealer shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Instruments of payment of rejected subscribers will be promptly returned to such subscribers. 

14. Notice. Notices and other writings contemplated by this Agreement shall be delivered via (i) hand, (ii) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier or (iv) electronic mail. All such notices shall be addressed, as follows: 

If to the Managing Dealer: 

Fidelity Distributors Company LLC 

Attn: Contracts Management 

900 Salem Street OS2N Smithfield, Rhode Island 02917 

If to the Fund: 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund 

c/o Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC 245 Summer Street Boston, Massachusetts 02210 Attn: Chief Legal Officer 

13 of 33 
 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date written below. 

Very truly yours, 

Fidelity Private credit FUND 

By: 
 
 /s/ Stephanie Brown 

Name: 
 
 Stephanie Brown 

Title: 
 
 President and Treasurer 

Date: 
 
 September 23, 2022 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date written below: 

fidelity distributORS company LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dalton Gustafson 

Name: 
 
 Dalton Gustafson 

Title: 
 
 President 

Date: 
 
 September 23, 2022 

[Signature Page to Managing Dealer Agreement ] 
 
 14 of 33 
 
 EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF SELECTED INTERMEDIARY AGREEMENT 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Fidelity Distributors Company LLC, as the managing dealer Managing Dealer for Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ), a Delaware statutory trust, invites you (the Broker to participate in the distribution of common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, of the Fund Common Shares subject to the following terms: 

I. 
 Managing Dealer Agreement 

The Managing Dealer has entered into a Managing Dealer Agreement (the Managing Dealer Agreement with the Fund dated September 23, 2022, attached hereto as Exhibit A. Except as otherwise specifically stated herein, all terms used in this Agreement have the meanings provided in the Managing Dealer Agreement. 
 As described in the Managing Dealer Agreement, the Fund has filed one or more registration statements with the SEC (each, a Registration Statement to register an ongoing offering (each, an Offering of Common Shares, which may consist of various classes of shares of beneficial interest (the Shares ). 
 In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Registration Statement means, at any given time, the current effective registration statement, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Offering means, at any given time, an offering covered by a Registration Statement and Shares means the Shares being offered in an Offering. In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, any references to the Registration Statement, the Offering, the Shares or the Prospectus with respect to each other shall mean only those that are all related to the same Registration Statement. 
 
 By your acceptance of this Agreement, you will become one of the Brokers referred to in the Managing Dealer Agreement between the Fund and the Managing Dealer and will be entitled and subject to the indemnification provisions contained in the Managing Dealer Agreement, including the provisions of Section 4 of the Managing Dealer Agreement wherein the Brokers severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Fund, the Managing Dealer and each officer and director thereof, and each person, if any, who controls the Fund or the Managing Dealer within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Broker acknowledges that the Managing Dealer s liability for the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is limited solely to the proceeds of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee receivable from the Fund, and the Broker hereby waives any and all rights to receive any reallowance of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due until such time as the Managing Dealer is in receipt of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee from the Fund. 
 The Broker hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions stated in the Prospectus. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to make the Broker an employee, agent, representative or partner of the Managing Dealer or of the Fund, and the Broker is not authorized to act for the Managing Dealer or the Fund or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Prospectus and in the Authorized Sales Materials. 

II. 
 Submission of Orders 

Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to the Broker such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which 
 15 of 33 
 
 must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Prospectus. Those persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by the Broker to make their instruments of payment payable to or for the benefit of [Escrow Account Name], during the escrow period and Fidelity Private Credit Fund following the escrow period. Purchase orders which include (i) instruments of payment received by the Fund at least five (5) business days prior to the first calendar day of the month and (ii) a completed and executed Subscription Agreement in good order received by the Fund at least five (5) business days prior to the first calendar day of the month (unless waived by the Managing Dealer) will be executed as of the first calendar day of the month (based on the NAV per share as determined as of the previous day, being the last day of the preceding month). 
 Any tender offer requests must be made in accordance with the applicable procedures described in the Fund s Registration Statement, the Fund s Share Repurchase Program described in the Registration Statement (the Repurchase Plan ), and applicable law, rules and regulations. The parties acknowledge and agree that a tender offer is not received in good order unless the tender offer and all required documentation is complete and received by the Fund s transfer agent by the applicable tender offer deadline described in the Fund s tender offer documents or otherwise specified by the Fund in writing. 
 The Broker agrees, upon receipt of any and all checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment from prospective purchasers of shares, to transmit same, together with a copy of the executed Subscription Agreement or copy of the signature page of such agreement, which conforms to the foregoing instructions and stating among other things, the name of the purchaser, current address, and the amount of the investment, in accordance with the following procedures, unless otherwise agreed with the Managing Dealer: 

(i) 
 Where, pursuant to the Broker s internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment are received from subscribers, Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Broker for deposit to the Fund or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Fund. 

(ii) 
 Where, pursuant to the Broker s internal supervisory procedures, final internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location, Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Broker to the office of the Broker conducting such final internal supervisory review (the Final Review Office ). The Final Review Office will in turn, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment for deposit to the Fund or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Fund. 

If the Broker receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions, the Broker shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. 

III. 
 Pricing 

Except as otherwise provided in the Prospectus, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Primary Shares shall generally be offered to the public at a purchase price payable in cash equal to the Fund s then-current net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Prospectus). The Broker may also charge transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in connection with the sale of Shares as described in Schedule I attached hereto. For shareholders who participate in the Fund s distribution reinvestment plan DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of shares that each shareholder owns will be automatically re-invested in additional shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares will be issued and sold to shareholders of the Fund at a purchase price equal to the most recent available NAV per share for such shares at the time the distribution is payable. Minimum purchase amounts for each class of Shares shall be as set forth in the Prospectus. The Shares are nonassessable. 
 16 of 33 

IV. 
 Brokers Compensation 

If the Fund has adopted a plan pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (a Plan ), the Managing Dealer may make distribution and/or shareholder servicing payments to the Broker under the Plan in an amount and manner set forth in the Prospectus. Such payments shall be made or cause to be made at the Managing Dealer s direction. Any distribution and/or shareholder servicing payments will be in effect with respect to the Fund only so long as that Fund s Plan remains in effect. 
 Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales and ongoing shareholder services rendered by the Broker hereunder, the Broker is entitled, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein, to the compensation set forth on Schedule I hereto. 

V. 
 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Broker 

In addition to the representations and warranties found elsewhere in this Agreement, the Broker represents, warrants and agrees that: 

(i) 
 It is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state, commonwealth or other jurisdiction in which the Broker is organized. 

(ii) 
 It is empowered under applicable laws and by the Broker s organizational documents to enter into this Agreement and perform all activities and services of the Broker provided for herein and that there are no impediments, prior or existing, or regulatory, self-regulatory, administrative, civil or criminal matters affecting the Broker s ability to perform under this Agreement. 

(iii) 
 The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement; the incurrence of the obligations set forth herein; and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Shares, will not constitute a breach of, or default under, any agreement or instrument by which the Broker is bound, or to which any of its assets are subject, or any order, rule, or regulation applicable to it of any court, governmental body, or administrative agency having jurisdiction over it. 

(iv) 
 All requisite actions have been taken to authorize the Broker to enter into and perform this Agreement. 

(v) 
 It shall notify the Managing Dealer, promptly in writing, of any written claim or complaint or any enforcement action or other proceeding with respect to Shares offered hereunder against the Broker or its principals, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents, or any person who controls the Broker, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. 

(vi) 
 The Broker will not offer, sell or distribute Shares, or otherwise make any such Shares available, in any jurisdiction outside of the United States or United States territories unless the Broker receives prior written consent from the Managing Dealer. 

(vii) 
 The Broker acknowledges that the Managing Dealer will enter into similar agreements with other broker-dealers, which does not require the consent of the Broker. 

(viii) 
 The Broker represents that it is a broker-dealer registered with FINRA and (effective August 20, 2017) subject to FINRA Rule 2030 Rule 2030 ). The Broker represents that it has policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Rule 2030 and is currently in compliance with Rule 2030. Moreover, the Broker represents that neither it nor any of its Covered Associates (i.e., any (i) general partner, managing member or executive officer of the Broker, as well as any person with a similar status or function, (ii) any associated person of the Broker who engages in distribution 

17 of 33 

or solicitation activities with a government entity, (iii) any associated person of the Broker who supervises, directly or indirectly, the government entity distribution or solicitation activities of a person in (ii) above, and (iv) any political action committee controlled by the Broker or one of its Covered Associates) has made, directly or indirectly, any contributions that prohibit the Broker from engaging in solicitation activities for compensation under Rule 2030 (a Triggering Contribution ). The Broker hereby agrees that neither it nor its Covered Associates will make a Triggering Contribution or violate Rule 2030 while engaged hereunder. If the Broker breaches this provision and becomes aware of a Triggering Contribution or a violation of Rule 2030, it shall promptly provide written notice to the Managing Dealer of the nature of the ban or violation. 

(ix) 
 The Broker represents that the Broker is acting solely as an agent for its customers with respect to their purchase or sale of Shares and is not acting for the Broker s own account. Any transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, charged by the Broker in connection with its sale of Shares will be charged in a manner consistent with the Prospectus and applicable law and FINRA rules. 

(x) 
 The Broker further represents, warrants and covenants that neither the Broker, nor any person associated with the Broker, shall offer or sell Shares in any jurisdiction except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment requirements under the most restrictive of the following: (a) applicable provisions described in the Prospectus, including minimum income and net worth standards; (b) applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident; (c) applicable provisions of Regulation Best Interest; or (d) applicable FINRA rules. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the suitability standards must be met by the person who directly or indirectly supplied the funds for the purchase of the Shares or by the beneficiary of such fiduciary account. The Broker further represents, warrants and covenants that the Broker, or a person associated with the Broker, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by the Broker, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained or accounts hereafter established. 

VI. 
 Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales 

All orders, whether initial or additional, are subject to acceptance by and shall only become effective upon confirmation by the Fund, which reserves the right to reject any order for any reason or no reason including, without limitation, orders not accompanied by an executed Subscription Agreement in good order or without the required instrument of payment in full payment for the Shares. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt of payment therefor. If any check is not paid upon presentment, or if the Fund is not in actual receipt of clearinghouse funds or cash, certified or cashier s check or the equivalent in payment for the Shares, the Fund reserves the right to cancel the sale without notice. 

VII. 
 Prospectus and Authorized Sales Materials; Compliance with Laws 

The Broker is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Prospectus and any Authorized Sales Materials. The Managing Dealer will make available to the Broker the Prospectus, any supplements thereto and any amended Prospectus, as well as any Authorized Sales Materials, for delivery to investors. The Broker agrees that it shall have delivered (i) to each investor to whom an offer to sell the Shares is made, as of the time of such offer, a copy of the Prospectus and all supplements thereto and any amended Prospectus that have then been made available to the Broker by the Managing Dealer and (ii) to each investor that subscribes for an order to purchase Shares, as of the time the Fund accepts such investor s order to purchase the Shares within the timeframes described in the Prospectus, a copy of the Prospectus and all supplements thereto and any amended Prospectus that have then been made available to the Broker by the Managing Dealer. The Broker agrees not to 
 18 of 33 
 
 deliver to any Authorized Sales Materials to any investor or potential investor, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Prospectus as amended and supplemented. The Broker agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing which is supplied to it by the Managing Dealer and marked broker only, dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public. The Broker agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or prospective investor in a particular jurisdiction any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Managing Dealer if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction. The Broker agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any material or writing which relates to another company supplied to it by the Fund or the Managing Dealer bearing a legend which states that such material may not be used in connection with the offer or sale of any securities other than the company to which it relates. The Broker further agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any materials or writings which have not been previously approved by the Managing Dealer or the Fund in writing. The Broker agrees, if the Managing Dealer so requests, to furnish a copy of any final Prospectuses required for compliance with the provisions of Rule 15c2-8 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Regardless of the termination of this Agreement, the Broker will deliver a Prospectus in transactions in the Shares for a period of ninety (90) days from the effective date of the Registration Statement or such longer period as may be required by the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 In offering and selling Shares, the Broker agrees to comply with all the applicable requirements imposed upon it under (a) the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under both such acts, (b) all applicable state securities laws and regulations as from time to time in effect, (c) any other state, federal, foreign and other laws and regulations applicable to the Offering, the sale of Shares or the activities of the Broker pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation the privacy standards and requirements of state and federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, as amended GLBA ), and the laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including the applicable rules of the SEC and FINRA, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, the USA Patriot Act, and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Control at the Department of the Treasury, and (d) this Agreement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented. 
 
 The Broker and the Managing Dealer further agree to the following terms: 

(i) 
 The Broker agrees that it (1) will maintain written policies and procedures covering the delivery of electronic offering documents and the use of electronic signatures, (2) will comply with all applicable SEC rules and guidelines pertaining to electronic delivery of the Prospectus and Authorized Sales Materials and electronic signature of the Subscription Agreement, (3) will comply with all of the applicable requirements set forth in the NASAA Statement of Policy Regarding Use of Electronic Offering Documents and Electronic Signatures (the Statement of Policy ), (4) will comply with such requirements in every U.S. jurisdiction irrespective of whether the jurisdiction has adopted the Statement of Policy, (5) acknowledges that it is acting as an agent of the Fund only with respect to the delivery of the Prospectus and Authorized Sales Materials electronically, the administration of the subscription process and the obtainment of electronic signatures and only to the extent its actions are in compliance with the Statement of Policy and the Intermediary Agreement and (6) will also comply, as applicable, with The Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and the Uniform Electronic Transaction Act and any other applicable law. 

(ii) 
 In consideration of the foregoing, the Managing Dealer hereby agrees that it will not reject a subscription on account of an electronic signature if such signature was obtained in the manner set forth in this Section 7e. 

19 of 33 

VIII. 
 License and Association Membership 

The Broker s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation to the Fund and the Managing Dealer that the Broker is a properly registered or licensed broker-dealer, duly authorized to sell Shares under federal and state securities laws and regulations, and foreign laws (including the laws of the jurisdictions listed on Schedule III ), if applicable, and in all states or jurisdictions where it offers or sells Shares, and that it is a member in good standing of FINRA. This Agreement shall automatically terminate if the Broker ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA. The Broker agrees to notify the Managing Dealer immediately if the Broker ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA. The Broker also hereby agrees to abide by the Rules of FINRA, including FINRA Rules 2040, 2111, 2121, 2310, 5110 and 5141. 

IX. 
 Limitation of Offer; Suitability 

The Broker will offer Shares (both at the time of an initial subscription and at the time of any additional subscription, including initial enrollments and increased participations in the DRIP) only to persons who meet the financial qualifications and suitability standards set forth in the Prospectus or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Fund or the Managing Dealer and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing by the Managing Dealer (as listed on Schedule III) that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required and in which the Broker has all required licenses and registrations to offer Shares in such jurisdictions. In offering Shares, the Broker will comply with the provisions of the Rules set forth in the FINRA Manual, Exchange Act Rule 15l-1 Regulation Best Interest ), as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Article III.C and Article III.E of the Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy of the North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. (the NASAA Guidelines adopted on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to relieve the Broker of its suitability obligations under Regulation Best Interest, FINRA Rule 2111 or FINRA Rule 2310. 
 
 The Broker further represents, warrants and covenants that neither Broker, nor any person associated with the Broker, shall offer or sell Shares in any jurisdiction except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment requirements under the most restrictive of the following: (a) applicable provisions described in the Prospectus, including minimum income and net worth standards; (b) applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident; (c) applicable provisions of Regulation Best Interest; or (d) applicable FINRA rules. The Broker agrees to ensure that, in recommending the purchase, sale or exchange of Shares to an investor, the Broker, or a person associated with the Broker, shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained from the investor (and thereafter maintained in the manner and for the period required by the SEC, any state securities commission, FINRA or the Fund) concerning his or her age, investment objectives, other investments, financial situation and needs and any other information known to the Broker, or person associated with the Broker, that (i) the investor can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the investor s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure, (ii) the investor is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the investor s overall financial situation and (iii) the investor has an apparent understanding of (A) the fundamental risks of the investment, (B) the risk that the investor may lose his or her entire investment in the Shares, (C) the lack of liquidity of the Shares, (D) the background and qualifications of the Advisor or the persons responsible for directing and managing the Fund and (E) the tax consequences of an investment in the Shares. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the suitability standards must be met by the person who directly or indirectly supplied the funds for the purchase of the Shares or by the beneficiary of such fiduciary account. The Broker further represents, warrants and covenants that the Broker, or a person associated with the Broker, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by the Broker, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained or accounts hereafter established. 
 The Broker will sell Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares only to the extent approved by the Managing Dealer as set forth on Schedule I to this Agreement, and only to those persons who are eligible to 
 20 of 33 
 
 purchase Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares as described in the Prospectus. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to impose upon the Fund or the Managing Dealer the responsibility of assuring that prospective investors meet the suitability standards in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Prospectus. The Broker shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of the Broker s customer and such customer s completed and executed Subscription Agreement. The Broker agrees to comply with the record-keeping requirements imposed by (a) federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, (b) the applicable rules of FINRA, and (c) the NASAA Guidelines, including the requirement to maintain records (the Suitability Records of the information used to determine that an investment in Shares is suitable and appropriate for each subscriber for a period of six (6) years from the date of the sale of the Shares. The Broker further agrees to make the Suitability Records available to the Managing Dealer and the Fund upon request and to make them available to representatives of the SEC and FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon the Broker s receipt of a subpoena or other appropriate document request from such agency. 
 The Broker further represents that it understands that the Shares have not been registered and are not expected to be registered under the laws of any country or jurisdiction outside of the United States except as otherwise described in the Prospectus. 

X. 
 Disclosure Review; Confidentiality of Information 

The Broker agrees that it shall have reasonable grounds to believe, based on the information made available to it through the Prospectus or other materials, that all material facts are adequately and accurately disclosed in the Prospectus and provide a basis for evaluating the Shares. In making this determination, the Broker shall evaluate, at a minimum, items of compensation, physical properties, tax aspects, financial stability and experience of the sponsor, conflicts of interest and risk factors, and appraisals and other pertinent reports. If the Broker relies upon the results of any inquiry conducted by another member or members of FINRA, the Broker shall have reasonable grounds to believe that such inquiry was conducted with due care, that the member or members conducting or directing the inquiry consented to the disclosure of the results of the inquiry and that the person who participated in or conducted the inquiry is not the Managing Dealer or a sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor of the Fund. 
 It is anticipated that (i) the Broker and the Broker s officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners, home office diligence personnel or other agents of the Broker that are conducting a due diligence inquiry on behalf of the Broker and (ii) persons or committees, as the case may be, responsible for determining whether the Broker will participate in the Offering ((i) and (ii) are collectively, the Diligence Representatives either have previously or will in the future have access to certain Confidential Information (defined below) pertaining to the Fund, the Managing Dealer, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include: (i) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Fund, the Managing Dealer, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates; (ii) confidential data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations, business plans, however documented, belonging to the Fund, the Managing Dealer, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates; (iii) information concerning the business and affairs of the Fund, the Managing Dealer, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, and market studies, however documented; (iv) any information marked or designated Confidential For Due Diligence Purposes Only and (v) any notes, analysis, compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. The Broker agrees to keep, and to cause its Diligence Representatives to keep, all such Confidential Information strictly confidential and to not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with the Broker s due diligence inquiry. The Broker agrees to not disclose, and to cause its Diligence Representatives not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or to the Broker s sales staff, financial advisors, or any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. The Broker further agrees to use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, but 
 21 of 33 
 
 not limited to (a) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of the Broker s due diligence inquiry and (b) informing each recipient of such Confidential Information of the Broker s confidentiality obligation. The Broker acknowledges that the Broker or its Diligence Representatives may previously have received Confidential Information in connection with preliminary due diligence on the Fund and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. The Broker acknowledges that the Broker or its Diligence Representatives may in the future receive Confidential Information either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Fund and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any Confidential Information received in the future through any source or medium. The Broker acknowledges the restrictions and limitations of Regulation FD promulgated by the SEC and agrees that the foregoing restrictions are necessary and appropriate in order for the Fund to comply therewith. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Fund or the Managing Dealer, (b) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (c) as required by regulation, rule, order or request of any governing or self-regulatory organization (including the SEC or FINRA), provided that the Broker shall notify the Managing Dealer in advance if practicable under the circumstances of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to provisions (b) and (c). 

XI. 
 Broker s Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Rules and Regulations 

The Broker hereby represents that it has complied and will comply with Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with broker/Brokers anti-money laundering obligations. The Broker hereby represents that it has adopted and implemented and will maintain a written anti-money laundering compliance program AML Program including, without limitation, anti-money laundering policies and procedures relating to customer identification in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including federal and state securities laws, applicable rules of FINRA, and the USA Patriot Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations and its AML Program, the Broker agrees to verify the identity of its new customers; to maintain customer records; and to check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including the Office of Foreign Asset Control s (OFAC) list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Additionally, the Broker will monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the USA Patriot Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing. The Broker will submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network any required suspicious activity reports about such activity and further will disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. Upon request by the Managing Dealer at any time, the Broker hereby agrees to furnish (a) a copy of its AML Program to the Managing Dealer for review, and (b) a copy of the findings and any remedial actions taken in connection with the Broker s most recent independent testing of its AML Program. The Broker agrees to notify the Managing Dealer immediately if the Broker is subject to a FINRA disclosure event or fine from FINRA related to its AML Program. 

XII. 
 Privacy 

The Broker agrees as follows: 
 The Broker agrees to abide by and comply in all respects with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLBA and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended FCRA ), and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. 
 The parties hereto acknowledge that from time to time, the Broker may share with the Fund and the Fund may share with the Broker nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLBA) of customers of the Broker. This nonpublic personal information may include, but is not limited to a customer s name, address, telephone number, social security number, account information and personal financial information. The Broker shall only be granted access to such nonpublic personal information of each of its customers that pertains to the 
 22 of 33 
 
 period or periods during which the Broker served as the broker of record for such customer s account. The Broker, the Managing Dealer and the Fund shall not disclose nonpublic personal information of any customers who have opted out of such disclosures, except (a) to service providers (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA), (b) to carry out the purposes for which one party discloses such nonpublic personal information to another party under this Agreement (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA), or (c) as otherwise required by applicable law. Any nonpublic personal information that one party receives from another party shall be subject to the limitations on usage described in this Section XII. Except as expressly permitted under the FCRA, the Broker agrees that it shall not disclose any information that would be considered a consumer report under the FCRA. 
 The Broker shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event Broker, the Managing Dealer or the Fund expects to use or disclose nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than as set forth in this Section XII, it must first consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The use or disclosure of any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures, except as set forth in this Section XII, shall be prohibited. 
 The Broker shall implement commercially reasonable measures in compliance with industry best practices designed: (a) to assure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic personal information of all customers; (b) to protect such information against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; (c) to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, such information that could result in material harm to any customer; (d) to protect against unauthorized disclosure of such information to unaffiliated third parties; and (e) to otherwise ensure its compliance with all applicable privacy standards and requirements of federal or state law (including, but not limited to, the GLBA), and any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. The Broker further agrees to cause all its agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, or any other party to whom Broker provides access to or discloses nonpublic personal information of customers to implement appropriate measures designed to meet the objectives set forth in this Section XII. 

XIII. 
 Broker s Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in the Shares 

The Broker acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and repurchase of the Shares, which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. The Broker also acknowledges that the Repurchase Plan provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares purchased by the Fund and that the Fund s board of trustees may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Repurchase Plan at any time in accordance with the terms of the Repurchase Plan. The Broker hereby agrees that so long as the Fund is offering Shares under a Registration Statement filed with the SEC and the Fund has not listed the Shares on a national securities exchange, the Broker will not engage in any action or transaction that would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Managing Dealer. 

XIV. 
 Arbitration 

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered in accordance with the then current commercial arbitration rules of FINRA in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including the governing law provisions of this Agreement and pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 16). The parties will request that the arbitrator or arbitration panel Arbitrator issue written findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Arbitrator shall not be empowered to make any award or render any judgment for punitive damages, and the Arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law in construing this Agreement, making awards, and rendering judgments. The decision of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding, and judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will be held at the Boston, Massachusetts FINRA District 
 23 of 33 
 
 Office or at another mutually agreed upon site. The parties may agree on a single arbitrator, or, if the parties cannot so agree, each party will have the right to choose one arbitrator, and the selected arbitrators will choose a third arbitrator. Each arbitrator must have experience and education that qualify him or her to competently address the specific issues to be designated for arbitration. Notwithstanding the preceding, no party will be prevented from immediately seeking provisional remedies in courts of competent jurisdiction, including but not limited to, temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, but such remedies will not be sought as a means to avoid or stay arbitration. 

XV. 
 Termination and Amendment 

The Broker will suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Fund or the Managing Dealer at any time and will resume its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Fund or the Managing Dealer. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written notice. Such termination shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after the mailing of such notice. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto. 
 This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Managing Dealer by written notice to the Broker, and any such amendment shall be deemed accepted by the Broker upon placement of an order for sale of Shares by such Broker s customer after the Broker has received such notice. 
 This Agreement with respect to any Rule 12b-1 Plan, will continue in effect for one year from its effective date, and thereafter will continue automatically for successive annual periods; provided, however, that such continuance is subject to termination, at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Fund s trustees who are not interested persons, as defined in the 1940 Act, of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Fund s distribution Plan or this Agreement or by vote a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund, on not more than 60 days written notice to the Managing Dealer or the Advisor. This Agreement, other than with respect to a Plan, will continue in effect from year to year after its effective date, unless terminated as provided herein. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 In the event that (i) an application for a protective decree under the provision of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 is filed against the Broker; (ii) the Broker files a petition in bankruptcy or a petition seeking similar relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar law, or a proceeding is commenced against the Broker seeking such relief; or (iii) the Broker is found by the SEC, the FINRA, or any other federal or state regulatory agency or authority to have violated any applicable federal or state law, rule or regulation arising out of its activities as a broker/dealer or in connection with this Agreement, this Agreement will terminate effective immediately upon the Managing Dealer giving notice of termination to the Broker. The Broker agrees to notify the Managing Dealer promptly and to immediately suspend sales of Fund Shares in the event of any such filing or violation, or in the event that the Broker ceases to be a member in good standing of the FINRA. 
 The respective agreements and obligations of the Managing Dealer and the Broker set forth in Sections IV, VI, VII, and XIII through XIX of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 

XVI. 
 Use of Fund and Fidelity Names 

The Broker must obtain prior written authorization of the Managing Dealer prior to the use of any name or identifying marks of the Fund, the Managing Dealer, or Fidelity (or any combination or derivation thereof, including any name adopted in the future). To the extent such prior written authorization is provided, the respective Fidelity parties reserve the right to withdraw their consent to the use of the Fund s or Fidelity s name or mark at any time and to request to review any materials generated by the Broker that use the Fund s or Fidelity s name or mark. Any such consent is expressly subject to the continuation of this Agreement and shall terminate with the termination of this Agreement as provided herein. 
 24 of 33 

XVII. 
 Notice 

Notices and other writings contemplated by this Agreement shall be delivered via (i) hand, (ii) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier, or (iv) electronic mail. All such notices shall be addressed, as follows: 

If to the Managing Dealer: 
 
 Fidelity Distributors Company LLC Attn: Contracts Management 900 Salem Street, O2SN Smithfield, Rhode Island 02917 

If to the Advisor: 
 
 Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC Attn: Chief Legal Officer 245 Summer Street Boston, Massachusetts 02210 

If to the Fund: 
 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund c/o Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC 245 Summer Street Boston, Massachusetts 02210 

If to the Broker: 
 
 [ ] [ ] [ ] 

XVIII. 
 Attorney s Fees and Applicable Law 

In any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorney s fees. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Massachusetts and shall take effect when signed by the Broker and countersigned by the Managing Dealer. Venue for any action (including arbitration) shall lie exclusively in Massachusetts. 

XIX. 
 No Partnership 

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to constitute the Broker as an employee, agent or representative of, or in association with or in partnership with, the Managing Dealer, the Fund or the other Brokers; instead, this Agreement shall only constitute the Broker as a Broker authorized by the Managing Dealer to sell the Shares according to the terms set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented and in this Agreement. 

XX. 
 Changes; Amendments 

Except as specifically provided in this Section XX, this Agreement may be changed or amended only by written instrument signed by all parties. 
 
 In the event of a change in law, regulation or other regulatory guidance which affects this Agreement, the Broker authorizes the Managing Dealer to amend this Agreement in order to comply with the requirements of any such law, regulation or other regulatory guidance. The Broker agrees that such amendment shall 
 25 of 33 
 
 automatically become effective upon the execution of the first transaction the Broker or its Customer executes with the Fund thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of the amendment (or sooner, if required to comply with applicable law and that the amendment shall not require the signature of the Broker in order to be effective). 

XXI. 
 Entire Agreement 

This Agreement (including any Schedules and Exhibits hereto) are the entire agreement of the parties and supersede all prior agreements, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof between the parties hereto. 

XXII. 
 Successors and Assigns 

This Agreement shall be binding upon the Managing Dealer, the Advisor and the Broker and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

XXIII. 
 Severability . 

The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision was omitted. 

XXIV. 
 Counterparts. 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement, including all exhibits. Each party may execute this Agreement by applying an electronic signature using DocuSign or any similar electronic signature program and acknowledges, agrees and confirms that the use of such an electronic signature program (a) shall result in a reliable and valid delivery of such party s signature to this Agreement; and (b) shall constitute reasonable steps on the part of the other party to this Agreement to verify the reliability of such signature. 
 
 [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. THE SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.] 
 
 26 of 33 

THE MANAGING DEALER: 

FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORSION COMPANY LLC 

Date: 

THE BROKER: 

(Broker s Firm Name) 

By: 

Signature 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

27 of 33 
 
 SCHEDULE I 
 ADDENDUM 
 TO 
 SELECTED INTERMEDIARY AGREEMENT WITH 
 FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY LLC 

Name of Broker: 

The following reflects the transaction or other fee arrangements and shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees as agreed upon between Fidelity Distributors Company LLC (the Managing Dealer and the Broker, effective as of the effective date of the Selected Intermediary Agreement (the Agreement between the Managing Dealer and the Broker in connection with the offering of Shares of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 
 Brokerage Transaction Fee 
 The Broker may charge a transaction or other fee, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, on sales of Shares, as set forth in Share Class Election below, to the extent the Prospectus discloses that such brokerage commissions or fees may be charged for the relevant class of Shares. The Broker represents that the Broker is acting solely as an agent for its customers with respect to their purchase or sale of Shares and is not acting for the Broker s own account. Any transaction or other fee, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, charged by the Broker in connection with its sale of Shares will be charged in a manner consistent with the Prospectus and applicable law and FINRA rules. Purchases and sales of such Shares may only be executed as purchases or repurchases between the customer and the Fund. The Broker shall not execute trades of Shares between customers. 
 Terms and Conditions of the Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees. 
 The payment of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee to the Broker is subject to terms and conditions set forth herein and the Prospectus as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. If the Broker elects to sell Class S shares and/or Class D shares, eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee with respect to the Class S shares and/or Class D shares, as applicable, sold by the Broker is conditioned upon the Broker acting as broker of record with respect to such Shares and complying with the requirements set forth below, including providing shareholder and account maintenance services with respect to such Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, such services are non-distribution services, other than those primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares. 
 (i) the existence of an effective Selected Intermediary Agreement or ongoing Servicing Agreement between the Managing Dealer and the Broker, and 
 (ii) the provision of the following services with respect to the Class S shares and/or Class D shares, as applicable, by the Broker: 
 1. assistance with recordkeeping, including maintaining records for and on behalf of the Broker s customers reflecting transactions and balances of Shares owned, 
 
 2. answering investor inquiries regarding the Fund, including distribution payments and reinvestments, 
 3. helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and 
 28 of 33 
 
 4. facilitating tender offer requests. 
 The Broker hereby represents by its acceptance of each payment of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee that it complies with each of the above requirements and is providing the above-described services. 
 Subject to the conditions described herein and the prospectus, the Managing Dealer will reallow to the Broker the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on Class S shares or Class D shares, as applicable, sold by the Broker. To the extent payable, the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee will be payable monthly in arrears as provided in the Prospectus. All determinations regarding the total amount and rate of reallowance of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee, the Broker s compliance with the listed conditions, and/or the portion retained by the Managing Dealer will be made by the Managing Dealer in its sole discretion. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Prospectus, at such time as the Broker is no longer the intermediary of record with respect to such Class S or Class D shares or the Broker no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions set forth above, then the Broker s entitlement to the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee related to such Class S and/or Class D shares, as applicable, shall cease in, and the Broker shall not receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee for, that month or any portion thereof (i.e., shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are payable with respect to an entire month without any proration). Intermediary transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. 
 Thereafter, such shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee may be reallowed to the then-current intermediaries of record of the Class S and/or Class D shares, as applicable, if any such intermediary of record has been designated (the Servicing Broker ), to the extent such Servicing Broker has entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement with the Managing Dealer and such Selected Intermediary Agreement provides for such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Managing Dealer in good faith in its sole discretion. The Broker is not entitled to any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee with respect to Class I shares. 
 Unless otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, at the end of the month in which the Managing Dealer in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees paid with respect to any single share held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share (or a lower limit as determined by the Managing Dealer or the Broker), the Managing Dealer shall cease receiving the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on either (i) each such share that would exceed such limit or (ii) all Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account, in the Managing Dealer s discretion. At the end of such month, the applicable Class S shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Class S or Class D shares. 
 
 In addition, the Fund and the Managing Dealer will cease paying the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on Class S shares and Class D shares in connection with an Offering upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Fund with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets, or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of such Offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with such Offering, including transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to ten percent (10 of the gross proceeds from Primary Shares sold in such Offering. For purposes of this Schedule I , the portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee accruing with respect to Class S and Class D shares of the Fund s common shares issued (publicly or privately) by the Fund during the term of a particular Offering, and not issued pursuant to a prior Offering, shall be underwriting compensation with respect to such particular Offering and not with respect to any other Offering. 
 29 of 33 
 
 General 
 Shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees due to the Broker pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to the Broker within [30 days] after receipt by the Managing Dealer. The Broker, in its sole discretion, may authorize Managing Dealer to deposit shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If the Broker so elects, the Broker shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule II to this Agreement. 
 The parties hereby agree that the foregoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee are not in excess of the usual and customary distributors or sellers commission received in the sale of securities similar to the Primary Shares, that the Broker s interest in the Offering is limited to such shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee from the Managing Dealer and the Broker s indemnity referred to in Section 4 of the Managing Dealer Agreement, and that the Fund is not liable or responsible for the direct payment of such shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee to the Broker. 
 Except as otherwise described under Brokerage Transaction Fee above, the Broker waives any and all rights to receive compensation, including the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee, until it is paid to and received by the Managing Dealer. The Broker acknowledges and agrees that, if the Fund pays shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the Managing Dealer, the Fund is relieved of any obligation for shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the Broker. The Fund may rely on and use the preceding acknowledgement as a defense against any claim by the Broker for shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees the Fund pays to Managing Dealer but that Managing Dealer fails to remit to Broker. The Broker affirms that the Managing Dealer s liability for the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is limited solely to the proceeds of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee receivable from the Fund and the Broker hereby waives any and all rights to receive any reallowance of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due until such time as the Managing Dealer is in receipt of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee from the Fund. Notwithstanding the above, the Broker affirms that, to the extent that the Broker retains transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, as described above under Brokerage Transaction Fee, neither the Fund nor the Managing Dealer shall have liability for such brokerage commission or other transaction based fee payable to the Broker, and the Broker is solely responsible for retaining the brokerage commissions or other similar transaction based fees due to the Broker from the subscription funds received by the Broker from its customers for the purchase of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Broker will not be entitled to receive any transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, or shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee which would cause the aggregate amount of transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, transaction based fees, shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees and other forms of underwriting compensation (as defined in accordance with applicable FINRA rules) paid from any source in connection with this Offering to exceed ten percent (10 of the gross proceeds raised from the sale of Shares in the Offering. 
 The Broker shall furnish Managing Dealer and the Fund with such information as shall reasonably be requested by the Fund with respect to the fees paid to the Broker pursuant to this Schedule I, and the Broker shall notify Managing Dealer if the Broker is not eligible to receive transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees at the time of purchase. 
 Due Diligence 
 In addition, as set forth in the Prospectus, the Managing Dealer or, in certain cases at the option of the Fund, the Fund, will pay or reimburse the Broker for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by the Broker in connection with the Offering. Such due diligence expenses may include customary travel, lodging, meals and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Broker and its personnel when visiting the Fund s offices verify information relating to the Fund. The Broker shall provide a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses and shall obtain the prior written approval from the Managing Dealer for 
 30 of 33 
 
 such expenses, and no such expenses shall be reimbursed absent a detailed and itemized invoice being sent to the Managing Dealer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such payment will be made if such payment would cause the aggregate of such reimbursements to the Broker and other brokers, together with all other organization and offering expenses, defined under Omnibus Guidelines and FINRA rules, to exceed ten percent (10 and fifteen percent (15 of the Fund s gross proceeds from the Offering. All such reimbursements will be made in accordance with, and subject to the restrictions and limitations imposed under the Prospectus, FINRA rules and other applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed as of the date first written above. 

MANAGING DEALER 

FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BROKER 

(Print Name of Broker) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

31 of 33 
 
 SCHEDULE II 
 TO 
 SELECTED INTERMEDIARY AGREEMENT WITH 
 FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY LLC 
 
 NAME OF ISSUER : [ ] 
 NAME OF BROKER : [ ] 
 SCHEDULE TO AGREEMENT DATED : 
 The Broker hereby authorizes the Managing Dealer or its agent to deposit shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee and other payments due to it pursuant to the Selected Intermediary Agreement to its bank account specified below. This authority will remain in force until the Broker notifies the Managing Dealer in writing to cancel it. In the event that the Managing Dealer deposits funds erroneously into the Broker s account, the Managing Dealer is authorized to debit the account with no prior notice to the Broker for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit. 
 Bank Name: 
 Bank Address: 
 Bank Routing Number: 
 Account Number: 

BROKER 

(Print Name of Broker) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

32 of 33 

SCHEDULE III 
 TO 
 SELECTED INTERMEDIARY AGREEMENT WITH 
 FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY LLC 

Every United States state or jurisdiction, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed as of the date first written above. 

MANAGING DEALER 

FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BROKER 

(Print Name of Broker) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

33 of 33 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 9
 ck0001920453-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.5 
 DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 
 Effective March 13, 2023 
 This Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the Plan is adopted by Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ). 
 1. Distribution Reinvestment . As agent for the shareholders (the Shareholders of the Fund who (i) purchase Class S shares, Class D shares, or Class I shares of the Fund s common shares of beneficial interest (collectively the Shares pursuant to the Fund s continuous public offering (the Offering ), or (ii) purchase Shares pursuant to any future offering of the Fund, and who do not opt out of participating in the Plan (or, in the case of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington investors and clients of participating broker-dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in the Plan, who opt to participate in the Plan) (the Participants ), the Fund will apply all dividends and other distributions declared and paid in respect of the Shares held by each Participant and attributable to the class of Shares purchased by such Participant (the Distributions ), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional Shares acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Shares of the same class for such Participant. 

2. Effective Date . The effective date of this Plan shall be the date that the minimum offering requirements are met in connection with the Offering and the escrowed subscription proceeds are released to the Fund. 

3. Procedure for Participation . Any Shareholder (unless such Shareholder is a resident of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont or Washington or is a client of a participating broker-dealer that does not permit automatic enrollment in the Plan) who has received a Prospectus, as contained in the Fund s registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), will automatically become a Participant unless they elect not to become a Participant by noting such election on their subscription agreement. Any Shareholder who is a resident of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont or Washington or is a client of a participating broker-dealer that does not permit automatic enrollment in the Plan who has received a Prospectus, as contained in the Fund s registration statement filed with the SEC, will become a Participant if they elect to become a Participant by noting such election on their subscription agreement. If any Shareholder initially elects not to be a Participant, they may later become a Participant by subsequently completing and executing an enrollment form or any appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Fund or Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company LLC (the Plan Administrator ). Participation in the Plan will begin with the next Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares will be purchased under the Plan as of the first calendar day of the month (the Purchase Date following the record date of the Distribution. 

4. Suitability . Each Participant is requested to promptly notify the Fund in writing if the Participant experiences a material change in his or her financial condition, including the failure to meet the income, net worth and investment concentration standards imposed by such Participant s state of residence and set forth in the Fund s most recent prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, this request in no way shifts to the Participant the responsibility of the Fund s sponsor, or any other person selling shares on behalf of the Fund to the Participant to make every reasonable effort to determine that the purchase of Shares is a suitable and appropriate investment based on information provided by such Participant. 

1 
 
 5. Purchase of Shares . 

a. The Fund shall use newly-issued shares of its Shares to implement the Plan. The number of newly-issued shares to be issued to a Shareholder shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such Shareholder by a price equal to the net asset value per share of the applicable class as of the Purchase Date. Shares issued pursuant to the Plan will have the same voting rights as Shares issued pursuant to the Offering. The Fund shall pay the Plan Administrator s fees under the Plan. 

b. No upfront selling commissions will be payable with respect to shares purchased pursuant to the Plan, but such shares will be subject to ongoing distributor and/or shareholder servicing fees. Participants in the Plan may purchase fractional Shares so that 100 of the Distributions will be used to acquire Shares. 

6. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this Plan shall be in writing and addressed to the Plan Administrator by email at alternatives@fmr.com, if to the Plan Administrator, or such other addresses as may be specified by written notice to all Participants. Notices to a Participant may be given by email to the Participant s last email address of record with the Fund. Each Participant shall notify the Fund promptly in writing of any change of email address. 

7. Taxes . THE REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS DOES NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY THAT MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DISTRIBUTIONS. INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL INCOME TAX LIABILITY OF PARTICIPANTS MAY BE FOUND IN THE PUBLIC FILINGS MADE BY THE FUND WITH THE SEC. 

8. Share Certificates . The ownership of the Shares purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form unless and until the Fund issues certificates for its outstanding Shares. 

9. Termination by Participant . A Participant may terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering notice to the Plan Administrator. Such notice must be received by the Plan Administrator five business days in advance of the first calendar day of the next month in order for a Participant s termination to be effective for such month. Any transfer of Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to the transferred Shares. If a participant elects to tender its Common Shares in full, any Shares issued to the participant under the Plan subsequent to the expiration of the tender offer will be considered part of the participant s prior tender, and participant s participation in the Plan will be terminated as of the valuation date of the applicable tender offer. Any distributions to be paid to such shareholder on or after such date will be paid in cash on the scheduled distribution payment date. Upon termination of Plan participation for any reason, future Distributions will be distributed to the Shareholder in cash. 

10. Amendment, Suspension or Termination by the Fund . The Board of Trustees may by majority vote amend any aspect of the Plan; provided that the Plan cannot be amended to eliminate a Participant s right to terminate participation in the Plan and that notice of any material amendment must be provided to Participants at least 10 business days prior to the effective date of that amendment. The Board of Trustees may by majority vote suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon 10 business days written notice to the Participants. 

2 
 
 11. Liability of the Fund . The Fund shall not be liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability (i) arising out of failure to terminate a Participant s account upon such Participant s death prior to timely receipt of notice in writing of such death or (ii) with respect to the time and the prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for a Participant s account. To the extent that indemnification may apply to liabilities arising under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of a particular state, the Fund has been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC and certain state securities commissioners, such indemnification is contrary to public policy and, therefore, unenforceable. 

12. Applicable Law . These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 10
 ck0001920453-ex10_6.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.6 
 DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICE PLAN 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund: 
 Class S and Class D Shares 
 1. This Distribution and Service Plan (the Plan ), when effective in accordance with its terms, shall be the written Plan contemplated by Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act for the Class S and Class D Shares (each a Class of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ). 
 2. The Fund has entered into a Managing Dealer Agreement on behalf of the Fund with Fidelity Distributors Company LLC (the Distributor ), an affiliate of the Fund s investment adviser (the Adviser ), under which the Distributor uses all reasonable efforts, consistent with its other business, to secure purchasers for the Fund s Shares of beneficial interest Shares ). Such efforts may include, but neither are required to include nor are limited to, the following: (1) formulation and implementation of marketing and promotional activities, such as mail promotions and television, radio, newspaper, magazine and other mass media advertising; (2) preparation, printing and distribution of sales literature; (3) preparation, printing and distribution of prospectuses of the Fund and reports to recipients other than the existing shareholders of the Fund; (4) obtaining such information, analyses and reports with respect to marketing and promotional activities as the Distributor may, from time to time, deem advisable; (5) making payments to securities dealers and others engaged in the sale of Shares or who engage in shareholder support services Investment Professionals ); and (6) providing training, marketing and support to such dealers with respect to the sale of Shares. 
 3. In consideration for the services provided and the expenses incurred by the Distributor pursuant to the Managing Dealer Agreement and paragraph 2 hereof, each Class shall pay to the Distributor the fees listed on Appendix A (or such lesser amount as the Trustees may, from time to time, determine). The amount of the fee payable with respect to each Class listed on Appendix A will be calculated at the rate per annum of the aggregate NAV as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable month, payable monthly in arrears, at the applicable annual rates indicated on Appendix A. The determination of net assets shall be computed in the manner specified in the Fund s then current Prospectus. The Distributor may use all or any portion of the distribution fee received pursuant to the Plan to compensate Investment Professionals who have engaged in the sale of Class S or Class D Shares or in shareholder support services with respect to Class S or Class D Shares pursuant to agreements with the Distributor, or to pay any of the expenses associated with other activities authorized under paragraph 2 hereof. 
 4. Separate from any payments made as described in paragraph 3 hereof, Class S or Class D shall also pay to the Distributor a service fee listed on Appendix A (or such lesser amount as the Trustees, may from time to time, determine). The amount of the service fee payable with respect to each Class listed on Appendix A will be calculated at the rate per annum of the aggregate NAV as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable month, payable monthly in arrears, at the applicable annual rates indicated on Appendix A. The determination of net assets shall be made in the manner specified in the Fund s then current Prospectus for the determination of the net asset value of Class S or Class D Shares, but shall exclude assets attributable to any other class of Shares of the Fund. In accordance with such terms as the Trustees may from time to time establish, the Distributor may use all or a portion of such service fees to compensate Investment Professionals for personal service and/or the maintenance of shareholder accounts, or for other services for which service fees lawfully may be paid in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 
 5. The Fund and/or Class S and Class D will pay a management fee to the Adviser pursuant to an advisory agreement between the Fund and the Adviser (the Management Contract ). It is recognized that the Adviser may use its revenues, including management fees paid by the Fund and/or Class S or Class D (if any), as well as its past profits or its resources from any other source, to make payment to the Distributor with respect to any expenses incurred in connection with the distribution of Class S or Class D Shares, including the activities referred to in paragraph 2 hereof. To the extent that any payments made by the Fund and/or Class S or Class D to the Adviser, including payment of management fees (if any), should be deemed to be indirect financing of any activity primarily intended to result in the sale of Class S or Class D Shares within the meaning of Rule 12b-1, then such payments shall be deemed to be authorized by this Plan. 
 6. This Plan shall become effective upon approval by a vote of a majority of the Trustees of the Fund, including a majority of Trustees who are not interested persons of the Fund (as defined in the 1940 Act) and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Plan or in any agreements related to this Plan (the Independent Trustees ), cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on this Plan (to the extent required by the 1940 Act). 
 1 of 3 

7. This Plan shall, unless terminated as hereinafter provided, remain in effect until August 7, 2023, and from year to year thereafter, provided, however, that such continuance is subject to approval annually by a vote of a majority of the Trustees of the Fund, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on this Plan (to the extent required by the 1940 Act). This Plan may be amended at any time by the Board of Trustees, provided that (a) any amendment to increase materially the fee provided for in paragraphs 3 and 4 hereof shall be effective only upon approval by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of Class S or Class D and (b) any material amendments of this Plan shall be effective only upon approval in the manner provided in the first sentence in this paragraph 7. 
 8. This Plan may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Independent Trustees or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of Class S or Class D, respectively. 
 9. During the existence of this Plan, the Fund shall require the Adviser and/or Distributor to provide the Fund, for review by the Trustees, and the Trustees shall review, at least quarterly, a written report of the amounts expended in connection with financing any activity primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares of Class S and Class D (making estimates of such costs where necessary or desirable) and the purposes for which such expenditures were made. 
 10. This Plan does not require the Adviser or Distributor to perform any specific type or level of distribution activities or to incur any specific level of expenses for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Class S or Class D Shares. 
 11. Consistent with the limitation of shareholder liability as set forth in the Trust s Declaration of Trust or other organizational document, any obligation assumed by Class S or Class D pursuant to this Plan and any agreements related to this Plan shall be limited in all cases to Class S or Class D and its assets and shall not constitute an obligation of any shareholder of the Fund or of any other class of the Fund. 
 12. If any provision of this Plan shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of the Plan shall not be affected thereby. 
 
 2 of 3 
 
 Appendix A 

Class of Shares 
 
 Shareholder Servicing (As a percentage of average net assets) 

Distribution Fee (As a percentage of average net assets) 

Class S Shares 

.25 

.60 

Class D Shares 

.25 

none 

3 of 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 11
 ck0001920453-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.7 
 DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICE PLAN 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 Class I Shares 
 1. This Distribution and Service Plan (the Plan ), when effective in accordance with its terms, shall be the written Plan contemplated by Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Act for the Class I Class I Shares of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ). 
 2. The Fund has entered into a Managing Dealer Agreement on behalf of the Fund with Fidelity Distributors Company LLC (the Distributor ), an affiliate of the Fund s investment adviser (the Adviser ), under which the Distributor uses all reasonable efforts, consistent with its other business, to secure purchasers for the Fund s Shares of beneficial interest Shares ). Under the agreement, the Distributor pays the expenses of printing and distributing any prospectuses, reports, and other literature used by the Distributor, advertising, and other promotional activities in connection with the offering of Shares of the Fund for sale to the public. It is recognized that the Adviser may use its revenues, including management fees paid by the Fund and/or Class I (if any), as well as its past profits or its resources from any other source, to make payment to the Distributor with respect to any expenses incurred in connection with the distribution of Class I Shares, including the activities referred to above. 
 3. The Adviser directly, or through the Distributor, may, subject to the approval of the Trustees, make payments to securities dealers and other third parties who engage in the sale of Class I Shares or who render shareholder support services, including but not limited to providing office space, equipment and telephone facilities, answering routine inquiries regarding the Fund, processing shareholder transactions and providing such other shareholder services as the Fund may reasonably request. 
 4. Class I will not make separate payments as a result of this Plan to the Adviser, Distributor or any other party, it being recognized that the Fund and/or Class I presently pays, and will continue to pay, a management fee to the Adviser. To the extent that any payments made by the Fund and/or Class I to the Adviser, including payment of management fees (if any), should be deemed to be indirect financing of any activity primarily intended to result in the sale of Class I Shares within the meaning of Rule 12b-1, then such payments shall be deemed to be authorized by this Plan. 
 5. This Plan shall become effective upon the approval by a vote of a majority of the Trustees of the Fund, including a majority of Trustees who are not interested persons of the Fund (as defined in the Act) and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Plan or in any agreements related to this Plan (the Independent Trustees ), cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on this Plan (to the extent required by the 1940 Act). 
 6. This Plan shall, unless terminated as hereinafter provided, remain in effect until August 7, 2023, and from year to year thereafter, provided, however, that such continuance is subject to approval annually by a vote of a majority of the Trustees of the Fund, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on this Plan (to the extent required by the 1940 Act). This Plan may be amended at any time by the Board of Trustees, provided that (a) any amendment to authorize direct payments by Class I to finance any activity primarily intended to result in the sale of Class I Shares, to increase materially the amount spent by Class I for distribution, shall be effective only upon approval by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of Class I and (b) any material amendments of this Plan shall be effective only upon approval in the manner provided in the first sentence in this paragraph 6. 
 7. This Plan may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Independent Trustees or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of Class I. 
 8. During the existence of this Plan, the Fund shall require the Adviser and/or Distributor to provide the Fund, for review by the Trustees, and the Trustees shall review, at least quarterly, a written report of the amounts expended in connection with financing any activity primarily intended to result in the sale of Class I Shares (making estimates of such costs where necessary or desirable) and the purposes for which such expenditures were made. 
 9. This Plan does not require the Adviser or Distributor to perform any specific type or level of distribution activities or to incur any specific level of expenses for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Class I Shares. 
 1 of 2 
 
 10. Consistent with the limitation of shareholder liability as set forth in the Fund s Declaration of Trust or other organizational document, any obligation assumed by Class I pursuant to this Plan and any agreements related to this Plan shall be limited in all cases to Class I and its assets and shall not constitute an obligation of any shareholder of the Fund or of any other class of the Fund, series of the Fund or class of such series. 
 11. If any provision of this Plan shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of the Plan shall not be affected thereby. 
 2 of 2 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 12
 ck0001920453-ex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.9 
 Multiple Class of Shares Plan 
 for 
 Fidelity Business Development Companies 
 Dated August 2022 
 	This Multiple Class of Shares Plan (the Plan ), when effective in accordance with its provisions, shall be the written plan contemplated by Rule 18f-3 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act for the funds listed on Schedule I to the Plan (the Funds ). The Funds are closed-end management investment companies that have elected or will elect to be regulated as a business development companies under the 1940 Act and will comply with the provisions of Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act as though such rule applied to business development companies. 
 1. Classes Offered . Each Fund may offer up to three classes of its shares: Class S, Class D, and Class I. 
 2. Distribution and Shareholder Service Fees . Distribution fees and/or shareholder service fees shall be calculated and paid in accordance with the terms of the then-effective plan pursuant to Rule 12b-l under the 1940 Act for the applicable class. Distribution and shareholder service fees currently authorized are as set forth in Schedule I to this Plan. 
 3. Conversion Privileges . Class S and Class D shares will be converted into Class I shares of the Fund if the total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees paid would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares as set forth in the Fund s prospectus (together with the Fund s statement of additional information as from time to time in effect, the Prospectus ). 
 	All conversions pursuant to this section 3 shall be made on the basis of the relative net asset values of the two classes, without the imposition of any sales load, fee, or other charge. 
 4. Exchange Privileges . Shares of one Class may be exchanged, at the shareholder s option, for Shares of another class of the Fund (an intra-Fund exchange ), if and to the extent an applicable intra-Fund exchange privilege is disclosed in the Fund s Prospectus and subject to the terms and conditions (including the imposition or waiver of any sales load, repurchase fee or early withdrawal charge) set forth in the Prospectus, provided that the shareholder requesting the intra-Fund exchange meets the eligibility requirements of the Class into which such shareholder seeks to exchange. 
 5. Allocations . Income, gain, loss and expenses shall be allocated under this Plan as follows: 
 A. Class Expenses: The following expenses shall be allocated exclusively to the applicable specific class of shares: (i) distribution and shareholder service fees; and (ii) transfer agent fees. 
 B. Fund Income, Gain, Loss and Expenses: Income, gain, loss and expenses not allocated to specific classes as specified above shall be charged to the Fund and allocated to each class in a manner consistent with Rule 18f-3(c)(1)(i). 
 6. Voting Rights . Each class of shares governed by this Plan (i) shall have exclusive voting rights on any matter submitted to shareholders that relates solely to its arrangement; and (ii) shall have separate voting rights on any matter submitted to shareholders in which the interests of one class differ from the interests of any other class. 
 1 of 3 
 
 7. Effective Date of Plan . This Plan shall become effective upon approval by a vote of at least a majority of the Trustees of the Fund, and a majority of the Trustees of the Fund who are not interested persons of the Fund, which vote shall have found that this Plan as proposed to be adopted, including expense allocations, is in the best interests of each class individually and of the Fund as a whole; or upon such other date as the Trustees shall determine. 
 8. Amendment of Plan . Any material amendment to this Plan shall become effective upon approval by a vote of at least a majority of the Trustees of the Fund, and a majority of the Trustees of the Fund who are not interested persons of the Fund, which vote shall have found that this Plan as proposed to be amended, including expense allocations, is in the best interests of each class individually and of the Fund as a whole; or upon such other date as the Trustees shall determine. 
 9. Severability . If any provision of this Plan shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of the Plan shall not be affected thereby. 
 10. Limitation of Liability . Consistent with the limitation of shareholder liability as set forth in each Fund s Declaration of Trust or other organizational document, any obligations assumed by any Fund or class thereof, and any agreements related to this Plan shall be limited in all cases to the relevant Fund and its assets, or class and its assets, as the case may be, and shall not constitute obligations of any other Fund or class of shares. All persons having any claim against a Fund, or any class thereof, arising in connection with this Plan, are expressly put on notice of such limitation of shareholder liability, and agree that any such claim shall be limited in all cases to the relevant Fund and its assets, or class and its assets, as the case may be, and such person shall not seek satisfaction of any such obligation from the shareholders or any shareholder of the Fund or class; nor shall such person seek satisfaction of any such obligation from the Trustees or any individual Trustee of the Fund. 
 
 2 of 3 
 
 BDCs 
 SCHEDULE I, DATED AUGUST 2022 , TO MULTIPLE CLASS OF SHARES PLAN FOR FIDELITY BDCs WITH CLASS S, CLASS D, AND CLASS I SHARES 
 
 fIDELITY Private Credit FUND	 

FUND/CLASSES OFFERED 
 SALES CHARGE 1 
 DISTRIBUTION FEE (as a percentage of average net assets) 
 SHAREHOLDER SERVICE FEE (as a percentage of average net assets) 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund: 

Class S 
 none 
 .60 
 .25 

Class D 
 none 
 none 
 .25 

Class I 
 none 
 none 
 none 

1. No upfront sales load will be paid with respect to Class S shares, Class D shares or Class I shares; however, if shareholders buy Class S shares or Class D shares through certain financial intermediaries, the financial intermediary may directly charge shareholders transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as the financial intermediary may determine, provided that the financial intermediary limit such charges to a 3.50 cap on NAV for Class S shares and a 1.50 cap on NAV for Class D shares. 

3 of 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 13
 ck0001920453-ex10_10.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.10 
 EXPENSE SUPPORT AND CONDITIONAL REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Agreement is made this 23 rd day of September, 2022, by and between Fidelity Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). 
 WHEREAS, the Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ); 
 WHEREAS, the Fund has retained the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Fund on the terms and conditions set forth in the investment advisory agreement, dated September 23, 2022, entered between the Fund and the Adviser, as may be amended or restated (the Investment Advisory Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, the Fund and the Adviser have determined that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Fund that the Adviser (i) shall pay a portion of the Fund s Other Operating Expenses (as defined below) to the effect that such expenses do not exceed 0.70 (on annualized basis) of the Fund s net asset value, and (ii) may elect to pay an additional portion of the Fund s expenses from time to time, which the Fund will be obligated to reimburse to the Adviser at a later date if certain conditions are met. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Adviser Expense Payments to the Fund 
 (a)	For the 12 month period commencing as of the date of this Agreement, the Adviser shall pay on a monthly basis Other Operating Expenses of the Fund on the Fund s behalf (each such payment, a Required Expense Payment such that Other Operating Expenses of the Fund do not exceed 0.70 (on annualized basis) of the Fund s net asset value. For purposes of this Agreement, Other Operating Expenses means the Fund s organization and offering expenses, professional fees (including accounting, legal, and auditing fees), custodian and transfer agent fees, third party valuation agent fees, insurance costs, trustee fees, Administration Fees (as defined in the Fund s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (the Registration Statement ), and other general and administrative expenses. 
 (b) 	Upon the termination of Adviser s obligation to make Required Expense Payments, the Adviser may elect to pay, at such times as the Adviser determines, certain expenses of the Fund on the Fund s behalf (each such payment, a Voluntary Expense Payment and together with a Required Expense Payment, the Expense Payments ). In making a Voluntary Expense Payment, the Adviser will designate, as it deems necessary or advisable, what type of expense it is paying (including, whether it is paying organizational or offering expenses); provided that no portion of a Voluntary Expense Payment will be used to pay any interest expense or shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees of the Fund. 
 (c) 	The Adviser s obligation to make a Required Expense Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Adviser and the Fund s right to receive a Required Expense Payment shall be an asset of the Fund on the last calendar day of the applicable month. Any Required Expense Payment shall be paid by the Adviser to the Fund in any combination of cash or 
 1 of 5 
 
 other immediately available funds and/or offset against amounts due from the Fund to the Adviser or its affiliates no later than forty-five days after such obligation was incurred. 
 (d)	The Fund s right to receive a Voluntary Expense Payment shall be an asset of the Fund upon the Adviser committing in writing to pay the Voluntary Expense Payment. Any Voluntary Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay shall be paid by the Adviser to the Fund in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Fund to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 2. Reimbursement of Expense Payments by the Fund 
 (a) 	Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Fund s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Fund shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof in accordance with Sections 2(b) and 2(c), as applicable, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within 3 years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Fund pursuant to this Section 2(a) shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . For purposes of this Agreement, Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) the Fund s net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) the Fund s net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Fund on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 (b) 	The amount of the Reimbursement Payment for any calendar month shall equal the lesser of (i) the Excess Operating Funds in such month and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within 3 years prior to the last business day of such calendar month that have not been previously reimbursed by the Fund to the Adviser; provided that the Adviser may waive its right to receive all or a portion of any Reimbursement Payment in any particular calendar month, in which case such waived amount will remain unreimbursed Expense Payments reimbursable in future months pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) 	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Reimbursement Payment for any month shall be made if: (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share declared by the Fund at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, (2) the Fund s Operating Expense Ratio at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relate, or (3) the Fund s Other Operating Expenses at the time of such Reimbursement Payment exceeds 0.70 of the Fund s net asset value. For purposes of the Agreement, Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365-day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder servicing fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing Operating 
 2 of 5 
 
 Expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to the Adviser, shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees, and interest expense, by the Fund s net assets. Operating Expenses means all of the Fund s operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for investment companies. 
 (d) 	The Fund s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Fund on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. In connection with any Reimbursement Payment, the Fund may deliver a notice. The Reimbursement Payment for any calendar month shall be paid by the Fund to the Adviser in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds as promptly as possible following such calendar month and in no event later than forty-five days after the end of such calendar month. 
 (e) 	All Reimbursement Payments hereunder shall be deemed to relate to the earliest unreimbursed Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within three (3) years prior to the last business day of the calendar month in which such Reimbursement Payment obligation is accrued. 
 3. Termination and Survival 
 (a) 	This Agreement shall become effective as of the date of this Agreement and shall have a one-year term (the Initial Term ). This Agreement shall renew automatically for successive one-year terms, unless either the Fund or the Adviser determines to terminate it after the Initial Term and so notifies the other party. 
 (b) 	This Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event of (i) the termination by the Fund of the Investment Advisory Agreement; (ii) the board of trustees of the Fund makes a determination to dissolve or liquidate the Fund; or (iii) upon a quotation or listing of the Fund s securities on a national securities exchange (including through an initial public offering) or a sale of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets to, or a merger or other liquidity transaction with, an entity in which the Fund s shareholders receive shares of a publicly-traded company which continues to be managed by the Adviser or an affiliate thereof. 
 (c) 	Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Section 2 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement with respect to any Expense Payments that have not been reimbursed by the Fund to the Adviser. 
 4. Miscellaneous 
 (a) 	The captions of this Agreement are included for convenience only and in no way define or limit any of the provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect. 
 (b)	This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (c)	Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. For so long as the Fund is regulated as a business 
 3 of 5 
 
 development company under the Investment Company Act, this Agreement shall also be construed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. In such case, to the extent the applicable laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or any of the provisions herein conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require the Fund to take any action contrary to the Fund s Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust or By-Laws, as each may be amended or restated, or to relieve or deprive the board of trustees of the Fund of its responsibility for and control of the conduct of the affairs of the Fund. 
 (d) 	If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and, to this extent, the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to be severable. 
 (e) 	The Fund shall not assign this Agreement or any right, interest or benefit under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Adviser. 
 (f) 	This Agreement may be amended in writing by mutual consent of the parties. This Agreement may be executed by the parties on any number of counterparts, delivery of which may occur by facsimile or as an attachment to an electronic communication, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 [ The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank. The signature page follows. ] 
 
 4 of 5 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above. 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: 
 
 /s/ Stephanie Brown 

Name: 
 
 Stephanie Brown 

Title: 
 
 President and Treasurer 

FIDELITY DIVERSIFYING SOLUTIONS LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher J. Rimmer 

Name: 
 
 Christopher J. Rimmer 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement] 
 5 of 5 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 14
 ck0001920453-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.11 
 AMENDMENT 
 to the 
 EXPENSE SUPPORT AND CONDITIONAL REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment is made as of March 13, 2023 to the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement dated September 23, 2022 Agreement ), by and between Fidelity Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties to the Agreement desire to amend the Agreement in the manner set forth herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereby amend the Agreement as follows: 
 
 1. Section 1(a) of the Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety by the following: 

For the period commencing September 23, 2022 through the 12-month period following the date on which the Fund breaks escrow with respect to its investor subscriptions, the Adviser shall pay on a monthly basis Other Operating Expenses of the Fund on the Fund s behalf (each such payment, a Required Expense Payment such that Other Operating Expenses of the Fund do not exceed 0.70 (on an annualized basis) of the Fund s net asset value. For purposes of this Agreement, Other Operating Expenses means the Fund s organization and offering expenses, professional fees (including accounting, legal, and auditing fees), custodian and transfer agent fees, third party valuation agent fees, insurance costs, trustee fees, Administration Fees (as defined in the Fund s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (the Registration Statement )), and other general and administrative expenses. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above. 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: 
 
 /s/ Heather Bonner 

Name: 
 
 Heather Bonner 

Title: 
 
 President and Treasurer 

FIDELITY DIVERSIFYING SOLUTIONS LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher J. Rimmer 

Name: 
 
 Christopher J. Rimmer 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer 

1 of 1 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 15
 ck0001920453-ex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.12 
 FEE WAIVER AGREEMENT 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 245 Summer Street 
 Boston, Massachusetts 02210 
 617-563-7000 
 This Fee Waiver Agreement, dated September 23, 2022 (the Agreement ), is entered into by and between Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ), a Delaware statutory trust that is organized as a non-diversified closed-end management investment company that will elect to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ), and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company FDS ). 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to an Investment Advisory Agreement dated September 23, 2022, as supplemented from time to time (the Investment Advisory Agreement ), between the Fund and FDS, the Fund has retained FDS to provide the Fund with investment advisory services. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Fund pays to FDS a management fee calculated and payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 Management Fee and incentive fees, including a fee based on the Fund s net investment income calculated and payable quarterly in arrears subject to a hurdle rate Income Incentive Fee ). 
 NOW THEREFORE , the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. FDS agrees to waive all Management Fees and Income Incentive Fees for the first six (6) months following the date on which the Fund breaks escrow with respect to its investor subscriptions. 

2. This Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement or it may be terminated by the Fund, without payment of any penalty, upon sixty days prior written notice. 

3. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to require the Fund to take any action contrary to the Fund s Certificate of Trust, Declaration of Trust, or By-Laws, or any applicable statutory or regulatory requirement to which it is subject or by which it is bound, or to relieve or deprive the Fund s Board of Trustees of its responsibility for and control of the conduct of the affairs of the Fund. 

4. Any question of interpretation of any term or provision of this Agreement, including but not limited to the calculation of the Management Fee or Income Incentive Fee, having a counterpart in or otherwise derived from the terms and provisions of the Investment Advisory Agreement or the 1940 Act, shall have the same meaning as and be resolved by reference to such Investment Advisory Agreement or the 1940 Act. 

5. If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 

1 of 3 

6. It is expressly agreed that the obligations of the Fund hereunder shall not be binding upon any of the Trustees, shareholders, nominees, officers, agents or employees of the Fund personally, but shall bind only the property of the Fund. This Agreement has been signed and delivered by an officer of the Fund, acting as such, and such execution and delivery by such officer shall not be deemed to have been made by any Trustee or officer individually or to impose any liability on any of them personally, but shall bind only the property of the Fund, as provided in the Fund s Certificate of Trust and Declaration of Trust and as amended from time to time. 

7. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Fund and FDS with respect to its subject matter and may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by duly authorized officers of both the Fund and FDS. 

8. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by email, facsimile, or other written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures may be delivered via facsimile, email, or any other electronic signature method complying with applicable law. 

[ The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank. The signature page follows. ] 

2 of 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first written above. 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: 
 
 /s/ Stephanie Brown 

Name: 
 
 Stephanie Brown 

Title: 
 
 President Treasurer 

FIDELITY DIVERSIFYING SOLUTIONS LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher J. Rimmer 

Name: 
 
 Christopher J. Rimmer 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Fee Waiver Agreement ] 

3 of 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 16
 ck0001920453-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 
 SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 March 17, 2023 
 among 
 FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 as Borrower 
 The LENDERS Party Hereto 
 and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent 
 460,000,000 __________________ 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 as Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

Article I DEFINITIONS 
 1 

SECTION 1.01. 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

SECTION 1.02. 
 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 54 

SECTION 1.03. 
 Terms Generally 
 54 

SECTION 1.04. 
 Accounting Terms; GAAP 
 54 

SECTION 1.05. 
 Currencies; Currency Equivalents. 
 55 

SECTION 1.06. 
 Divisions 
 56 

SECTION 1.07. 
 Outstanding Indebtedness 
 57 

SECTION 1.08. 
 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 
 57 

Article II THE CREDITS 
 57 

SECTION 2.01. 
 The Commitments 
 57 

SECTION 2.02. 
 Loans and Borrowings 
 58 

SECTION 2.03. 
 Requests for Borrowings 
 59 

SECTION 2.04. 
 Swingline Loans 
 60 

SECTION 2.05. 
 Letters of Credit 
 63 

SECTION 2.06. 
 Funding of Borrowings 
 69 

SECTION 2.07. 
 Interest Elections 
 70 

SECTION 2.08. 
 Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments 
 71 

SECTION 2.09. 
 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 
 74 

SECTION 2.10. 
 Prepayment of Loans 
 76 

SECTION 2.11. 
 Fees 
 81 

SECTION 2.12. 
 Interest 
 82 

SECTION 2.13. 
 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 83 

SECTION 2.14. 
 Computation of Interest 
 87 

SECTION 2.15. 
 Increased Costs 
 87 

SECTION 2.16. 
 Break Funding Payments 
 89 

SECTION 2.17. 
 Taxes 
 89 

SECTION 2.18. 
 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 
 92 

SECTION 2.19. 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 95 

SECTION 2.20. 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 97 

SECTION 2.21. 
 Maximum Rate 
 98 

Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 98 

SECTION 3.01. 
 Organization; Powers 
 98 

SECTION 3.02. 
 Authorization; Enforceability 
 99 

SECTION 3.03. 
 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 
 99 

SECTION 3.04. 
 No Material Adverse Change 
 99 

SECTION 3.05. 
 Litigation; Actions, Suits and Proceedings 
 99 

SECTION 3.06. 
 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 
 100 

i 

SECTION 3.07. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 100 

SECTION 3.08. 
 Taxes 
 100 

SECTION 3.09. 
 ERISA 
 100 

SECTION 3.10. 
 Disclosure 
 100 

SECTION 3.11. 
 Investment Company Act; Margin Regulations 
 101 

SECTION 3.12. 
 Material Agreements and Liens 
 101 

SECTION 3.13. 
 Subsidiaries and Investments 
 102 

SECTION 3.14. 
 Properties 
 102 

SECTION 3.15. 
 Affiliate Agreements 
 103 

SECTION 3.16. 
 Security Documents 
 103 

SECTION 3.17. 
 Affected Financial Institutions 
 103 

Article IV CONDITIONS 
 103 

SECTION 4.01. 
 Effective Date 
 103 

SECTION 4.02. 
 Each Credit Event 
 105 

Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 106 

SECTION 5.01. 
 Financial Statements and Other Information 
 106 

SECTION 5.02. 
 Notices of Material Events 
 109 

SECTION 5.03. 
 Existence; Conduct of Business 
 109 

SECTION 5.04. 
 Payment of Obligations 
 110 

SECTION 5.05. 
 Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 
 110 

SECTION 5.06. 
 Books and Records; Inspection Rights 
 110 

SECTION 5.07. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 110 

SECTION 5.08. 
 Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances 
 111 

SECTION 5.09. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 113 

SECTION 5.10. 
 Status of RIC and BDC 
 114 

SECTION 5.11. 
 Investment and Valuation Policies 
 114 

SECTION 5.12. 
 Portfolio Valuation and Diversification, Etc. 
 114 

SECTION 5.13. 
 Calculation of Borrowing Base 
 120 

SECTION 5.14. 
 Post-Closing Matters 
 130 

Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 130 

SECTION 6.01. 
 Indebtedness 
 130 

SECTION 6.02. 
 Liens 
 132 

SECTION 6.03. 
 Fundamental Changes and Dispositions of Assets 
 133 

SECTION 6.04. 
 Investments 
 136 

SECTION 6.05. 
 Restricted Payments 
 137 

SECTION 6.06. 
 Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries 
 138 

SECTION 6.07. 
 Certain Financial Covenants 
 139 

SECTION 6.08. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 139 

SECTION 6.09. 
 Lines of Business 
 140 

SECTION 6.10. 
 No Further Negative Pledge 
 140 

SECTION 6.11. 
 Modifications of Certain Documents 
 140 

ii 

SECTION 6.12. 
 Payments of Other Indebtedness 
 141 

Article VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 142 

Article VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 147 

Article IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 151 

SECTION 9.01. 
 Notices; Electronic Communications 
 151 

SECTION 9.02. 
 Waivers; Amendments 
 154 

SECTION 9.03. 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 158 

SECTION 9.04. 
 Successors and Assigns 
 160 

SECTION 9.05. 
 Survival 
 164 

SECTION 9.06. 
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 
 164 

SECTION 9.07. 
 Severability 
 165 

SECTION 9.08. 
 Right of Setoff 
 165 

SECTION 9.09. 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
 166 

SECTION 9.10. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 166 

SECTION 9.11. 
 Judgment Currency 
 167 

SECTION 9.12. 
 Headings 
 167 

SECTION 9.13. 
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 
 167 

SECTION 9.14. 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 170 

SECTION 9.15. 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 170 

SECTION 9.16. 
 No Fiduciary Duty 
 170 

SECTION 9.17. 
 Certain ERISA Matters 
 171 

SECTION 9.18. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 172 

SECTION 9.19. 
 Termination 
 173 

iii 

SCHEDULE I 	 	Commitments and Issuing Banks 
 SCHEDULE II	 	Material Agreements and Liens 
 SCHEDULE III	 	Permitted Indebtedness 
 SCHEDULE IV	 	Subsidiaries and Investments 
 SCHEDULE V	 	Transactions with Affiliates 
 SCHEDULE VI	 	GICS Industry Classification Group List 
 SCHEDULE VII	 	Approved Dealers and Approved Pricing Services 
 SCHEDULE VIII	 	Excluded Assets 

EXHIBIT A	 	Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 EXHIBIT B	 	Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 EXHIBIT C	 	Form of Borrowing Request 
 EXHIBIT D	 	Form of Interest Election Request 
 EXHIBIT E	 	Form of Promissory Note 
 
 iv 

SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of March 17, 2023 (this Agreement ), among FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, a Delaware statutory trust (the Borrower ), the LENDERS party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. 
 The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide the credit facilities described herein. The Lenders are prepared to extend such credit upon the terms and conditions hereof, and, accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 Article I DEFINITIONS 
 SECTION 1.01.	 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, denominated in Dollars and bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Additional Debt Amount means, as of any date, the greater of (a) 20,000,000 and (b) an amount equal to 5 of Shareholders Equity. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR, plus (b) 0.0326 , provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of calculating such rate. 
 Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means the EURIBOR Rate, as adjusted for statutory reserve requirements for eurocurrency liabilities; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of calculating such rate. 
 Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base means the Gross Borrowing Base plus the amount of any cash held in a collection (or similar) account of any Excluded Asset that is a collateralized loan obligation (a CLO or is otherwise subject to a third-party financing whereby a trustee or similar third party administers the collection (or similar) account and periodic waterfall payments therefrom, in each case, that is reflected on a payment date schedule (or similar distribution statement and, in each case, which may be a draft so long as the amount to be distributed has been finalized) to be (subject only to the lapse of time for a period not to exceed 30 days from the date of such schedule or statement) irrevocably distributed, directly or indirectly, to an Obligor on the next payment date or similar distribution date for such CLO or other Excluded Asset. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the 
 1 

Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Agent s Account means, for each Currency, an account in respect of such Currency designated by the Administrative Agent in a notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Advance Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Affiliate shall not include any Person that constitutes an Investment held by a specified Person in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Affiliate Agreements means (a) the Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and between the Borrower and FDS LLC, as adviser and (b) the Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, dated February 1, 2023, by and between the Borrower and FDS LLC, as administrator. 
 
 Agreed Foreign Currency means, at any time, Sterling, Euros, AUD, Canadian Dollars and any additional currencies determined after the Effective Date by mutual agreement of the Borrower, Multicurrency Lenders, each Multicurrency Issuing Bank and Administrative Agent; provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted and able to be converted into Dollars. 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one-month Interest Period plus 1 . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.13 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.13(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate 
 2 

Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, money laundering or corruption. 
 Applicable Dollar Percentage means, with respect to any Dollar Lender, the percentage of the total Dollar Commitments represented by such Dollar Lender s Dollar Commitment. If the Dollar Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Dollar Percentages shall be determined based upon the Dollar Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments pursuant to Section 9.04(b). 
 Applicable Margin means, for any day, (i) if the Gross Borrowing Base (as of the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate) is equal to or greater than 1.6 times the Combined Debt Amount, (a) in the case of any ABR Loan, 0.75 and (b) in the case of any other Loan, 1.75 , and (ii) if the Gross Borrowing Base (as of the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate) is less than 1.6 times the Combined Debt Amount, (a) in the case of any ABR Loan, 0.875 and (b) in the case of any other Loan, 1.875 . Any change in the Applicable Margin due to a change in the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Combined Debt Amount as set forth in any Borrowing Base Certificate shall be effective from and including the day immediately succeeding the date of delivery of such Borrowing Base Certificate; provided that if any Borrowing Base Certificate has not been delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(d), then from and including the day immediately succeeding the date on which such Borrowing Base Certificate was required to be delivered, the Applicable Margin shall be the Applicable Margin set forth in clause (ii) above to and including the date on which the required Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered. 
 Applicable Multicurrency Percentage means, with respect to any Multicurrency Lender, the percentage of the total Multicurrency Commitments represented by such Multicurrency Lender s Multicurrency Commitment. If the Multicurrency Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Multicurrency Percentages shall be determined based upon the Multicurrency Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments pursuant to Section 9.04(b). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments pursuant to Section 9.04(b). 
 Approved Dealer means (a) in the case of any Portfolio Investment that is not a U.S. Government Security, a bank or a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of nationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, (b) in the case of a U.S. Government Security, any primary dealer in U.S. Government Securities, and (c) in the case of any foreign Portfolio Investment, any foreign broker-dealer of internationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, in the case of each of clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, as set forth 
 3 

on Schedule VII or any other bank or broker-dealer acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable determination. 
 Approved Pricing Service means a pricing or quotation service as set forth in Schedule VII or any other pricing or quotation service approve by the Fidelity Advisor (so long as it has the necessary delegated authority) or the board of trustees (or appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower and designated in writing to the Administrative Agent (which designation, if approved by the board of trustees of the Borrower, shall be accompanied by a copy of a resolution of the board of trustees (or appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) that such pricing or quotation service has been approved by the Borrower). 
 Approved Third-Party Appraiser means each of Houlihan Lokey, Duff Phelps, Lincoln International, Valuation Research Corporation, Alvarez Marsal, and any other third-party appraiser selected by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion. 
 Asset Coverage Ratio means the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of (a) the value of total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by Senior Securities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, to (b) the aggregate amount of Senior Securities representing indebtedness, in each case, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (all as determined pursuant to the Investment Company Act and any orders, declarations, opinions, relief or letters issued by the SEC, in each case, as in effect on the Effective Date but excluding the effects of SEC Release No. 33837/April 8, 2020). The calculation of the Asset Coverage Ratio shall be made in accordance with any exemptive relief or order granted or issued by the SEC with respect to any Indebtedness of any SBIC Subsidiary from the definition of Senior Securities only so long as (a) such order is in effect, and (b) no obligations have become due and owing pursuant to the terms of any Permitted SBIC Guarantee to which the Borrower or any other Obligor is a party. The outstanding utilized notional amount of any total return swap and the notional amount of any Credit Default Swap where an Obligor is a protection seller, in each case, less the value of the margin posted by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder at such time shall be treated as a Senior Security of the Borrower for the purposes of calculating the Asset Coverage Ratio. 
 Asset Sale means a sale, lease or sub lease (as lessor or sublessor), sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition to, or any exchange of property with, any Person, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or any part of any assets or properties of any kind, whether real, personal, or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired; provided, however, the term Asset Sale as used in this Agreement shall not include the disposition of Portfolio Investments originated by the Borrower or other Obligor and promptly transferred to a Subsidiary of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of Section 6.03(d) hereof, any disposition of a Portfolio Investment received from an Excluded Asset and promptly transferred to another Excluded Asset or any Back-to-Back Transaction pursuant to the terms of Section 6.03(h). 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by 
 4 

Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent as provided in Section 9.04, in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as is approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Assuming Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 
 AUD and A denote the lawful currency of The Commonwealth of Australia. 
 
 AUD Rate means for any Loans or LC Disbursement in AUD, the (a) AUD Screen Rate plus (b) 0.20 . 
 
 AUD Screen Rate means, with respect to any Interest Period, the average bid reference rate administered by ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (ACN 616 075 417) (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for AUD bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) at or about 11:00 a.m. (Sydney, Australia time) on the first day of such Interest Period. If the AUD Screen Rate shall be less than the Floor, the AUD Screen Rate shall be deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Authorized Signatory means with respect to any Person (other than an individual), any signatory of such Person who is authorized to act for such Person in matters relating to, and binding upon, such Person. Each party may receive and accept a certification of the authority of any other party as conclusive evidence of the authority of any Person to act, and such certification may be considered as in full force and effect until receipt by such other party of written notice to the contrary. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date and the date of termination of the Commitments in full. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.13. 
 Back-to-Back Transaction means, a transaction where (i) an Obligor originates or acquires an Investment, (ii) such Obligor immediately transfers in full or sells a participation interest in all or any portion of such Investment to an Excluded Asset, (iii) the purchase price paid by such Excluded Asset to such Obligor in respect of such Investment (or participation interest therein) or any portion thereof is remitted by the Obligor to the underlying issuer thereof and (iv) the Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such transaction is not less than the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such transaction; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and for purposes of this Agreement, only the portion of any Investment that is transferred by an Obligor to an Excluded Asset in accordance with clause (ii) above (subject to compliance 
 5 

with clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) of this definition), and not any other portion of such Investment, shall be deemed to have been subject to a Back-to-Back Transaction. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Bankruptcy Code has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Basel III means the agreements on capital requirements, leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on 16 December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Loan in any Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Currency, then Benchmark for such Currency means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.13. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Currency other than Dollars, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below: 
 
 (1) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) 0.10 , or 
 
 (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention in 
 6 

the United States for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency in the U.S. syndicated loan market at such time. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use or administration of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice and substantially consistent with conforming changes made in other syndicated credit facilities for which JPMCB acts as administrative agent (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published 
 7 

component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator (solely in the case of the Term SOFR Reference Rate), the central bank for the Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (3)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all 
 8 

Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13. 
 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Borrowing means, (a) all ABR Loans of the same Class made to, or converted or continued on the same date, (b) all Term Benchmark Loans of the same Class denominated in the same Currency that have the same Interest Period, (c) all RFR Loans of the same Class denominated in the same Currency or (d) a Swingline Loan, as applicable. 
 Borrowing Base has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit B (with such attachments as agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower on or prior to the Effective Date) or such other form as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and appropriately completed. 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency means, at any date on which the same is determined, the amount, if any, that (a) the aggregate Covered Debt Amount as of such date exceeds (b) the Borrowing Base as of such date. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 substantially in the form of Exhibit C or such other form as is approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 9 

Borrowing Value means, as of any date, the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Borrowing Base and (ii) the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment. With respect to any limitation set forth in Section 5.13 that is based on Borrowing Value, such Borrowing Value shall be determined after giving effect to the portfolio limitations and valuation criteria specified in Section 5.13 (other than any adjustment required pursuant to paragraphs (d), (g) and (h) thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, (a) to avoid double counting of excess concentrations, any Advance Rate reductions set forth in Section 5.13 shall be without duplication of any other such Advance Rate reductions and (b) to the extent the Borrowing Value is required to be reduced to comply with Section 5.13, the Borrower shall be permitted to choose the Portfolio Investments to be excluded from the Borrowing Value to effect such reduction. 
 Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City or Chicago and (a) in relation to Loans denominated in Sterling, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, (b) in relation to Loans denominated in Euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR Rate, any day which is a TARGET Day, (c) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day and (d) in relation to any Loan denominated in any other Currency, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the central bank responsible for administering such Currency is open for business, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Canadian Dollar means the lawful money of Canada. 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the average rate for thirty (30) day Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day, plus 1 per annum; provided, that if any the above rates shall be less than 1 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1 for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR, respectively. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any change in GAAP after 
 10 

December 15, 2018 that would require an operating lease to be treated similar to a capital lease shall not be given effect hereunder. 
 Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Cash means any immediately available funds in Dollars or in any currency other than Dollars (measured in terms of the Dollar Equivalent thereof) which is a freely convertible currency. 
 Cash Equivalents means investments (other than Cash) that are one or more of the following obligations: 
 (a)	U.S. Government Securities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 
 (b)	investments in commercial paper or other short-term corporate obligations maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S P and at least P-1 from Moody s (or if only one of S P or Moody s provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from Fitch); 
 (c)	investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof (i) issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or under the laws of the jurisdiction or any constituent jurisdiction thereof of any Agreed Foreign Currency, provided that such certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits are held in a securities account (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) through which the Collateral Agent can perfect a security interest therein and (ii) having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S P and at least P-1 from Moody s (or if only one of S P or Moody s provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from Fitch); 
 (d)	fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days from the date of acquisition thereof for U.S. Government Securities and entered into with (i) a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) of this definition or (ii) an Approved Dealer having (or being a member of a consolidated group having) at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S P and at least P-1 from Moody s (or if only one of S P or Moody s provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from Fitch); 
 (e)	money market funds that invest and which are restricted by their respective charters to invest, substantially all of their assets in investments of the type described in the immediately preceding clauses (a) through (d) above (including as to credit quality and maturity); 
 11 

(f)	a Reinvestment Agreement; provided that such Reinvestment Agreement may be unwound at the option of the purchaser at any time without penalty; 
 (g)	money market funds that have, at all times, credit ratings of Aaa and MR1+ by Moody s and AAAm or AAAm-G by S P, respectively; and 
 (h)	any of the following offered by the Custodian (or other entity acting in a similar capacity with respect to the Borrower) (i) money market deposit accounts, (ii) eurodollar time deposits, (iii) commercial eurodollar sweep services or (iv) open commercial paper services, in each case, having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S P and at least P-1 from Moody s and maturing not later than two hundred seventy (270) days from the date of acquisition thereof; 
 provided , that (i) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that provides for the payment of interest alone (for example, interest-only securities or IOs ); (ii) if any of S P or Moody s changes its rating system, then any ratings included in this definition shall be deemed to be an equivalent rating in a successor rating category of S P or Moody s, as the case may be; (iii) Cash Equivalents (other than U.S. Government Securities, certificates of deposit, repurchase agreements or the money market funds described in clause (e) of this definition of Cash Equivalents shall not include any such investment representing more than 10 of total assets of the Obligors in any single issuer; and (iv) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that is not denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency. 
 Cash Pay Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Margin, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 
 CDOR means on any day for the relevant Interest Period, the annual rate of interest equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian dollar Canadian bankers acceptances for the applicable period that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified and amended from time to time (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up), as of 10:15 a.m. Toronto local time on the first day of such Interest Period and, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day (as adjusted by Administrative Agent after 10:15 a.m. Toronto local time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest); provided , that, if the CDOR shall be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Central Bank Rate means (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three 
 12 

rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (c) any other Agreed Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii) the Floor; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means , for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period and (c) any other Agreed Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Euros for a maturity of one month. 
 Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the Effective Date) (other than the Fidelity Advisor, any of its Affiliates that are in the business of managing and advising clients or any Permitted Holder), of shares representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower or (b) the occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of trustees of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the requisite members of the board of trustees of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by a majority of the directors so nominated. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty after the Effective Date, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Effective Date or (c) compliance by any Lender or any Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or 
 13 

directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Effective Date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, are Dollar Loans or Multicurrency Loans, Swingline Loans, as applicable; when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender is a Dollar Lender or a Multicurrency Lender; when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Dollar Commitment or a Multicurrency Commitment and, when used in reference to any LC Exposure, refers to whether such LC Exposure is a Dollar LC Exposure or a Multicurrency LC Exposure. 
 CLO Securities means debt securities, mezzanine securities, equity securities, residual interests or composite or combination securities (i.e. securities consisting of a combination of debt and equity securities that are issued in effect as a unit) including synthetic securities that provide synthetic credit exposure to debt securities, mezzanine securities, equity securities, residual interests or composite or combination securities (or other investments, including any interests held to comply with applicable risk retention requirements, that similarly represent an investment in underlying pools of leveraged portfolios), that, in each case, entitle the holders thereof to receive payments that (i) depend on the cash flow from a portfolio consisting primarily of ownership interests in debt securities, corporate loans or asset-backed securities or (ii) are subject to losses owing to credit events (howsoever defined) under credit derivative transactions with respect to debt securities, corporate loans or asset-backed securities. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Collateral Agent means JPMCB in its capacity as Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and includes any successor Collateral Agent thereunder. 
 Collateral Pool means, at any time, each Portfolio Investment that has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) to the Collateral Agent and is subject to the Lien of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and then only for so long as such 
 14 

Portfolio Investment continues to be Delivered as contemplated therein and in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected Lien as security for the Secured Obligations (subject to any Lien permitted by Section 6.02 hereof); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Portfolio Investment in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected (other than, for a period of up to 7 days (or such longer period up to sixty (60) days as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion), customary rights of setoff, banker s lien, security interest or other like right upon securities accounts in which such Portfolio Investments are held) security interest pursuant to a valid Uniform Commercial Code filing, such Portfolio Investment may be included in the Collateral Pool so long as all remaining actions to complete Delivery are satisfied in full within 7 days of such inclusion (or such longer period up to sixty (60) days as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 
 Combined Debt Amount means, as of any date, (i) the aggregate amount of Commitments as of such date (or, if greater, the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders as of such date) plus (ii) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Designated Indebtedness and, without duplication, the aggregate amount of unused and available commitments of the holders of Designated Indebtedness to extend credit that will give rise to Designated Indebtedness under the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Commitment means, collectively, the Dollar Commitments and the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Commitment Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 
 Commitment Increase Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 
 Commitment Termination Date means March 17, 2027. 
 Concurrent Transactions means, with respect to any proposed action or transaction hereunder, (a) any acquisition or sale of Portfolio Investments or other property or assets, (b) any payment of outstanding Loans, cash collateralization of Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k), or payment of other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount, (c) any return of capital or other distribution or receipt of cash from any Investment, (d) any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, (e) any sale of Equity Interests by the Borrower, and (f) any pro forma adjustments related to any of the actions or transactions described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), in each case, (x) that occurs substantially simultaneously with (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours of) such proposed action or transaction and (y) is evidenced by a current Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the Borrower (which may include any activities permitted to be included under clause (x) above). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 15 

Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency means, at any time that any Contingent Secured Indebtedness is outstanding, if the inclusion of all such Contingent Secured Indebtedness and the Portfolio Investments subject to the underlying repurchase transactions in the Covered Debt Amount and the Borrowing Base, respectively, would result in a Borrowing Base Deficiency. 
 Contingent Secured Indebtedness means, on any date, Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that (a) is incurred pursuant to one or more repurchase arrangements, (b) has a maturity at issuance of no more than 180 days (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, 180 days after the then-current expiration date of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness) and (c) is not secured by any of the Collateral (other than by (x) the Portfolio Investment subject to such repurchase agreement or participation interest such Obligor sells or purports to sell in a Portfolio Investment for such repurchase agreement, in each case, to the extent such Portfolio Investment is otherwise permitted to be transferred to an Excluded Asset hereunder or (y) any note or security issued by a Subsidiary of an Obligor that such Obligor sells or purports to sell, which economically represents the underlying asset for such repurchase agreement). 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Controlled Foreign Corporation means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Subsidiary which is a controlled foreign corporation of such Person (within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code) or any direct or indirect subsidiary of such a corporation or (ii) a directly or indirectly owned subsidiary of such Person substantially all the assets of which consist of debt or equity in Subsidiaries described in clause (i) of this definition. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Debt Amount means, on any date, without duplication, (a) all of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders on such date plus (b) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Permitted Indebtedness, Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness and 50 of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, in each case, on such date plus (c) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) plus (d) Hedging Agreement Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) (other than Hedging Agreement Obligations arising from Hedging Agreements entered into pursuant to Section 6.04(c)) plus (e) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(m) minus (f) the LC Exposures fully cash collateralized on such date pursuant to Section 2.05(l) and the last paragraph of Section 2.09(a) or otherwise backstopped in a manner satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent in their respective sole discretion; provided that the aggregate principal amount (whether incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(m) or otherwise) of (i) all Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, and (ii) 50 of all then 
 16 

outstanding Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness shall be excluded from the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount, in each case, to the extent then outstanding, until the date that is 9 months prior to the scheduled maturity or earlier redemption date of such Indebtedness; provided further that, to the extent, but only to the extent, any portion of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above is subject to a contractually scheduled amortization payment, other mandatory principal payment or mandatory redemption (it being understood that the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under convertible notes (as well as the triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest or expenses or fractional shares (which may be payable in cash)), shall not constitute amortization for purposes of this definition) earlier than 6 months after the Maturity Date (in the case of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness) or earlier than the original final maturity date of such Indebtedness (in the case of Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, or Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness), all of such portion of such Indebtedness, to the extent then outstanding, but only to the extent of such portion, shall be included in the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount beginning upon the date that is the later of (x) 9 months prior to such scheduled amortization payment, other mandatory principal payment or mandatory redemption and (y) the date the Borrower becomes aware that such Indebtedness is required to be paid or redeemed. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating the Covered Debt Amount, any convertible securities that constitute Indebtedness that is required to be included in the Covered Debt Amount will be included at the then outstanding principal balance thereof and in no event shall any Contingent Secured Indebtedness (whether incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(m) or otherwise) be included in the Covered Debt Amount other than for purposes of determining whether a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred or is continuing. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 (i)	a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 
 (ii)	a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 (iii)	a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.18. 
 Credit Default Swap means any credit default swap entered into as a means to (i) invest in bonds, notes, loans, debentures or securities on a leveraged basis (including, without limitation, total return swaps) or (ii) hedge the default risk of bonds, notes, loans, debentures or securities. 
 Currency means Dollars or any Foreign Currency. 
 Custodian means State Street Bank and Trust Company, or any other financial institution mutually agreeable to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, as custodian holding 
 17 

documentation for Portfolio Investments, and accounts of the Borrower and/or other Obligors holding Portfolio Investments, on behalf of the Borrower and/or such other Obligors or any successor in such capacity pursuant to a Custodian Agreement. The term Custodian includes any agent or sub-custodian acting on behalf of the Custodian. 
 Custodian Agreement means, with respect to any Obligor, any of the following to which such Obligor is a party: (a) that certain Custody Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2007, by and between, inter alia, the Borrower and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as custodian, (b) that certain Custodian Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2011, by and between, inter alia, Fidelity Private Credit Fund Blocker 2 LLC, FPCF CA SPE 2 LLC and Fidelity Private Credit Tactical 1 LLC and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as custodian, and (c) any other custodian agreement by and among the applicable Obligor, the Custodian and any other parties from time to time party thereto in form and substance substantially similar to the Custodian Agreement described in clause (a) or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 
 Daily Simple ESTR means, with respect to any Swingline Loan requested in Euros for any Business Day, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) ESTR based on the published rate of ESTR as of the Business Day of such request and (b) 0 . Any change in Daily Simple ESTR due to a change in the applicable ESTR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the ESTR without notice. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan (i) denominated in Sterling, SONIA for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, in each case, as such SONIA is published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website, (ii) that is a Swingline Loan denominated in Sterling, SONIA for such RFR Interest Day and (iii) that is a Swingline Loan denominated in Euros, Daily Simple ESTR. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2 nd U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, the SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then the SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be the SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of the calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR 
 18 

shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender, as determined by the Administrative Agent, that has (a) failed to fund any portion of its Loans or participations in Letters of Credit within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless, in the case of any Loan, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such Lender s failure is based on such Lender s reasonable determination that the conditions precedent to funding such Loan under this Agreement have not been met, such conditions have not otherwise been waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such Lender has advised the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing (with reasonable detail of those conditions that have not been satisfied) prior to the time at which such funding was to have been made, (b) notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s commercially reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding or extension of credit (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, (e) (i) become or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent or (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (f) become the subject of a Bail-In Action or has a parent company that has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting 
 19 

Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in such Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such equity interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. 
 Designated Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Designated Subsidiary means: 
 (a)	an SBIC Subsidiary; 
 (b) 	a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the Borrower as a Designated Subsidiary which meets the following criteria: 
 	(i)	to which any Obligor sells, conveys or otherwise transfers (whether directly or indirectly) Cash, Cash Equivalents or one or more Portfolio Investments, which engages in no material activities other than in connection with the holding, purchasing or financing of such assets; 
 
 	(ii)	no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Subsidiary (A) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than Guarantees in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings), (B) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (C) subjects any property of any Obligor (other than (x) property that has been contributed or sold, purported to be sold or otherwise transferred to such Subsidiary or (y) Equity Interests in such Subsidiary, but solely to the extent that the organization documents of such Subsidiary or any agreement to which such Subsidiary is a party prohibit or restrict the pledge of such Equity Interests), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or any Guarantee thereof, 
 
 	(iii)	with which no Obligor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (excluding customary sale and contribution agreements and master participation agreements pursuant to which payment for the related assets has been made in full) other than on terms, taken as a whole, no less favorable to such Obligor than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of any Obligor, other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with servicing receivables or financial assets and pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, and 
 
 	(iv)	to which no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings; or 
 
 (c)	a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the Borrower as a Designated Subsidiary and which satisfies each of the foregoing criteria set forth in clauses (b)(ii), (iii) and (iv). 
 
 20 

Any such designation under clause (b) or (c) by the Borrower shall be effected pursuant to a certificate of an Authorized Signatory of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent, which certificate shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such officer s knowledge, such designation complied with the foregoing conditions set forth in clause (b) or (c), as applicable. Each Subsidiary of a Designated Subsidiary shall be deemed to be a Designated Subsidiary and shall comply with the foregoing requirements of this definition. The parties hereby agree that the Subsidiaries identified as Designated Subsidiaries on Schedule IV hereto, together with any Subsidiary that is identified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent and approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), shall each constitute a Designated Subsidiary so long as they comply with the foregoing requirements of this definition. 
 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means, any Equity Interests that after its issuance is subject to any agreement between the holder of such Equity Interests and the issuer thereof where such issuer is required to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire, cancel or terminate all such Equity Interests, other than (x) as a result of a change of control or asset sale or (y) in connection with any purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination with, or in exchange for, Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Disqualified Lender means (i) those Persons that have been identified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Effective Date and that are competitors to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates in the middle-market lending industry (other than any bank or Affiliate thereof, which Affiliate is not a business development company or private credit fund), (ii) any Person that is a competitor to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates in the middle-market lending industry (other than any bank or Affiliate thereof, which Affiliate is not a business development company or private credit fund) and is identified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent and approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (iii) any Affiliates of any Person identified in clause (i) or (ii) above that are either identified in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower from time to time or readily identifiable solely based on the similarity of such Affiliate s name. The identification of a Disqualified Lender after the Effective Date shall not apply to retroactively disqualify any Person that has previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in any Loan or Commitment (or any Person that, prior to such identification, has entered into a bona fide and binding trade for either of the foregoing and has not yet acquired such assignment or participation); provided that any designation of a Person as a Disqualified Lender shall not be effective until the Business Day after written notice thereof by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the next succeeding sentence. Any supplement or other modification to the list of Persons identified as Disqualified Lenders shall be e-mailed to the Administrative Agent at JPMDQcontact@JPMorgan.com. 
 Dollar Commitment means, with respect to each Dollar Lender, the commitment of such Dollar Lender to make Loans, and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans, issued by any Dollar Issuing Bank hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure permitted hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The aggregate amount of each 
 21 

Lender s Dollar Commitment is set forth on Schedule I or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Dollar Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Dollar Commitments as of the Effective Date is 0. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, and (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency at such time. 
 
 Dollar Issuing Bank means any Issuing Bank identified in Schedule I (as amended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08) that has agreed to issue Letters of Credit under its respective Dollar Commitments. 
 
 Dollar LC Exposure means a Dollar Lender s LC Exposure under its Dollar Commitment. 
 
 Dollar Lender means the Persons listed on Schedule I as having Dollar Commitments and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume Dollar Commitments or to acquire Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Dollar Loan means a Loan denominated in Dollars by a Dollar Lender. 
 Dollar Swingline Exposure means a Dollar Lender s Swingline Exposure under its Dollar Commitment. 
 Dollar Swingline Lender means any Swingline Lender identified in Schedule I that has agreed to make Swingline Loans under its respective Dollar Commitment. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person other than a Controlled Foreign Corporation. 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any period and any portfolio investment, the definition of EBITDA (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement (together with all add-backs and exclusions as designated therein), and in any case that EBITDA, or such similar defined term is not defined in the relevant agreement, an amount, for the principal issuer on such Portfolio Investment and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated pursuant to the relevant agreement for such Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) equal to net income from continuing operations for such period (i) plus (a) cash interest expense, (b) income taxes, (c) depreciation and amortization for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs), to the extent not otherwise included in clause (c) above, other non-cash charges and organization costs, (e) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring losses in accordance with GAAP, and (f) any other item 
 22 

the Borrower and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate and (ii) less customary corresponding deductions. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means March 17, 2023. 
 Entitled Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. As used in this Agreement, Equity Interests shall not include convertible debt unless and until such debt has been converted to capital stock. 
 ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan under Section 4041 of ERISA or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to a withdrawal from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined 
 23 

in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or a complete withdrawal or partial withdrawal (within the meanings of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice from any Multiemployer Plan concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in reorganization (within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA). 
 
 ESTR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Euro Short Term Rate for such Business Day published by the ESTR Administrator on the ESTR Administrator s Website. 
 
 ESTR Administrator means the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of the Euro Short Term Rate). 
 
 ESTR Administrator s Website means the European Central Bank s website, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor source for the Euro Short Term Rate identified as such by the ESTR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBOR Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may in its reasonable discretion specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. 
 Euro refers to the lawful money of the Participating Member States. 
 Events of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Exchange Rate means, on any day of determination with respect to any Foreign Currency, the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Thomson Reuters Corp. Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of 
 24 

exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Excluded Assets means entities identified as Excluded Assets in Schedule VIII hereto, any CLO Securities, finance lease obligations, Designated Subsidiaries, and any similar assets or entities, in each case, in which any Obligor holds an interest on or after the Effective Date, and, in each case, their respective Subsidiaries, unless, in the case of any such asset or entity, the Borrower designates in writing to the Collateral Agent that such asset or entity is not an Excluded Asset. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to, the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office, or in the case of any Lender its applicable lending office, located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, any U.S. federal withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Lender at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.20(b)), except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.17(a), (c) any United States federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA and (d) Taxes attributable to such recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(e) or (f), as applicable 
 Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Obligor not in the ordinary course of business, including any foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds, pension plan reversions, judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments and any purchase price adjustment received in connection with any purchase agreement and proceeds of insurance (excluding, however, for the avoidance of doubt, proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests by such Obligor or proceeds of any Asset Sale of, Return of Capital received by or issuances of Indebtedness by such Obligor); provided , however , that Extraordinary Receipts shall not include any (v) taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by such Obligor as a result of such cash receipts (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions), (w) amounts that such Obligor receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(h), (x) cash receipts to the extent received from proceeds of insurance, condemnation awards (or payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments or payments in respect of judgments or settlements of claims, litigation or proceedings to the extent that such proceeds, awards or payments are received by any Person in respect of any unaffiliated third party claim against or loss by such Person and promptly applied to pay (or to reimburse such Person for its prior payment of) such claim or loss and the costs and expenses of such Person with respect thereto, (y) any costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by such Obligor directly incidental to such cash receipts, including reasonable legal fees and expenses or (z) proceeds of business interruption insurance to the extent such proceeds constitute compensation for lost earnings. 
 25 

Facility Termination Date means the first date on which (a) the Commitments have expired or been terminated, (b) the principal of and accrued interest on each Loan and all fees and other amounts payable hereunder (other than Unasserted Contingent Obligations) shall have been paid in cash in full, (c) all Letters of Credit shall have (i) expired with no pending drawings, (ii) terminated, (iii) been cash collateralized in the manner required by Section 2.05(k) or (iv) otherwise been backstopped in a manner satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank in its sole discretion and (d) all LC Disbursements then outstanding shall have been reimbursed. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any published intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code. 
 FDS LLC has the meaning assigned to such term in clause (o) of Article VII. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fidelity Advisor has the meaning assigned to such term in clause (o) of Article VII. 
 Financial Officer means the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president, managing director or director of corporate strategy of the Borrower. 
 First Lien Bank Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 First Lien Last Out Bank Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc 
 Floor means 0.00 . 
 Foreign Currency means at any time any Currency other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency Equivalent means, with respect to any amount in Dollars, the amount of any Foreign Currency that could be purchased with such amount of Dollars using the 
 26 

reciprocal of the foreign exchange rate(s) specified in the definition of the term Dollar Equivalent , as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender or Issuing Bank that is not a United States person as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 GICS means, as of any date, the most recently published Global Industry Classification Standard. 
 GICS Industry Group Classification means any industry group classification within GICS, as updated and amended from time to time. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, or of any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Gross Borrowing Base has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(h). 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary indemnification agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness. The amount of any Guarantee at any time shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the maximum stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is incurred, unless the terms of such Guarantee expressly provide that the maximum amount for which such Person may be liable thereunder is a lesser amount (in which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to such lesser amount). The term Guaranteed shall have a correlative meaning hereto. 
 27 

Guarantee and Security Agreement means that certain Guarantee and Security Agreement dated as of the Effective Date among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, each Financing Agent (as defined therein) or Designated Indebtedness Holder (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto, and the Collateral Agent. 
 Guarantee Assumption Agreement means a Guarantee Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Guarantee and Security Agreement (or such other form as is reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) between the Collateral Agent and an entity that, pursuant to Section 5.08 is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement (with such changes as the Collateral Agent shall request, consistent with the requirements of Section 5.08). 
 Hedging Agreement means any interest rate protection agreement, Credit Default Swap, total return swap, foreign currency exchange protection agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. 
 High Yield Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any Obligor) that owns legally or beneficially, together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, assets, which in the aggregate have a value not in excess of the greater of (a) 50,000,000 and (b) 5 of consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date unless, in the case of any such Subsidiary, the Borrower designates in writing to the Collateral Agent that such Subsidiary is not to be an Immaterial Subsidiary and that the Borrower will comply with the requirements of Section 5.08 with respect to such Subsidiary. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or (ii) with respect to deposits or advances of any kind that are required to be to accounted for under GAAP as a liability on the financial statements of such Person (other than deposits received in connection with a portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments) of such Person in the ordinary course of such Person s business (including, but not limited to, any deposits or advances in connection with expense reimbursement, prepaid agency fees, other fees, indemnification, work fees, tax distributions or purchase price adjustments)), (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar debt instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses and trade accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses and trade accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien (other than a Lien permitted by Section 6.02(c)) on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (with the amount of such Indebtedness being the lower of the outstanding amount of such debt and the fair market value of the property subject to 
 28 

such Lien), (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances and (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include (u) Hedging Agreements entered into pursuant to Section 6.04(c) and not for borrowed money, (v) Indebtedness of such Person on account of the sale by such Person of the first out tranche of any First Lien Bank Loan that arises solely as an accounting matter under ASC 860, (w) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset or Investment to satisfy unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset or Investment, (x) a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to make a future portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments and joint venture investments) or fund the delayed draw, unfunded capital commitment (which may be paid to a joint venture investment or creditor thereof) or other unfunded portion of any existing portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments and joint venture investments), (y) any accrued incentive, management or other fees to an investment manager or its affiliates (regardless of any deferral in payment thereof), or (z) non-recourse liabilities for participations sold by any Person in any Bank Loan. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Independent Valuation Provider means an independent third-party valuation firm, including, Murray, Devine Co., Houlihan Lokey, Duff Phelps, Lincoln Advisors, Valuation Research Corporation, Alvarez Marsal and any other independent nationally recognized third-party valuation firm selected by the Collateral Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. 
 Industry Classification Group means (a) any GICS Industry Group Classification set forth in Schedule VI hereto, together with any such group classifications that may be subsequently established by GICS and provided by the Borrower to the Lenders and (b) any additional industry group classifications established by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.12. 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(b). 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.07 substantially in the form of Exhibit D or such other form as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding 
 29 

day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one or three months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability of such tenor for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Currency), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.13(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment means, for any Person: (a) Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to acquire any Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person (including any short sale or any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such sale); (b) deposits, advances, loans or other extensions of credit made to any other Person (including purchases of property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person); or (c) Hedging Agreements. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 
 Investment Policies means all written investment policies, restrictions and limitations for the Borrower delivered (to the extent not otherwise publicly filed with the SEC) to the Lenders on or prior to the Effective Date (as may be modified from time to time by any Permitted Policy and Valuation Amendment). 
 Issuing Bank means each Dollar Issuing Bank and each Multicurrency Issuing Bank. 
 JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 30 

Junior Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Late-Stage Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 LC Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit. The aggregate amount of each Issuing Bank s LC Commitment is set forth on Schedule I (as amended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08), or in the agreement pursuant to Section 2.05(j) or Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Issuing Bank shall have assumed its LC Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of all Issuing Banks LC Commitments as of the Effective Date is 30,000,000. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time (including any Letter of Credit for which a draft has been presented but not yet honored by any Issuing Bank) plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of such Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Multicurrency Lender at any time shall be such Lender s Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of the total Multicurrency LC Exposure at such time and the LC Exposure of any Dollar Lender at any time shall be such Lender s Applicable Dollar Percentage of the total Dollar LC Exposure at such time. 
 Lead Arrangers means JPMCB and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in their capacities as lead arrangers hereunder and any other Person who becomes a Lead Arranger hereunder with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Lenders means, collectively, the Dollar Lenders and the Multicurrency Lenders. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes each Swingline Lender. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(k). 
 Letter of Credit Documents means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, collectively, any application therefor and any other agreements, instruments, guarantees or other documents (whether general in application or applicable only to such Letter of Credit) governing or providing for (a) the rights and obligations of the parties concerned or at risk with respect to such Letter of Credit or (b) any collateral security for any of such obligations, each as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities (other than on market terms at fair 
 31 

value so long as in the case of any portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments), the Value used in determining the Borrowing Base is not greater than the call price), except in favor of the issuer thereof (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Investments that are loans or other debt obligations, customary or otherwise market restrictions on assignments or transfers, buyout rights, voting rights, right of first offer or refusal thereof pursuant to the underlying documentation of such Investment shall not be deemed to be a Lien and, in the case of portfolio investments (including Portfolio Investments) that are equity securities, excluding customary drag-along, tag-along, buyout rights, voting rights, right of first offer or refusal, restrictions on assignments or transfers and other similar rights in favor of other equity holders of the same issuer). 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Letter of Credit Documents, the Security Documents, and any fee letter among the Borrower and any other party hereto. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 
 Local Rate means (i) for Loans or Letters of Credit in AUD, the AUD Rate and (ii) for Loans or Letters of Credit in Canadian Dollars, CDOR. 
 Local Time means, with respect to any Loan denominated in or any payment to be made in any Currency, the local time in the Principal Financial Center for the Currency in which such Loan is denominated or such payment is to be made. 
 Long-Term U.S. Government Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, Portfolio Investments and other assets, liabilities and financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (excluding in any case a decline in the net asset value of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a change in general market conditions or values of the Investments of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder. 
 Material Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement) and obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount outstanding exceeding 25,000,000. 
 Maturity Date means March 17, 2028. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21. 
 Mezzanine Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 32 

Modification Offer means, to the extent required by the definition of Other Secured Indebtedness, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness an obligation that will be satisfied if at least 10 Business Days (or, such shorter period if 10 Business Days is not practicable) prior to the incurrence of such Other Secured Indebtedness, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, as applicable, the Borrower shall have provided notice to the Administrative Agent of the terms thereof that do not satisfy the requirements for such type of Indebtedness set forth in the respective definitions herein, which notice shall contain reasonable detail of the terms thereof and an unconditional offer by the Borrower to amend this Agreement to the extent necessary to satisfy the requirements in the definition of Other Secured Indebtedness , Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness , as applicable. If any such Modification Offer is accepted by the Required Lenders within 10 Business Days of receipt of such offer, this Agreement shall be deemed automatically amended (and, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the Borrower shall promptly enter into a written amendment evidencing such amendment), mutatis mutandis, solely to reflect all or some of such more restrictive provisions, as elected by the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing any provision in a Modification Offer (including any associated cure or grace period) incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to the definition of Other Secured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, as applicable, shall be deemed automatically deleted from this Agreement at such time as the terms of such other Indebtedness are permanently amended so that such provision no longer applies or the applicable Other Secured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness is terminated or otherwise no longer in effect. Upon the request of the Borrower, the Lenders shall (at the Borrower s sole cost and expense) enter into any additional agreement or amendment to this Agreement requested by the Borrower evidencing the amendment or deletion of any such provision in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto. 
 Multicurrency Commitment means, with respect to each Multicurrency Lender, the commitment of such Multicurrency Lender to make Loans, and to acquire participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit, denominated in Dollars and in Agreed Foreign Currencies issued by any Multicurrency Issuing Bank hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure permitted hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The aggregate amount of each Lender s Multicurrency Commitment is set forth on Schedule I, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Multicurrency Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Multicurrency Commitments as of the Effective Date is 460,000,000. 
 Multicurrency Issuing Bank means any Issuing Bank identified in Schedule I (as amended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08), that has agreed to issue Letters of Credit under its respective Multicurrency Commitments. 
 33 

Multicurrency LC Exposure means a Multicurrency Lender s LC Exposure under its Multicurrency Commitment. 
 Multicurrency Lender means the Persons listed on Schedule I as having Multicurrency Commitments and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume a Multicurrency Commitment or to acquire Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Multicurrency Loan means, a Loan denominated in Dollars or in an Agreed Foreign Currency under the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Multicurrency Swingline Exposure means a Multicurrency Lender s Swingline Exposure under its Multicurrency Commitment. 
 Multicurrency Swingline Lender means any Swingline Lender identified in Schedule I that has agreed to make Swingline Loans under its respective Multicurrency Commitment. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates makes any contributions. 
 National Currency means the currency, other than the Euro, of a Participating Member State. 
 Net Asset Sale Proceeds means, with respect to any Asset Sale, an amount equal to (i) the sum of net Cash payments and Cash Equivalents received by an Obligor from such Asset Sale (including any Cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received), minus (ii) (v) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection with such transaction (other than in connection with an Asset Sale of any asset subject to the Lien of any Security Document), (w) payments of unassumed liabilities relating to the assets sold or otherwise disposed of at the time, or within 30 days after, the date of such Asset Sale, (x) any costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by such Obligor directly incidental to such Asset Sale, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, (y) all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by such Obligor as a result of such Asset Sale (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions), and (z) reserves for indemnification, purchase price adjustments or analogous arrangements reasonably estimated by such Obligor in connection with such Asset Sale; provided that, if the amount of any estimated reserves pursuant to this clause (z) exceeds the amount actually required to be paid in cash in respect of indemnification, purchase price adjustments or analogous arrangements either required by underlying documentation for such Asset Sale or for such Asset Sale, the aggregate amount of such excess shall constitute Net Asset Sale Proceeds (as of the date the Borrower determines such excess exists). 
 Non-Core Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 34 

Non-Performing Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing Common Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing High Yield Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing Late-Stage Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing Preferred Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligor means, collectively, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a 
 35 

security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Permitted Indebtedness means, (a) Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), including Guarantees of such Indebtedness, arising in connection with transactions in the ordinary course of any Obligor s business in connection with its purchasing of securities, derivatives transactions, repurchase agreements or dollar rolls to the extent such transactions are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Investment Policies; provided that such Indebtedness does not arise in connection with the purchase of Portfolio Investments other than Cash Equivalents and U.S. Government Securities and (b) Indebtedness in respect of judgments or awards so long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII. 
 Other Secured Indebtedness means, as at any date, Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that (a) is secured pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement as described in clause (d) of this definition, (b) has no scheduled amortization prior to (other than for amortization in an amount not greater than 1 of the aggregate initial principal amount of such Indebtedness per year; provided that amortization in excess of 1 per year shall be permitted so long as the amount of such amortization in excess of 1 is permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) hereof), and a final maturity date not earlier than, 6 months after the Maturity Date (it being understood that (x) none of (i) the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under convertible notes, (ii) the triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares (which may be payable in cash), (iii) any customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof, (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment provisions required by the terms thereof or (v) any mandatory prepayment provisions as a result of any borrowing base or collateral base deficiency, in any case shall constitute amortization for the purposes of this definition and (y) any mandatory amortization that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including, without limitation, a change of control or bankruptcy) shall not in and of itself be deemed to disqualify such Indebtedness under this clause (b); provided that if any mandatory prepayment is required under such Other Secured Indebtedness, the Borrower shall offer to repay Loans (and cash collateralize Letters of Credit, if any) in an amount at least equal to the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure s ratable share (such ratable share being determined based on the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Exposures as compared to the Other Secured Indebtedness being paid)); provided further that the Borrower shall only be required to make an offer to repay the Loans (or provide for LC Exposure) to the extent of any amounts that the Borrower would not be permitted to borrow as a new Loan hereunder at such time), (c) is incurred pursuant to documentation that, taken as a whole, is not materially more restrictive than market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arm s length basis (other than financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base and events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in the Loan Documents or credit agreements generally), which shall be no more restrictive in any material respect than those set forth in the Loan Documents)); provided 
 36 

that, the Obligors may incur any Other Secured Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this clause (c) if it has duly made a Modification Offer (whether or not it is accepted by the Required Lenders) (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible securities, in connection with the suspension or delisting of the capital stock of the Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its capital stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or be Events of Default under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition)), and (d) is not secured by any assets of an Obligor other than pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and the holders of which, or the agent, trustee or representative of such holders, have agreed, in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, to be bound by the provisions of the Security Documents. 
 Other Taxes means, any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document from the execution, delivery, performance, registration or enforcement of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.20(b)). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the legislation of the European Union relating to the European Monetary Union. 
 Participation Interest means, a participation interest in an investment that at the time of acquisition by an Obligor satisfies each of the following criteria: (a) the underlying investment would constitute a Portfolio Investment were it acquired directly by an Obligor, (b) the seller of the participation is an Excluded Asset, (c) the entire purchase price for such participation is paid in full at the time of its acquisition and (d) the participation provides the participant all of the economic benefit and risk of the whole or part of such portfolio investment that is the subject of such participation. 
 PBGC means the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation as referred to and defined in ERISA. 
 37 

Performing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Common Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing DIP Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing First Lien Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Preferred Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Performing Second Lien Bank Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Permitted Advisor Loan means any Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower or another Obligor that (a) is owed to the Fidelity Advisor, (b) has no mandatory amortization prior to, and a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Maturity Date, (c) is permitted by the Investment Company Act, (d) is not secured by any property or assets (whether of the Borrower, any other Obligor or any other Person), (e) is on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Borrower or such other Obligor than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (f) is on terms and conditions that are not materially more restrictive upon the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, while any Commitments or Loans are outstanding, than those set forth in this Agreement; and (g) the Borrower has elected to treat as a Permitted Advisor Loan by giving written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent. 
 Permitted Equity Interests means, any Equity Interest of any Obligor that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest. 
 38 

Permitted Holder means FMR LLC and each other Person that has been approved by the Administrative Agent from time to time. 
 Permitted Indebtedness means, collectively, Other Secured Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Liens means, (a) Liens imposed by any Governmental Authority for taxes, assessments or charges not yet due or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or any other Obligor in accordance with GAAP; (b) Liens of clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Liens (i) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) purported to be purchased or sold and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with margin financing; (c) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen s, mechanics , carriers , workmens , landlord, storage and repairmen s Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money); (d) Liens incurred or pledges or deposits made to secure obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance or other similar social security legislation (other than Liens in respect of employee benefit plans arising under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or to secure public or statutory obligations; (e) Liens securing the performance of, or payment in respect of, bids, insurance premiums, deductibles or co-insured amounts, tenders, government or utility contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds and other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided that all Liens on any Collateral included in the Borrowing Base that are permitted pursuant to this clause (e) shall have a priority that is junior to the Liens under the Security Documents; (f) Liens arising out of judgments or awards so long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII; (g) customary rights of setoff, banker s lien, security interest or other like right upon (i) deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions in which such cash is maintained in the ordinary course of business, (ii) cash, security entitlements and financial assets held in securities accounts in favor of banks and other financial institutions with which such accounts are maintained in the ordinary course of business and (iii) assets held by a custodian in favor of such custodian in the ordinary course of business securing payment of fees, indemnities, charges for returning items and other similar obligations; provided that, such rights in clauses (i) and (ii) are subordinated to the Lien of the Collateral Agent, pursuant to the terms of a Control Agreement (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement); (h) Liens arising solely from precautionary filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdictions in respect of operating leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (i) easements, rights of way, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not interfere with or affect in any material respect the ordinary course conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (j) Liens in favor of any escrow agent solely on and in respect of any cash earnest money deposits made by any Obligor in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement (to the extent that the acquisition or disposition with respect thereto is otherwise permitted hereunder); (k) precautionary Liens, and filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code, covering assets purported to be sold or contributed to any Person not prohibited hereunder and (l) 
 39 

any restrictions on the sale or disposition of assets arising from a loan sale agreement between or among one or more Obligors with one or more Excluded Assets or with respect to any asset subject to a Back-to-Back Transaction; provided such restrictions with respect to this clause (l) do not adversely affect the enforceability of the Collateral Agent s first-priority security interest on any Collateral. 
 Permitted Policy and Valuation Amendment means any change, alteration, expansion, amendment, modification, restatement or replacement of the Investment Policies or Valuation Policy that is, in the case of (1) the Investment Policies (a) required by any applicable law, rule or regulation or Governmental Authority or (b) the effect of which is that the permitted investment size of the Portfolio Investments proportionately increases as the size of the Borrower s capital base changes and (2) in the case of the Valuation Policy, (a) required under GAAP or (b) required by any applicable law, rule or regulation or Governmental Authority. 
 Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Permitted SBIC Guarantee means a guarantee by one or more Obligors of Indebtedness of an SBIC Subsidiary on the SBA s then applicable form (or the applicable form at the time such guarantee was entered into). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means, any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Portfolio Investment means, any Investment (including a Participation Interest) held by the Obligors in their asset portfolio (and solely for purposes of determining the Borrowing Base, and of the definition of Designated Subsidiary and Sections 6.02(d), 6.03(d), 6.04(d) and clause (p) of Article VII, Cash and Cash Equivalents, excluding Cash pledged as cash collateral for Letters of Credit). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that (A) any Portfolio Investments that have been contributed or sold, purported to be contributed or sold or otherwise transferred to any Excluded Asset, or held by any Immaterial Subsidiary or Controlled Foreign Corporation that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor, shall not be treated as Portfolio Investments and (B) any Investment in which any Obligor has sold a participation therein to a Person that is not an Obligor shall not be treated as a Portfolio Investment to the extent of such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall limit the provisions of Section 5.12(b)(i), which provides that, for purposes of this Agreement, all determinations of whether an investment is to be included as a Portfolio Investment shall be determined on a settlement date basis (meaning that any investment that has 
 40 

been purchased will not be treated as a Portfolio Investment until such purchase has settled, and any Portfolio Investment which has been sold will not be excluded as a Portfolio Investment until such sale has settled); provided that no such investment shall be included as a Portfolio Investment to the extent it has not been paid for in full. 
 Preferred Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Principal Financial Center means, in the case of any Currency, the principal financial center where such Currency is cleared and settled, as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.18. 
 Quarterly Dates means the last Business Day of March, June, September and December in each year. 
 Quoted Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A). 
 Redemption Amount for each quarterly period, the lesser of: 
 (y) the actual amount of Equity Interests of the Borrower redeemed, bought back or purchased during such period (other than amounts of common stock purchased in connection with tender offers), and 
 (z) the excess (if any) of (1) the net cash proceeds of the sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than proceeds of any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan) issued in such quarterly period minus (2) the aggregate amount paid or distributed by the Borrower to purchase its shares of common stock in connection with tender offers in such quarterly period. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if the 
 41 

RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (4) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or SONIA, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c). 
 Regulations D, T, U and X means, respectively, Regulations D, T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time. 
 Reinvestment Agreement means a guaranteed reinvestment agreement from a bank (if treated as a deposit by such bank), insurance company or other corporation or entity, in each case, at the date of such acquisition having a credit rating of at least A-1 from S P and at least P-1 from Moody s; provided that such agreement provides that it is terminable by the purchaser, without penalty, if the rating assigned to such agreement by either S P or Moody s is at any time lower than such ratings. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, trustees, administrators, employees, agents, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio means, as of any date, the Asset Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Quarterly Date. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto and (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing (other than any Swingline Loan) denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in AUD, the AUD Rate, (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, (v) with respect to any Swingline Loan or Borrowing denominated in Sterling, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, (vi) with respect to any Swingline Loan denominated in Euros, the Daily Simple ESTR, (vii) with respect to any Swingline Loan denominated in 
 42 

Dollars, the Alternate Base Rate and (viii) with respect to any Swingline Loan denominated in CAD, the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 Representatives has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(b). 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time. The Required Lenders of a Class (which shall include the terms Required Dollar Lenders and Required Multicurrency Lenders means Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of such Class representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of such Class at such time; provided that the Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lenders shall be disregarded in the determination of Required Lenders of a Class to the extent provided for in Section 2.19. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Restricted Payment means, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any shares of any class of capital stock of the Borrower or any other Obligor, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares of capital stock or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock (other than any equity awards granted to employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates), provided , for clarity, neither the conversion or settlement of convertible debt into capital stock nor the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of convertible debt made solely with capital stock (other than interest or expenses or fractional shares, which may be payable in cash) shall be a Restricted Payment hereunder. 
 Return of Capital means, any net cash amount received by an Obligor in respect of the outstanding principal of any Portfolio Investment owned by such Obligor (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, but not including any prepayment of a revolver that does not permanently reduce the related commitments) and any net cash proceeds received by such Obligor of the sale of any property or assets pledged as collateral in respect of any Portfolio Investment to the extent such Obligor is permitted to retain all such proceeds (under law or contract) minus all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of such return of capital or receipt of proceeds (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions) minus any costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by such Obligor directly incidental to such return of capital or receipt of proceeds, including reasonable legal fees and expenses. 
 Reuters has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Exchange Rate . 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in an Agreed Foreign 
 43 

Currency, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, (iii) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month); and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably and in good faith determine or the Required Lenders shall reasonably and in good faith require; provided that such determination or requirement under this subclause (iv) shall not result in the occurrence of a Revaluation Date more frequently than monthly; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, (ii) each date of an amendment of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (iii) each date of any payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank shall reasonably and in good faith determine or the Required Lenders shall reasonably and in good faith require; provided that such determination or requirement under this subclause (iv) shall not result in the occurrence of a Revaluation Date more frequently than monthly. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of such Lender s Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure and Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans at such time, made or incurred under the Dollar Commitments, and such Lender s Dollar LC Exposure. 
 Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans at such time, made or incurred under the Multicurrency Commitments, and such Lender s Multicurrency LC Exposure. 
 RFR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RIC means a person qualifying for treatment as a regulated investment company under the Code. 
 S P means S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., a New York corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 44 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of comprehensive Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, the so called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, (b) any Person organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any Lender. 
 SBA means the United States Small Business Administration or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions thereof. 
 SBIC Equity Commitment means a commitment by any Obligor to make one or more capital contributions to an SBIC Subsidiary. 
 SBIC Subsidiary means, any (i) direct or indirect wholly-owned (except for directors, managers or other similar qualifying shares) Subsidiary (including such Subsidiary s general partner or managing entity to the extent that the only material asset of such general partner or managing entity is its equity interest in the SBIC Subsidiary) of any Obligor licensed as a small business investment company under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (or that has applied for such a license and is actively pursuing the granting thereof by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted), and which is designated by the Borrower (pursuant to a certificate of an Authorized Signatory delivered to the Administrative Agent) as an SBIC Subsidiary and (ii) any direct or indirect wholly-owned (except for directors, managers or other similar qualifying shares) Subsidiary (including such Subsidiary s general partner or managing entity to the extent that the only material asset of such general partner or managing entity is its equity interest in the SBIC Subsidiary) of a Person described in clause (i). 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions thereof. 
 Second Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11. 
 Second Lien Bank Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 45 

Secured Obligations has the meaning set forth in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Secured Party has the meaning set forth in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Securities Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Security Documents means, collectively, the Guarantee and Security Agreement and all other assignments, pledge agreements, security agreements, intercreditor agreements, control agreements and other instruments, in each case, executed and delivered at any time by any of the Obligors pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement or otherwise providing or relating to any collateral security for any of the Secured Obligations. 
 Senior Debt Amount means, as of any date, the greater of (i) the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) the Combined Debt Amount. 
 Senior Investment Minimum Covenant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(h). 
 Senior Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Senior Securities means any senior security (as such term is defined and determined pursuant to Section 18 of the Investment Company Act and any orders, declarations, opinions, relief or letters issued by the SEC, in each case, as in effect as of the Effective Date). 
 Shareholders Equity means, at any date, the amount determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of shareholders equity for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date. 
 Short-Term U.S. Government Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of an Obligor issued after the Effective Date (which may be guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that : 
 (a)	has no amortization prior to its maturity date and that has a final maturity date earlier than six months after the Maturity Date and an initial term of at least 3 years as of the issuance date (or, so long as such date is no more than ten (10) Business Days earlier than such issuance date, the initial pricing date), except to the extent such unsecured indebtedness constitutes Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness (it being understood that (x) none of (i) the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under convertible notes, (ii) the triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares (which may be payable in cash), (iii) any customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof, (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment provisions required by the terms thereof or (v) any mandatory 
 46 

prepayment provisions as a result of any borrowing base or collateral base deficiency, in any case shall constitute amortization for the purposes of this definition and (y) any mandatory amortization that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including, without limitation, a change of control or bankruptcy) shall not in and of itself be deemed to disqualify such Indebtedness under this clause (a); provided, with respect to this clause (y), any payment prior to the earlier to occur of the maturity date with respect to such Indebtedness and the Facility Termination Date shall only be made to the extent permitted by Section 6.12 and immediately upon such contingent event occurring the amount of such mandatory amortization shall be included in the Covered Debt Amount); 
 (b)	is incurred pursuant to terms that are substantially comparable to (or more favorable to such Obligor than) market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arm s length basis (except, in each case, other than financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base and events of default (except, in each case, other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in the Loan Documents or credit agreements generally), which shall be no more restrictive upon such Obligor and its Subsidiaries in any material respect, than those set forth in the Loan Documents; provided that, an Obligor may incur any Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this parenthetical of this clause (b) if it has duly made a Modification Offer (whether or not it is accepted by the Required Lenders) (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or be Events of Default under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition)); and 
 (c)	is not secured by any assets of any Obligor. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness shall also include any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness so long as such refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended Indebtedness would satisfy the requirements of this definition if newly incurred at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension. 
 Significant Subsidiary means, at any time of determination, (a) any Obligor or (b) any other Subsidiary that, on a consolidated basis with such its Subsidiaries, has aggregate assets or aggregate revenues exceeding the greater of (i) 50,000,000 and (ii) 10 of the aggregate assets or aggregate revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, at such time. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 47 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 Special Equity Interest means, any Equity Interest that is subject to a Lien in favor of creditors of the issuer of such Equity Interest or such issuer s subsidiaries; provided that (a) such Lien was created to secure Indebtedness owing by such issuer or its subsidiaries to such creditors, (b) such Indebtedness was (i) in existence at the time the Obligors acquired such Equity Interest, (ii) incurred or assumed by such issuer substantially contemporaneously with such acquisition or (iii) already subject to a Lien granted to such creditors and (c) unless such Equity Interest is not intended to be included in the Collateral, the documentation creating or governing such Lien does not prohibit the inclusion of such Equity Interest in the Collateral. 
 Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred after the Effective Date that is Indebtedness (which may be Guaranteed by one or more Obligors) that satisfies all of the criteria specified in the definition of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness other than clause (a) thereof so long as such Indebtedness has a final maturity date of at least five years from the date of the initial issuance (or, so long as such date is no more than ten (10) Business Days earlier than such issuance date, the initial pricing date) of such Indebtedness. 
 Specified Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11. 
 Specified Default means any Default other than a Borrowing Base Deficiency or a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency. 
 Specified Place has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11. 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means, collectively, (a) customary arms length servicing obligations (together with any related performance guarantees), (b) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees) to refund the purchase price or grant purchase price credits for dilutive events or misrepresentations (in each case unrelated to the collectability of the assets sold or the creditworthiness of the associated account debtors), (c) representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities (together with any related performance 
 48 

guarantees) of a type that are reasonably customary in commercial loan securitizations, accounts receivable securitizations, securitizations of financial assets or loans to special purpose vehicles, including those owed to customary third-party service providers in connection with such transactions, such as rating agencies and accountants and (d) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees) under any customary bad boy guarantee. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Sterling means the lawful currency of England. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Subsidiary shall not include any Person that constitutes an Investment held by any Obligor in its investment portfolio in the ordinary course of business and that is not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means any Subsidiary that is a Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement. It is understood and agreed that Excluded Assets and Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not be required to be Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.18. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Multicurrency 
 49 

Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of the total Multicurrency Swingline Exposure at such time and the Swingline Exposure of any Dollar Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Dollar Percentage of the total Dollar Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Swingline Lender means any of JPMCB in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder and each additional Swingline Lender designated pursuant to Section 2.04(f). 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04. 
 Syndicated Loan means any Loan other than a Swingline Loan. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments or fees imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the applicable Local Rate. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
 50 

Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Tested Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(iii)(B). 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Transferred Assets has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(h). 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans constituting such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Term Benchmark, the Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 U.S. Government Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.18. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unasserted Contingent Obligations means all (i) unasserted contingent indemnification obligations not then due and payable and (ii) unasserted expense reimbursement obligations not then due and payable. For the avoidance of doubt, Unasserted Contingent Obligations shall not include any reimbursement obligations in respect of any Letter of Credit. 
 Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 
 51 

Unquoted Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B). 
 Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness means, any Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that: 
 (a)	has no scheduled amortization prior to (other than for amortization in an amount not greater than 1 of the aggregate initial principal amount of such Indebtedness per annum, provided that amortization in excess of 1 per annum shall be permitted so long as the amount of such amortization in excess of 1 is permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01 hereof), and a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Maturity Date (it being understood that (x) none of (i) the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under convertible notes, (ii) the triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares (which may be payable in cash), (iii) any customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof, (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment provisions required by the terms thereof, (v) any mandatory prepayment provisions as a result of any borrowing base or collateral base deficiency, (vi) any customary mandatory prepayment provisions required by the terms thereof or (vii) any customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof, in any case shall constitute amortization for the purposes of this definition and (y) any mandatory amortization that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including, without limitation, a change of control or bankruptcy) shall not in and of itself be deemed to disqualify such Indebtedness under this clause (a)); 
 (b)	is incurred pursuant to terms that are substantially comparable to (or more favorable to such Obligor than) market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arm s length basis (other than financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base and events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in the Loan Documents or credit agreements generally), which shall be no more restrictive upon such Obligor and its Subsidiaries in any material respect than those set forth in the Loan Documents)); 
 provided that, such Obligor may incur any Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this clause (b) if it has duly made a Modification Offer (whether or not it is accepted by the Required Lenders) (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or be Events of Default under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition)); and 
 (c)	is not secured by any assets of any Obligor. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness shall also include any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness so 
 52 

long as such refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended Indebtedness continues to satisfy the requirements of this definition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness shall include any Disqualified Equity Interests so long as the Borrower is not permitted or required to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire, cancel or terminate any such Equity Interest (other than (x) as a result of a change of control or asset sale or (y) in connection with any purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination with, or in exchange for, Equity Interest) prior to the date that is six months after the Maturity Date. 
 		 Valuation Policy means the Borrower s valuation policy titled Valuation Policies: Fidelity Alternatives Funds March 2023 (as may be modified from time to time by any Permitted Policy and Valuation Amendment). 
 Valuation Testing Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(iii)(A). 
 Value has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete withdrawal or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02.	 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Dollar Loan or a Multicurrency Loan ), by Type e.g. , an ABR Loan , RFR Loan or Term Benchmark Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Multicurrency Term Benchmark Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Dollar Borrowing , RFR Borrowing or a Multicurrency Borrowing ), by Type e.g. , an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a Multicurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing ). Loans and Borrowings may also be identified by Currency. 
 SECTION 1.03.	 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word 
 53 

shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, renewed or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements, renewals or modifications set forth herein or therein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. For the avoidance of doubt, any cash payment (other than any cash payment on account of interest or expenses or fractional shares) made by the Borrower in respect of any conversion features in any convertible securities shall constitute a regularly scheduled payment, prepayment or redemption of principal and interest within the meaning of clause (a) of Section 6.12. Solely for purposes of this Agreement, any references to principal amount or obligations owed by any Person under any (x) Hedging Agreement (other than a total return swap) shall refer to the amount that would be required to be paid by such Person if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time (after giving effect to any netting agreement) less any collateral posted in support thereof and (y) total return swap shall refer to the notional amount thereof less any collateral posted in support thereof. 
 SECTION 1.04.	 Accounting Terms; GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to enter into negotiations in good faith in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to equitably reflect such change to comply with GAAP with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s financial condition shall be the same after such change to comply with GAAP as if such change had not been made. The Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that whether or not the Borrower may at any time adopt Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification 820 or 825-10 (or, in each case, any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) or accounts for liabilities acquired in an acquisition on a fair value basis pursuant to Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities), all determinations of compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be made on the basis that the Borrower has not adopted Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification 820 or 825-10 (or, in each case, any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) or, in the case of liabilities 
 54 

acquired in an acquisition, Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or such successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities). 
 SECTION 1.05.	 Currencies; Currency Equivalents . 
 (a)	 Currencies Generally . At any time, any reference in the definition of the term Agreed Foreign Currency or in any other provision of this Agreement to the Currency of any particular nation means the lawful currency of such nation at such time whether or not the name of such Currency is the same as it was on the Effective Date. Except as provided in Section 2.10(b) and the last sentence of Section 2.18(a), for purposes of determining (i) whether the amount of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit under the Multicurrency Commitments, together with all other Borrowings and Letters of Credit under the Multicurrency Commitments then outstanding or to be borrowed at the same time as such Borrowing, would exceed the aggregate amount of such Multicurrency Commitments, (ii) the aggregate unutilized amount of the Multicurrency Commitments, (iii) the Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure, (iv) the Multicurrency LC Exposure, (v) the Covered Debt Amount and (vi) the Borrowing Base or the Value of any Portfolio Investment, the outstanding principal amount of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit that is denominated in any Foreign Currency or the Value of any Portfolio Investment that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the Foreign Currency of such Borrowing, Letter of Credit or Portfolio Investment, as the case may be, determined as of the date of such Borrowing or Letter of Credit (determined in accordance with the last sentence of the definition of the term Interest Period or the date of valuation of such Portfolio Investment, as the case may be; provided that in connection with the delivery of any Borrowing Base Certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(d) or (e), such amounts shall be determined as of the date of delivery of such Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 (b)	 Special Provisions Relating to Euro . Each obligation hereunder of any party hereto that is denominated in the National Currency of a state that is not a Participating Member State on the Effective Date shall, effective from the date on which such state becomes a Participating Member State, be redenominated in Euro in accordance with the legislation of the European Union applicable to the European Monetary Union; provided that, if and to the extent that any such legislation provides that any such obligation of any such party payable within such Participating Member State by crediting an account of the creditor can be paid by the debtor either in Euros or such National Currency, such party shall be entitled to pay or repay such amount either in Euros or in such National Currency. If the basis of accrual of interest or fees expressed in this Agreement with respect to an Agreed Foreign Currency of any country that becomes a Participating Member State after the date on which such currency becomes an Agreed Foreign Currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest or fees in respect of the Euro, such convention or practice shall replace such expressed basis effective as of and from the date on which such state becomes a Participating Member State; provided that, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in such currency that is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect at the end of the Interest Period therefor. 
 Without prejudice to the respective liabilities of the Borrower to the Lenders and the Lenders to the Borrower under or pursuant to this Agreement, each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative 
 55 

Agent may from time to time, in consultation with the Borrower, reasonably specify to be necessary or appropriate to reflect the introduction or changeover to the Euro in any country that becomes a Participating Member State after the Effective Date; provided that the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower and the Lenders with prior notice of the proposed change with an explanation of such change in sufficient time to permit the Borrower and the Lenders an opportunity to respond to such proposed change. 
 (c)	 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . The Administrative Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate for any Foreign Currency as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Loans, Letters of Credit and Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in such Foreign Currency. Such Exchange Rate shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Exchange Rate employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Foreign Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Agreed Foreign Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any basket in this Agreement, in no event shall any Obligor be deemed not to be in compliance with any such basket solely as a result of a change in Exchange Rates. 
 SECTION 1.06.	 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized or acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 1.07.	 Outstanding Indebtedness . To the extent that any Indebtedness, that is otherwise permitted to be repaid pursuant to Section 6.12 is defeased on terms customary for senior unsecured notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act for a period not to exceed more than sixty (60) days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) and in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of Section 6.01 and the definition of Covered Debt Amount to the extent of the amount of such defeasance. 
 SECTION 1.08.	 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of 
 56 

regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.15(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Article II THE CREDITS 
 SECTION 2.01.	 The Commitments 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: 
 (a)	each Dollar Lender severally agrees to make Dollar Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender s Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Dollar Commitment, (ii) the aggregate Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure of all of the Lenders exceeding the total Dollar Commitments or (iii) the total Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect; and 
 (b)	each Multicurrency Lender severally agrees to make Multicurrency Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender s Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Multicurrency Commitment, (ii) the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure of all of the Lenders exceeding the total Multicurrency Commitments, or (iii) the total Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect. 
 Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. 
 57 

SECTION 2.02.	 Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a)	 Obligations of Lenders . Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class, Currency and Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the same Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b)	 Type of Loans . Subject to Section 2.13, each Borrowing of a Class shall be constituted entirely of ABR Loans, of RFR Loans or of Term Benchmark Loans of such Class denominated in a single Currency as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each ABR Loan shall be denominated in Dollars. Each Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency shall be constituted entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that (x) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (y) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize any increased costs to the Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of the Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it determines would be otherwise disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply). 
 (c)	 Minimum Amounts . Each Borrowing (whether Term Benchmark, RFR, Swingline or ABR) shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, with respect to any Agreed Foreign Currency, such smaller minimum amount as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent; provided that a Borrowing of a Class may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unutilized balance of the total Commitments of such Class or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement of such Class as contemplated by Section 2.05(f). Borrowings of more than one Class, Currency and Type may be outstanding at the same time. 
 (d)	 Limitations on Interest Periods . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request (or to elect to convert to or continue as a Term Benchmark Borrowing) any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested therefor would end after the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03.	 Requests for Borrowings . 
 (a)	 Notice by the Borrower . To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by delivery of a signed Borrowing Request or by e-mail (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency (other than AUD), not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 
 58 

p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing or (iv) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, five Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (v) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in AUD, not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, four Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such e-mail Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, telecopy or e-mail to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request, signed by the Borrower. 
 (b)	 Content of Borrowing Requests . Each request for a Borrowing (whether a written Borrowing Request or an e-mail request) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
 (i)	whether such Borrowing is to be made under the Dollar Commitments or the Multicurrency Commitments; 
 (ii)	the aggregate amount and Currency of such Borrowing; 
 (iii)	the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iv)	in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing; 
 (v)	in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period therefor, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d); and 
 (vi)	the location and number of the Borrower s account (or such other account(s) as the Borrower may designate in a written Borrowing Request accompanied by information reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as to the identity and purpose of such other account(s)) to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.06. 
 (c)	 Notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders . Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of the amounts of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 (d)	 Failure to Elect . If no election as to the Class of a Borrowing is specified in a Borrowing Request, then the requested Borrowing shall be denominated in Dollars and shall be a Multicurrency Borrowing (or, to the extent such requested Borrowing exceeds the available Multicurrency Commitments, a Dollar Borrowing in an amount equal to such excess to the extent there is availability under the Dollar Commitments). If no election as to the Currency of a Borrowing is specified in a Borrowing Request, then the requested Borrowing shall be denominated in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of a Borrowing is specified in a Borrowing Request, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing having an Interest Period of one month and if an Agreed Foreign Currency has been specified, the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in such Agreed Foreign Currency having an Interest Period of one month; provided, however, if the specified Foreign 
 59 

Currency is Sterling, the requested Borrowing shall be an RFR Borrowing. If a Term Benchmark Borrowing is requested but no Interest Period is specified, (i) if the Currency specified for such Borrowing is Dollars (or if no Currency has been so specified), the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars having an Interest Period of one month s duration, and (ii) if the Currency specified for such Borrowing is an Agreed Foreign Currency, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 SECTION 2.04.	 Swingline Loans. 
 (a)	 Agreement to Make Swingline Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swingline Lender severally agrees to make Swingline Loans under (x) the Multicurrency Commitment in the case of each Multicurrency Swingline Lender or (y) the Dollar Commitment in the case of each Dollar Swingline Lender, in each case, to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in Dollars and in AUD, CAD, Euros and Sterling in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 60,000,000 (or such lesser amount as may be permitted after giving effect to the application of the other sub-clauses of this clause (a)), (ii) (x) the sum of any Multicurrency Swingline Lender s outstanding Syndicated Multicurrency Loans, its Multicurrency LC Exposure, its outstanding Swingline Loans and (without duplication) its other Multicurrency Swingline Exposure exceeding its Multicurrency Commitment or (y) the sum of any Dollar Swingline Lender s outstanding Syndicated Dollar Loans, its Dollar LC Exposure, its outstanding Swingline Loans and (without duplication) its other Dollar Swingline Exposure exceeding its Dollar Commitment; (iii) the total Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments or the total Revolving Dollar Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Dollar Commitments, (iv) the total Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect; provided that no Swingline Lender shall be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan and (v) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans issued by any given Swingline Lender exceeding 60,000,000. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. The Borrower may not request, and no Swingline Lender shall issue, more than four (4) Swingline Loans denominated in Sterling in the aggregate in any calendar year. 
 (b)	 Notice of Swingline Loans by the Borrower . To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request in writing, (i) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars, not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day of such proposed Swingline Loan, (ii) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in AUD, not later than 11:00 a.m., London time, on the Business Day prior to such proposed Swingline Loan, (iii) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in CAD, not later than 12:00 p.m., Toronto, Ontario time, on the Business Day of such proposed Swingline Loan, (iv) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Euros, not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, on the Business Day of such proposed Swingline Loan and (v) in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Sterling, not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, on the Business Day of such proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Swingline Lender from which such Swingline Loan shall be made, the requested date (which 
 60 

shall be a Business Day) and the amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the applicable Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. Each Swingline Lender shall make each applicable Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02, the Administrative Agent shall release the Swingline Loans to the Borrower upon receipt thereof. 
 (c)	 Participations by Lenders in Swingline Loans . Any Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent (i) not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time on any Business Day, in the case of outstanding Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender denominated in Dollars, require the Lenders of the applicable Class to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of such Swingline Loans and (ii) not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time on any Business Day, in the case of outstanding Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender denominated in any Foreign Currency, require the Lenders of the applicable Class to acquire participations on the third Business Day following the Business Day on which notice was received in all or a portion of such Swingline Loans. Such notice to the Administrative Agent shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which the Multicurrency Lenders or Dollar Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Multicurrency Lender or Dollar Lender, as applicable, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable Dollar Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above in this paragraph, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for account of any applicable Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable Dollar Percentage of the applicable Swingline Loan or Loans, provided that no Multicurrency Lender shall be required to purchase a participation in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this Section if (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 would not be satisfied in respect of a Borrowing at the time such Swingline Loan was made and (y) the Required Lenders of the applicable Class shall have so notified the Administrative Agent and applicable Swingline Lender in writing prior to the time such Swingline Loan was made and shall not have subsequently determined that the circumstances giving rise to such conditions not being satisfied no longer exist. Unless a Swingline Lender has received the written notice referred to in the previous sentence prior to the time such Swingline Loan was made that one or more applicable conditions contained in Section 4.02 shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Swingline Lender shall be entitled to assume all such conditions are satisfied. 
 Subject to the foregoing, each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph (c) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Multicurrency Commitments or Dollar Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.08 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 
 61 

2.08 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the applicable Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders of the applicable Class that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the applicable Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d)	 Replacement of Swingline Lenders . Any Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Multicurrency Lenders or Dollar Lenders, as applicable, of any such resignation and replacement of any Swingline Lender. In addition, if any Swingline Lender, in its capacity as a Lender, assigns all of its Loans and Commitments in connection with the terms of this Agreement, such Swingline Lender shall be deemed to have automatically resigned as a Swingline Lender hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Multicurrency Lenders or Dollar Lenders, as applicable of any such replacement of any Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement or resignation shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced or resigning Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.11. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans to be made thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender and/or Swingline Lenders shall be deemed to refer to such successor or successors (and the other current Swingline Lenders, if applicable) or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor or successors (and all other current Swingline Lenders) and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement or resignation of an Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced or resigning Swingline Lender shall have no obligation to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (e)	 Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.04(d) above. 
 (f)	 Designation of Additional Swingline Lenders . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, designate as additional Swingline Lenders one (1) or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as a Swingline Lender hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Lender and, from and after the effective date of such 
 62 

agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) references herein or therein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as a maker of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 SECTION 2.05.	 Letters of Credit . 
 (a)	 General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in Section 2.01, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue, and each Issuing Bank severally agrees to issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in any Agreed Foreign Currency for its own account or the account of its designee (provided the Obligors shall remain primarily liable to the Lenders hereunder for payment and reimbursement of all amounts payable in respect of such Letter of Credit hereunder) in such form as is acceptable to both such Issuing Bank and the Borrower in their respective reasonable determinations and for the benefit of such named beneficiary or beneficiaries as are specified by the Borrower. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Multicurrency Commitments or the Dollar Commitments, as applicable, up to the aggregate amount then available to be drawn thereunder. Without limiting any rights of an Issuing Bank under this Section, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit denominated in any Foreign Currency if at the time of such issuance, such Issuing Bank, in its capacity as a Lender, would not be required to make Loans in such Foreign Currency hereunder. 
 (b)	 Notice of Issuance, Amendment or Extension . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by e-mail, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by such Issuing Bank) to any Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (which shall be at least 3 Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (d) of this Section), the amount, Class and Currency of such Letter of Credit, stating that such Letter of Credit is to be issued under the Multicurrency Commitments, in the case of any Multicurrency Issuing Bank, or the Dollar Commitments, in the case of any Dollar Issuing Bank, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the applicable Class of Lenders following the issuance of any Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, any Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 
 	An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 
 63 

(i)	 any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator, in each case, with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment or decree, or law shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; or 
 (ii)	 the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (c)	 Limitations on Amounts . A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure at such time of the Issuing Banks (determined for these purposes without giving effect to the participations therein of the Lenders pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section) shall not exceed 30,000,000 (or such greater amount as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Issuing Banks from time to time), (ii) the aggregate LC Exposure of such Issuing Bank (determined for these purposes without giving effect to the participations therein of the Lenders pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section) shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s LC Commitment (or such greater amount as may be agreed between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank from time to time, subject to clause (c)(i) above), (iii) the total Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments and the total Revolving Dollar Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Dollar Commitments, (iv) with respect to each Issuing Bank (without duplication), the sum of such Issuing Bank s outstanding Syndicated Loans of a Class, its LC Exposure of such Class, its outstanding Swingline Loans of such Class and its Swingline Exposure of such Class shall not exceed its Commitment of such Class and (v) the total Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect. 
 (d)	 Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the date twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any or extension thereof, twelve months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit, so long as such extension occurs within three months of such then-current expiration date); provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the extension thereof for additional one-year periods; provided further , that (x) in no event shall a Letter of Credit expire after the Commitment Termination Date unless the Borrower (1) deposits Cash, on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date, into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, an amount equal to 102 of the undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit that remain outstanding as of the close of business on the Commitment Termination Date and (2) pays in full, on or prior to the Commitment Termination Date, all commissions required to be paid with respect to any such Letter of Credit through the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit and (y) no Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date after the Maturity Date. 
 64 

(e)	 Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) by an Issuing Bank, and without any further action on the part of such Issuing Bank or the Lenders, (i) in the case of a Multicurrency Issuing Bank, such Multicurrency Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Multicurrency Lender, and each Multicurrency Lender hereby acquires from such Multicurrency Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit and (ii) in the case of a Dollar Issuing Bank, such Dollar Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Dollar Lender, and each Dollar Lender hereby acquires from such Dollar Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Dollar Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the applicable Class of Commitments. 
 In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, (x) each Multicurrency Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Multicurrency Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Multicurrency Issuing Bank and (y) each Dollar Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Dollar Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Dollar Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Dollar Issuing Bank, in each case, promptly upon the request of such Issuing Bank at any time from the time of such LC Disbursement until such LC Disbursement is reimbursed by the Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.05(f), the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that the Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f)	 Reimbursement . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit issued by it, the Borrower shall reimburse such Issuing Bank in respect of such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time; provided that, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein (other than any minimum amounts, including as set forth in Section 2.02(c)), request in accordance with Section 2.03 that 
 65 

such payment be financed with a Term Benchmark Borrowing having an Interest Period of one month s duration of either Class, an RFR Borrowing, an ABR Borrowing or a Swingline Loan of either Class in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Term Benchmark Borrowing having an Interest Period of one month s duration, an RFR Borrowing, ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. 
 If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each affected Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable Dollar Percentage, as applicable, thereof. 
 (g)	 Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit, and (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 
 None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, or any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the Issuing Banks or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Banks; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by any Issuing Bank s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that: 
 (i)	the Issuing Banks may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; 
 66 

(ii)	the Issuing Banks shall have the right, in their sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and 
 (iii)	this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the Issuing Banks when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). 
 (h)	 Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, within the time allowed pursuant to the Letter of Credit Documents following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telecopy or e-mail of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the applicable Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (i)	 Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Term Benchmark Loans having an Interest Period of one month s duration (or, if such LC Disbursement is denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum then applicable to RFR Loans for the applicable Currency); provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement within two Business Days following the date when due pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section, then the provisions of Section 2.12(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (j)	 Replacement of Issuing Banks . Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the applicable Lenders of any such replacement of any Issuing Bank. In addition, if any Issuing Bank, in its capacity as a Lender, assigns all of its Loans and Commitments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Issuing Bank may, with the prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j), or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing), resign as an Issuing Bank hereunder upon not less than three Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, provided further , in determining whether to give any such consent, the Borrower may consider, among other factors, the sufficiency of availability of Letters of Credit hereunder. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all its unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.11(b). From and after the effective 
 67 

date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank and/or Issuing Banks shall be deemed to refer to such successor or successors (and the other current Issuing Banks, if applicable) or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor or successors (and all other current Issuing Banks) and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of any Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (k)	 Cash Collateralization . If the Borrower shall be required to provide cover for its LC Exposure of a Class pursuant to Section 2.09(a), Section 2.10(c), Section 2.10(d), Section 2.10(e) or the last paragraph of Article VII, the Borrower shall promptly deposit into a segregated collateral account or accounts (herein, collectively, the Letter of Credit Collateral Account in the name and under the dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, Cash denominated in the Currency of the Letter of Credit under which such LC Exposure arises in an amount equal to the amount required under Section 2.09(a), Section 2.10(c), Section 2.10(d), Section 2.10(e) or the last paragraph of Article VII, as applicable. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral in the first instance for its LC Exposure under this Agreement and thereafter for the payment of the Secured Obligations, and for these purposes the Borrower hereby grants a security interest to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and in any financial assets (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) or other property held therein. If the Borrower is required to provide cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such cash collateral (to the extent not applied as set forth in this Section 2.05(k)) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. If the Borrower is required to provide cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.10(b)(ii), such cash collateral (to the extent not applied as set forth in this Section 2.05(k)) shall be returned to the Borrower as and to the extent that, after giving effect to such return, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures would not exceed the aggregate Commitments. 
 (l)	 Designation of Additional Issuing Banks . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), designate as additional Issuing Banks one (1) or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Lender and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) references herein or therein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 SECTION 2.06.	 Funding of Borrowings . 
 68 

(a)	 Funding by Lenders . Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 p.m., Local Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request; provided that Borrowings made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (b)	 Presumption by the Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in the corresponding Currency with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the NYFRB Rate or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Term Benchmark Loans having an Interest Period of one month s duration made to the Borrower (or, if such LC Disbursement is denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum then applicable to RFR Loans for the applicable Currency). If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Nothing in this paragraph shall relieve any Lender of its obligation to fulfill its commitments hereunder, and shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 2.07.	 Interest Elections . 
 (a)	 Elections by the Borrower for Borrowings . Subject to Section 2.03(d), the Loans constituting each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have the Interest Period specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing as a Borrowing of the same Type and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect the Interest Period therefor, all as provided in this Section; provided , however , that (i) a Borrowing of a Class may only be continued or converted into a Borrowing of the same Class, (ii) a Borrowing denominated in one Currency may not be continued as, or converted into, a Borrowing in a different Currency, (iii) no Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency may be continued if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures would exceed the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments, and (iv) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency may not be converted into a Borrowing of a different Type. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders of the 
 69 

respective Class holding the Loans constituting such Borrowing, and the Loans constituting each such portion shall thereafter be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Loan Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b)	 Notice of Elections . To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by delivery of a signed Interest Election Request or by e-mail by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such e-mail Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, telecopy or e-mail to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower. 
 (c)	 Content of Interest Election Requests . Each Interest Election Request (whether a written Interest Election Request or an e-mail request) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
 (i)	the Borrowing (including the Class) to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (c) shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 
 (ii)	the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iii)	in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing; and 
 (iv)	if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period therefor after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d). 
 (d)	 Notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders . Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e)	 Failure to Elect; Events of Default . If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, (i) if such Borrowing is denominated in Dollars, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing of the same Class having an Interest Period of one month s duration, and (ii) if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as such Event of Default is continuing no outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing may have an Interest Period of more than one month s duration. 
 70 

SECTION 2.08.	 Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments . 
 (a)	 Scheduled Termination . Unless previously terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Commitments of each Class shall terminate on the Commitment Termination Date. 
 (b)	 Voluntary Termination or Reduction . The Borrower may at any time without premium or penalty terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments ratably among each Class; provided that (i) each reduction of any Commitments pursuant to this sentence shall be in an amount that is 5,000,000 or a larger multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, if less, the entire remaining amount of the Commitments of any Class) and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, immediately after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans of any Class in accordance with Section 2.10, the total Revolving Credit Exposures of such Class would exceed the total Commitments of such Class. 
 (c)	 Notice of Voluntary Termination or Reduction . The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section 2.08 at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be irrevocable; provided that any such notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments of a Class may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 
 (d)	 Effect of Termination or Reduction . Each termination or reduction of Commitments of a Class made pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 2.08 shall (i) be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class and (ii) result in a permanent termination of Commitments in an amount equal to the Commitments so terminated or reduced. Each Lender authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to, concurrently with and immediately after the effectiveness of any termination or reduction of Commitments pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 2.08, amend Schedule I to reflect the aggregate amount of each Lender s aggregate Commitments. 
 (e)	 Increase of the Commitments . 
 (i)	 Requests for Increase . The Borrower shall have the right, at any time after the Effective Date but prior to the Commitment Termination Date, to propose that the Commitments of a Class hereunder be increased (each such proposed increase being a Commitment Increase by notice to the Administrative Agent, specifying each existing Lender (each an Increasing Lender and/or each additional lender (each an Assuming Lender that shall have agreed to an additional Commitment and the date on which such increase is to be effective (the Commitment Increase Date ), which shall be a Business Day at least three Business Days (or such lesser period as the Administrative Agent may 
 71 

reasonably agree) after delivery of such notice and at least 30 days prior to the Commitment Termination Date; provided that no Lender shall be obligated to provide any increased Commitment; provided , further that: 
 (A)	each increase shall be in a minimum amount of at least 25,000,000 or a larger multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, in such other amounts as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree); 
 (B)	the aggregate amount of all Commitments outstanding, at any given time, shall not exceed 1,000,000,000; 
 (C)	each Assuming Lender shall be consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks holding Commitments of the same Class as such Assuming Lender (in each case, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); 
 (D)	no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such Commitment Increase Date or shall result from the proposed Commitment Increase; and 
 (E)	the representations and warranties made by the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless the relevant representation and warranty already contains a materiality qualifier or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.04, 3.11 and 3.15 of this Agreement, and in Sections 2.01, 2.02 and 2.05 through 2.09 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, in each such case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Commitment Increase Date as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). 
 (ii)	 Effectiveness of Commitment Increase . On the Commitment Increase Date for any Commitment Increase, (A) each Assuming Lender, if any, shall become a Lender hereunder as of such Commitment Increase Date with the Commitment in the amount set forth in the agreement referred to in Section 2.08(e)(ii)(y) and (B) the Commitment of the respective Class of each Increasing Lender part of such Commitment Increase, if any, shall be increased as of such Commitment Increase Date to the amount set forth in the agreement referred to in Section 2.08(e)(ii)(y); provided that: 
 (x)	the Administrative Agent shall have received on or prior to 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Commitment Increase Date a certificate signed by a duly Authorized Signatory of the Borrower stating that each of the applicable conditions to such Commitment Increase set forth in the foregoing paragraph (i) has been satisfied; and 
 (y)	each Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Commitment Increase Date, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably 
 72 

satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Lender shall, effective as of such Commitment Increase Date, undertake a Commitment or an increase of Commitment in each case of the respective Class, duly executed by such Assuming Lender or such Increasing Lender, as applicable, and the Borrower, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii)	 Recordation into Register . Upon its receipt of (1) an agreement referred to in clause (ii)(y) above executed by each Assuming Lender and each Increasing Lender part of such Commitment Increase, as applicable, together with the certificate referred to in clause (ii)(x) above and (2) an amended Schedule I pursuant to clause (d) above, the Administrative Agent shall, (x) if such agreement referred to in clause (ii)(y) has been completed, accept such agreement, (y) record the information contained in the amended Schedule I in the Register and (z) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower. 
 (iv)	 Adjustments of Borrowings upon Effectiveness of Increase . On each Commitment Increase Date, the Borrower shall (A) prepay the outstanding Loans (if any) of the affected Class in full, (B) simultaneously borrow new Loans of such Class hereunder in an amount equal to such prepayment (in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, with the Benchmark equal to the outstanding Benchmark and with Interest Period(s) ending on the date(s) of any then outstanding Interest Period(s), as applicable (as modified hereby); provided that with respect to subclauses (A) and (B), (x) the prepayment to, and borrowing from, any existing Lender shall be effected by book entry to the extent that any portion of the amount prepaid to such Lender will be subsequently borrowed from such Lender and (y) the existing Lenders, the Increasing Lenders and the Assuming Lenders shall make and receive payments among themselves, in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent, so that, after giving effect thereto, the Loans of such Class are held ratably by the Lenders of such Class in accordance with the respective Commitments of such Class (after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) and (C) pay to the Lenders of such Class the amounts, if any, payable under Section 2.16 as a result of any such prepayment. Concurrently therewith, the Lenders of such Class shall be deemed to have adjusted their participation interests in any outstanding Letters of Credit of such Class so that such interests are held ratably in accordance with their Commitments of such Class as so increased. 
 (v)	 Terms of Loans Issued on the Commitment Increase Date . The terms and provisions of any new Loans issued by any Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, and the Commitment Increase of any Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, shall be identical to the terms and provisions of Loans issued by, and Commitments of, the Lenders immediately prior to the applicable Commitment Increase Date (except that any upfront or similar one-time fee may be different). 
 SECTION 2.09.	 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt . 
 (a)	 Repayment . The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay the Loans of each Class as follows: 
 73 

(i)	 to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Class of Loans and all other amounts due and owing hereunder and under the other Loan Documents on the Maturity Date; 
 (ii)	 to the applicable Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan of such Class made by such Swingline Lender denominated in Dollars, on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the fifth Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Syndicated Borrowing of such Class is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans of such Class then outstanding; and 
 (iii)	 to the applicable Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan of such Class made by such Swingline Lender denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, on the earlier of the (A) Maturity Date and (B)(1) in the case of any Swingline Loan denominated in GBP, the fourth Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made or (2) for any other Swingline Loan denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, the fifth Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Syndicated Borrowing of such Class is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans of such Class then outstanding. 
 In addition, on the Maturity Date, to the extent any Letter of Credit is outstanding (notwithstanding the requirements of clause (y) of the second proviso of Section 2.05(d)), the Borrower shall deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account Cash an amount equal to 102 of the undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding on the close of business on the Maturity Date, such deposit to be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral security for the LC Exposure under this Agreement in respect of the undrawn portion of such Letters of Credit. 
 (b)	 Manner of Payment . Subject to Section 2.10(e), prior to any repayment or prepayment of any Borrowings hereunder, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be paid and shall notify the Administrative Agent by telecopy or e-mail of such selection not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the scheduled date of such repayment. If the repayment or prepayment is denominated in Dollars and the Class to be repaid or prepaid is specified (or if no Class is specified and there is only one Class of Loans with Borrowings denominated in Dollars outstanding), the Borrower shall repay or prepay any outstanding ABR Borrowings of such Class pro rata and thereafter repay or prepay the remaining Borrowings within such Class in the order of the remaining duration of their respective Interest Periods (the Borrowing with the shortest remaining Interest Period to be repaid or prepaid first). If the repayment or prepayment is denominated in Dollars and the Class to be repaid or prepaid is not specified, the Borrower shall repay or prepay pro rata between any outstanding ABR Borrowings of the Dollar Lenders and the Multicurrency Lenders, and thereafter repay or prepay the remaining Borrowings denominated in Dollars in the order of the remaining duration of their respective Interest Periods (the Borrowings with the shortest remaining Interest Period to be repaid or prepaid first). If the repayment or prepayment is denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency (including as a result of the Borrower s receipt of proceeds from a prepayment event in such Agreed Foreign Currency), the Borrower may, at its option, repay or prepay any outstanding Borrowings in such Currency ratably among just the Multicurrency Lenders in the order of the remaining duration of their respective Interest Periods (the Borrowing with the shortest remaining Interest Period to be repaid or prepaid first), and, if 
 74 

after such payment, the balance of the Borrowings denominated in such Currency is zero, then if there are any remaining proceeds, the Borrower shall repay or prepay the Loans (or provide cover for outstanding Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) on a pro-rata basis between each outstanding Class of Revolving Credit Exposure in the order of the remaining duration of their respective Interest Periods (the Borrowing with the shortest remaining Interest Period to be repaid or prepaid first). Each payment of a Borrowing of a Class shall be applied ratably to the Loans of such Class included in such Borrowing. 
 (c)	 Maintenance of Records by Lenders . Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice records evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts and Currency of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (d)	 Maintenance of Records by the Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall maintain records in which it shall record (i) the amount and Currency of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and each Interest Period therefor, (ii) the amount and Currency of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender of such Class hereunder and (iii) the amount and Currency of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (e)	 Effect of Entries . The entries made in the records maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section 2.09 shall be prima facie evidence, absent manifest error, of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such records or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. In the event of any conflict between the Register and any other accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 (f)	 Promissory Notes . Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its permitted registered assigns) in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E or in such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its permitted registered assigns). 
 SECTION 2.10.	 Prepayment of Loans . 
 75 

(a)	 Optional Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.16, subject to the requirements of this Section 2.10. 
 (b)	 Mandatory Prepayments Due to Changes in Exchange Rates . 
 (i)	 Determination of Amount Outstanding . On each Revaluation Date, the Administrative Agent shall determine the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure. For the purpose of this determination, the outstanding principal amount of any Loan or LC Exposure that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount in the Foreign Currency of such Loan or LC Exposure, determined as of such Revaluation Date. Upon making such determination, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Multicurrency Lenders and the Borrower thereof. 
 (ii)	 Prepayment . If, on such Revaluation Date, the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure minus the Multicurrency LC Exposure fully cash collateralized pursuant to Section 2.05(k) on such date exceeds 105 of the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Commitments as then in effect, the Borrower shall prepay the Swingline Multicurrency Loans and Multicurrency Loans (and/or provide cover for Multicurrency LC Exposure as specified in Section 2.05(k)) within 15 Business Days following receipt of the Administrative Agent s notice after such Revaluation Date in such aggregate amounts, if any, as shall be necessary so that after giving effect thereto and the determination of the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure as of such date the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure does not exceed the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Any prepayment made pursuant to this paragraph shall be applied, first , to outstanding Swingline Multicurrency Loans, second , to outstanding Multicurrency Loans and third , as cover for Multicurrency LC Exposure. 
 (c)	 Mandatory Prepayments due to Borrowing Base Deficiency . In the event that at any time any Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, the Borrower shall (x) prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)), (y) reduce its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount or (z) otherwise remedy the Borrowing Base Deficiency, in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Borrowing Base Deficiency is promptly cured within five Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such prepayment of Loans (and cover for Letters of Credit) shall be at least equal to the Revolving Credit Exposure s ratable share (such ratable share being determined based on the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Exposures as compared to its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount) of the aggregate prepayment and reduction of its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) if, within five Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency (and/or at such other times as the Borrower has knowledge of such Borrowing Base Deficiency), the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within 30 
 76 

Business Days (which 30-Business Day period shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), then such prepayment (and/or cash collateralization), reduction or addition of assets to the Borrowing Base shall not be required to be effected immediately but may be effected in accordance with such plan (with such modifications as the Borrower may reasonably determine), so long as such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30 Business Day period; provided, further that solely to the extent such Borrowing Base Deficiency is due to the Borrower s failure to satisfy the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant as a consequence of either (x) a decrease in the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to Senior Debt Amount or (y) a decrease in the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one quarterly period to the next, such 30-Business Day period shall be extended to a 45-Business Day period solely with respect to compliance with the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the existence of a Borrowing Base Deficiency shall not be a Specified Default or Event of Default hereunder until the expiration of the applicable grace or cure period. 
 (d)	 Mandatory Prepayments due to Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency . In the event that at any time any Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, the Borrower shall (x) prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)), (y) reduce its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount or (z) otherwise remedy the Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency, in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is promptly cured within five Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such prepayment of Loans (and cover for Letters of Credit) shall be at least equal to the Revolving Credit Exposure s ratable share (such ratable share being determined based on the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Exposures as compared to its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount) of the aggregate prepayment and reduction of its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) if, within five Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency (and/or at such other times as the Borrower has knowledge of such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency), the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within 30 Business Days (which 30-Business Day period shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), then such prepayment (and/or cash collateralization), reduction or addition of assets to the Borrowing Base shall not be required to be effected immediately but may be effected in accordance with such plan (with such modifications as the Borrower may reasonably determine), so long as such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30 Business Day period; provided, further that solely to the extent such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is due to the Borrower s failure to satisfy the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant as a consequence of either (x) a decrease in the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to Senior Debt Amount or (y) a decrease in the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one quarterly period to the next, such 30-Business Day period shall be extended to a 45-Business Day period solely with respect to compliance with the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the existence of a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall not be a Specified Default or Event of Default hereunder until the expiration of the applicable grace or cure period. 
 77 

(e)	 Mandatory Prepayments due to Certain Events Following the Commitment Termination Date . Subject to Sections 2.10(e)(vi), (e)(vii), (f) and (g): 
 (i)	 Asset Sales . In the event that any Obligor shall receive any Net Asset Sale Proceeds at any time after the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall, no later than the third Business Day following the receipt of such Net Asset Sale Proceeds, prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) in an amount equal to such Net Asset Sale Proceeds; provided that the Borrower shall only be required to apply such Net Asset Sale Proceeds to prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) in respect of non-Portfolio Investments if and to the extent the cumulative aggregate amount of all Net Asset Sale Proceeds relating to non-Portfolio Investments, from time to time, exceeds 5,000,000. 
 (ii)	 Extraordinary Receipts . In the event that any Obligor shall receive any Extraordinary Receipts at any time after the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall, no later than the third Business Day following the receipt of such Extraordinary Receipts, prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) in an amount equal to such Extraordinary Receipts; provided that the Borrower shall only be required to apply such Extraordinary Receipts to prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) if and to the extent the cumulative aggregate amount of such Extraordinary Receipts, from time to time, exceeds 5,000,000. 
 (iii)	 Returns of Capital . In the event that any Obligor shall receive any Return of Capital at any time after the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall, no later than the third Business Day following the receipt of such Return of Capital, prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) in an amount equal to 90 of such Return of Capital. 
 (iv)	 Equity Issuances . In the event that the Borrower shall receive any net Cash proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than pursuant to any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan) at any time after the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall, no later than the third Business Day following the receipt of such Cash proceeds, prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) in an amount equal to seventy-five percent (75 of such Cash proceeds, net of (1) underwriting discounts and commissions or similar payments and other costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by such Obligor directly incidental to such Cash receipts, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, (2) all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by such Obligor as a result of such Cash receipts (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions) and (3) the amount paid or distributed by the Borrower to purchase its shares of common stock in connection with tender offers following the Commitment Termination Date. 
 (v)	 Indebtedness . In the event that any Obligor shall receive any net Cash proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness by an Obligor (including any repurchase 
 78 

transactions, but excluding from any Permitted Advisor Loan) at any time after the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall, no later than the third Business Day following the receipt of such Cash proceeds, prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)) in an amount equal to such Cash proceeds, net of (1) underwriting discounts and commissions or other similar payments and other costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by such Obligor directly incidental to such Cash receipts, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, (2) all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by such Obligor (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions) and (3) any portion of such proceeds required to be paid by such Obligor pursuant to a concurrent Back-to-Back Transaction. 
 (vi)	 Prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans . To the extent the Loans to be prepaid from proceeds from any of the events described in subsections (i) through (v) above are Term Benchmark Loans, the Borrower may defer such prepayment until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loans, so long as the Borrower deposits an amount equal to the amount of such prepayment, no later than the third Business Day following the receipt of such proceeds, into a segregated collateral account in the name and under the dominion and control of the Administrative Agent pending application of such amount to the prepayment of such Loans on the last day of such Interest Period. 
 (vii)	 RIC Tax Distributions . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Net Asset Sale Proceeds, Extraordinary Receipts, Return of Capital or other Cash receipts required to be applied to the prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.10(e) shall exclude the amounts reasonably estimated or determined by the Borrower to be necessary for the Borrower to make distributions sufficient in amount to achieve the objectives set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 6.05(a) hereof to the extent the Borrower recognizes any income or gains in connection with the receipt of such Net Asset Sale Proceeds, Extraordinary Receipts, Return of Capital or other Cash receipts and the recognition of such income or gains results in an increase in the amounts required to be distributed by the Borrower to achieve such objectives. 
 (f)	 Payments Following the Commitment Termination Date or During an Event of Default . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in Section 2.09 or this Section 2.10, following the Commitment Termination Date: 
 (i)	No optional prepayment of the Loans of any Class shall be permitted unless at such time, the Borrower also prepays its Loans of the other Class or, to the extent no Loans of the other Class are outstanding, provides cash collateral as contemplated by Section 2.05(k) for the outstanding Letters of Credit of such Class, which prepayment (and cash collateral) shall be made on a pro-rata basis (based on the outstanding principal amounts of such Indebtedness) between each outstanding Class of Revolving Credit Exposure; 
 (ii)	Any prepayment of Loans denominated in Dollars required to be made in connection with any of the events specified in Section 2.10(e) shall be applied ratably (based on the outstanding principal amounts of such Indebtedness) between the Dollar 
 79 

Lenders and the Multicurrency Lenders based on the then outstanding Loans and Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars; and 
 (iii)	Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then any payment or repayment of the Loans shall be made and applied ratably (based on the aggregate Dollar Equivalents of the outstanding principal amounts of such Loans) between Dollar Loans, Multicurrency Loans and Letters of Credit. 
 (g)	 Notices, Etc . 
 (i)	The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the applicable Swingline Lender) in writing by telecopy or e-mail of any prepayment hereunder (A) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars under Section 2.10(a), not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (B) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency (other than AUD), under Section 2.10(a), not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (C) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in AUD under Section 2.10(a), not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, four Business Days before the date of prepayment, (D) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing under Section 2.10(a) or any prepayment under Section 2.10(b), (c), (d) or (e), not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day of prepayment, (E) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment, (F) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, not later than 12:00 noon London time, one Business Day prior to the date of prepayment (G) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, four Business Days before the date of prepayment or (H) in each case of the notice periods described in clauses (A) through (C), such lesser period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree with respect to notices given in connection with any of the events specified in Section 2.10(e)(ii) or (iii). Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment; provided that any such notice of prepayment may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the affected Lenders of the contents thereof. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 and shall be made in the manner specified in Section 2.09(b). 
 (ii)	In the event the Borrower is required to make any concurrent prepayments under both paragraph (c) and also another paragraph of this Section 2.10, the prepayment pursuant to such other paragraph of this Section 2.10 shall be made prior to any 
 80 

prepayment required to be made pursuant to paragraph (c) and the amount of the payment required pursuant to paragraph (c) (if any) shall be determined immediately after giving effect to the prepayment made (or to be made) under such other paragraph of this Section 2.10. 
 SECTION 2.11.	 Fees . 
 (a)	 Commitment Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate of 0.375 per annum on the daily unused amount of the Dollar Commitment and Multicurrency Commitment, as applicable, of such Lender during the period beginning on the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the date such Commitment terminates and the Commitment Termination Date. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day after each Quarterly Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date, and ending on the earlier of the date the Commitments of the respective Class terminate and the Commitment Termination Date. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing commitment fees, (i) the daily unused amount of the applicable Commitment shall be determined as of the end of each day and (ii) the Commitment of any Class of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Loans of such Class of such Lender and LC Exposure of such Class of such Lender (and the Swingline Exposure of such Class of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose). 
 (b)	 Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin applicable to interest on Term Benchmark Loans (or, if such Letter of Credit is denominated in Sterling, RFR Loans) on the daily maximum amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment of the applicable Class terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure of such Class, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.25 per annum on the daily maximum amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) applicable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as each Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including each Quarterly Date shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day following such Quarterly Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that, all such fees with respect to the Letters of Credit shall be payable on the date on which all Commitments of the applicable Class terminate (the termination date ), the Borrower shall pay any such fees that have accrued and that are unpaid on the termination date and, in the event any Letters of Credit shall be outstanding that have expiration dates after the termination date, the Borrower shall prepay on the termination date the full amount of the participation and fronting fees that will accrue on such Letters of Credit subsequent to the termination date through but not including the 
 81 

date such outstanding Letters of Credit are scheduled to expire (and in that connection, the Lenders agree not later than the date two Business Days after the date upon which the last such Letter of Credit shall expire or be terminated to rebate to the Borrower the excess, if any, of the aggregate participation and fronting fees that have been prepaid by the Borrower over the amount of such fees that ultimately accrue through the date of such expiration or termination). Any other fees payable to the Issuing Banks pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be payable within ten Business Days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last date). 
 (c)	 Administrative Agent Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (d)	 Payment of Fees . All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Banks, in the case of fees payable to them) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances absent manifest error. Any fees representing the Borrower s reimbursement obligations of expenses, to the extent the requirements of an invoice are not otherwise specified in this Agreement, shall be due (subject to the other terms and conditions contained herein) within ten Business Days of the date that the Borrower receives from the Administrative Agent a reasonably detailed invoice for such reimbursement obligations. 
 SECTION 2.12.	 Interest . 
 (a)	 ABR Loans . The Loans constituting each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b)	 Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans . (i) The Loans constituting each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Term Benchmark for the applicable Currency for the related Interest Period for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin and (ii) the Loans constituting each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c)	 Foreign Currency Swingline Loans . (i) Swingline Loans denominated in Euros shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple ESTR plus the Applicable Margin, (ii) Swingline Loans denominated in Sterling shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Margin and (iii) Swingline Loans denominated in CAD shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (d)	 Default Interest . Notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), if any principal of or interest on any Loan, LC Disbursement or any recurring or scheduled fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due (after giving effect to any grace or cure period), whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or 
 82 

otherwise, such overdue amount shall, at the request of the Required Lenders, bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided above or (ii) in the case of any interest on any Loan, LC Disbursement or any recurring or scheduled fee or other amount, 2 plus (x) if such other amount is denominated in Dollars, the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 2.12, (y) if such other amount is denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than Sterling), the rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans as provided in paragraph (b)(i) of this Section 2.12 or (z) if such other amount is denominated in Sterling, the rate applicable to RFR Loans as provided in paragraph (b)(ii) of this Section 2.12. 
 (e)	 Payment of Interest . Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan in the Currency in which such Loan is denominated and upon the Maturity Date; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 2.12 shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the Maturity Date), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Borrowing shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 SECTION 2.13.	 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a)	Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section: 
 (i)	the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the AUD Rate, the CDOR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or applicable Local Rate (including because the relevant screen rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Currency; or 
 (ii)	the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders of any affected Class with respect to such Class that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the AUD Rate, the CDOR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or applicable Local Rate for the applicable Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Currency, 
 83 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the affected Lenders in writing by e-mail as promptly as practicable thereafter setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such determination and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above and (B) for Loans denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted; provided further that, in connection with any ABR Borrowing made pursuant to the terms of this Section 2.13(a), the determination of the Alternate Base Rate shall disregard clause (c) of the definition thereof. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Foreign Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.13(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above and, (B) for Loans denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan and (2) any RFR Loan shall immediately, bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Loan) on such day and (C) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central 
 84 

Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (i) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Agreed Foreign Currency) immediately or (ii) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 
 (b)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Hedging Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.13), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 (c)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than as provided in the definition of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (provided that the Administrative Agent s determination shall be generally consistent with determinations made for borrowers of syndicated loans in the United States denominated in the applicable Currency). 
 (d)	The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.13, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
 85 

conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.13. 
 (e)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f)	Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.13, (i) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day or (ii) if such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, at the Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency plus the Applicable Margin; provided that, if the Administrative Agent 
 86 

determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, the Borrower may not make an election under this subclause (A), (B) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (C) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and (subject to the remainder of this subclause (C)) shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Loan) on such day (it being understood and agreed that if the Borrower does not so prepay such Loan on such day by 12:00 noon, Local Time, the Administrative Agent is authorized to effect such conversion of such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, as applicable, into an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars). 
 SECTION 2.14.	 Computation of Interest . All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that (a) Term Benchmark Borrowings in Canadian Dollars, AUD shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day) and (b) RFR Borrowings, and ABR Borrowings, at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate, shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.15.	 Increased Costs . 
 (a)	If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i)	impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, compulsory loan, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate) or any Issuing Bank; or 
 (ii)	impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense, affecting this Agreement or Term Benchmark Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank or participation by such Lender therein; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost (other than costs which are (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Connection Income Taxes or (C) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes) to such Lender of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Term Benchmark Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost (other than costs which are Taxes) to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon the request of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that no Lender will claim the 
 87 

payment of any of the amounts referred to in this paragraph (a) if not generally claiming similar compensation from its other similar customers in similar circumstances. 
 (b)	 Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Swingline Loans and in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity requirements), by an amount deemed to be material by such Lender or such Issuing Bank, then, upon the request of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered; provided that no Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, will claim the payment of any of the amounts referred to in this paragraph (b) if not generally claiming similar compensation from its other similar customers in similar circumstances. 
 (c)	 Certificates from Lenders . A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank (x) setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section and (y) certifying that such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, is generally claiming similar compensation from its other similar customers in similar circumstances, shall be promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided, however that no Lender shall be requested to disclose confidential or price sensitive information or any other information, to the extent prohibited by applicable law. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (d)	 Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than three months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the three-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16.	 Break Funding Payments . With respect to Term Benchmark Loans, in the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor (including as a result of the occurrence of any 
 88 

Commitment Increase Date or an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (including, in connection with any Commitment Increase Date, and regardless of whether such notice is permitted to be revocable under Section 2.10(g) and is revoked in accordance herewith) or (d) the assignment as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.20(b) of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each affected Lender for such Lender s loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (excluding loss of anticipated profits). Payments under this Section shall be made upon written request of a Lender delivered to the Borrower not later than 10 Business Days following a payment, conversion, or failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay that gives rise to a claim under this Section accompanied by a written certificate of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and calculation of the amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17.	 Taxes . 
 (a)	 Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then (i) the Borrower shall make such deductions or withholding, (ii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, the applicable Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 
 (b)	 Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . In addition, the Borrower shall pay, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (c)	 Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank for, and within 30 Business Days after written demand therefor, pay the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such recipient and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A written certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or an Issuing Bank, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 89 

(d)	 Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e)	 Foreign Lenders . Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate. 
 In addition, any applicable Foreign Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Foreign Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) whichever of the following is applicable: 
 (i)	duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) or any successor form claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, 
 (ii)	duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI or any successor form certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, 
 (iii)	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (A) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (1) a bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (2) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (3) a controlled foreign corporation described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (B) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) (or any successor form), or 
 (iv)	any other form including Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY as applicable prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a 
 90 

reduction in United States federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 (f)	 United States Lenders . Each Lender and each Issuing Bank that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prior to the date on which such Issuing Bank or such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, and at times reasonably requested by the Borrower, duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or any successor form, certificate or documentation provided it is legally able to do so at the time. 
 (g)	 FATCA . If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to United States federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (g), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 In addition, each Lender agrees that if any certificate or documentation previously delivered under this Section by such Lender expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect it shall update such certificate or documentation, provided it is legally able to do so at the time. Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at any time the chief tax officer of such Lender becomes aware that it no longer satisfies the legal requirements to provide any previously delivered form, certificate or documentation to the Borrower (or any other form, certificate or documentation adopted by the U.S. or other taxing authorities for such purpose). 
 
 (h)	 Treatment of Certain Refunds . If the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or an Issuing Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank is 
 91 

required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to make available its tax returns or its books or records (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (i)	 Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (j)	 Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section, the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 SECTION 2.18.	 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs . 
 (a)	 Payments by the Borrower . The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) prior to 2:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Account, except as otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Loan Document and except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03, which shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All amounts owing under this Agreement (including commitment fees, payments required under Section 2.15, and payments required under Section 2.16 relating to any Loan denominated in Dollars, but not including principal of, and interest on, any Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency or payments relating to any such Loan required under Section 2.16 or any reimbursement or cash collateralization of any LC Exposure denominated in any Foreign Currency, which are payable in such Foreign Currency) or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) are payable in Dollars. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or LC Disbursement when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by mandatory prepayment 
 92 

or otherwise), the unpaid portion of such Loan or such LC Disbursement shall, if such Loan or such LC Disbursement is not denominated in Dollars, automatically be redenominated in Dollars on the due date thereof (or, if such due date is a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor, on the last day of such Interest Period) in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the date of such redenomination and such principal shall be payable on demand; and if the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or LC Disbursement that is not denominated in Dollars, such interest shall automatically be redenominated in Dollars on the due date therefor (or, if such due date is a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor, on the last day of such Interest Period) in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the date of such redenomination and such interest shall be payable on demand. 
 (b)	 Application of Insufficient Payments . If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees of a Class then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, to pay interest and fees of such Class then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees of such Class then due to such parties, and (ii) second, to pay principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements of such Class then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements of such Class then due to such parties. 
 (c)	 Pro Rata Treatment . Except to the extent otherwise provided herein: (i) each Borrowing of a Class shall be made from the Lenders of such Class, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments of a Class under Section 2.08 shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the Lenders of such Class, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments of such Class; (ii) each Borrowing of a Class shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders of such Class according to the amounts of their respective Commitments of such Class (in the case of the making of Loans) or their respective Loans of such Class that are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case of conversions and continuations of Loans); (iii) each payment of commitment fees under Section 2.11 shall be made for the account of the Lenders pro rata according to the average daily unutilized amounts of their respective Commitments; (iv) each payment or prepayment of principal of Loans of a Class by the Borrower shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Class pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans of such Class held by them; and (v) each payment of interest on Loans of a Class by the Borrower shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Class pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans then due and payable to such Lenders. 
 (d)	 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender of a Class shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans, within its Class resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon of such Class then due than the proportion received by any other Lender of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders of such Class to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of 
 93 

principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of such Class; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph (d) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph (d) shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing, and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may make a Borrowing under the Dollar Commitments or Multicurrency Commitments (if otherwise permitted hereunder) and may use the proceeds of such Borrowing (x) with Dollar Commitments to prepay the Multicurrency Loans (without making a ratable prepayment of the Dollar Loans) or (y) with Multicurrency Commitments to prepay the Dollar Loans (without making a ratable payment to the Multicurrency Loans). 
 (e)	 Presumptions of Payment . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Effective Rate. 
 (f)	 Certain Deductions by the Administrative Agent . If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(e), 2.06(b) or 2.18(e), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 SECTION 2.19.	 Defaulting Lenders . 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 
 94 

(a)	commitment fees pursuant to Section 2.11(a) shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender to the extent and during the period such Lender is a Defaulting Lender; 
 (b)	the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether two-thirds of the Lenders, two-thirds of the Lenders of a Class, the Required Lenders or the Required Lenders of a Class have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Documents (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 9.02); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders (or all Lenders of a Class) or each affected Lender (if applicable to such Defaulting Lender), including as set forth in Section 9.02(b)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v), shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; 
 (c)	if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 
 (i)	all or any part of such Swingline Exposure (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure consisting of Swingline Loans made by such Defaulting Lender) and LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the non Defaulting Lenders holding Commitments of the same Class as such Defaulting Lender in accordance with their respective Applicable Multicurrency Percentages or Applicable Dollar Percentages, as applicable, but only to the extent (x) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures of such Class plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Class does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments of such Class and (y) no non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure of such Class will exceed such Lender s Commitment of such Class; 
 (ii)	if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, within three Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05(k) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 
 (iii)	if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(b) with respect to such LC Exposure during the period such LC Exposure is cash collateralized; 
 (iv)	if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders of the same Class as such Defaulting Lender is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and Section 2.11(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non Defaulting Lenders Applicable Multicurrency Percentages or Applicable Dollar Percentages, as applicable, in effect immediately after giving effect to such reallocation; 
 95 

(v)	if any Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.19(c), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all commitment fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.11(b) with respect to such LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such LC Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated; and 
 (vi)	no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation; and 
 (d)	so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Swingline Lenders shall be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank of the same Class as such Defaulting Lender shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit of such Class, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non Defaulting Lenders of such Class and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.19(c), and Swingline Exposure related to any newly made Swingline Loan and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders of such Class in a manner consistent with Section 2.19(c)(i) (and Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein). 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lenders and the Issuing Banks (with respect to the Swingline Lenders and any Issuing Bank, only to the extent that such Swingline Lender or Issuing Bank acts in such capacity under the same Class of Commitments held by a Defaulting Lender) each agrees in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then, on the date of such agreement, such Lender shall no longer be deemed a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall no longer be required to cash collateralize any portion of such Lender s LC Exposure cash collateralized pursuant to Section 2.19(c)(ii) above and the Swingline Exposure and the LC Exposure of the Lenders of the affected Class shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment of such Class and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par the portion of the Loans of the other Lenders of such Class (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable Dollar Percentage, as applicable, in effect immediately after giving effect to such agreement. 
 SECTION 2.20.	 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a)	 Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall at the request of the Borrower use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable 
 96 

judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any cost or expense not required to be reimbursed by the Borrower and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b)	 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or is a non-consenting Lender (as provided in Section 9.02(d)), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 and Section 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, conditioned or delayed, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts then due and payable), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (iv) in the case of any assignment as a result of a non-consenting Lender (that the Borrower is permitted to replace as provided in Section 9.02(d)), the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 (c)	 Defaulting Lender . If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(e), 2.06 or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections; in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 2.21.	 Maximum Rate . 
 97 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all related Charges, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate. To the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of a Loan, but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section, shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 3.01.	 Organization; Powers . The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) (a) is duly organized or incorporated, as applicable, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, as applicable, (b) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where the failure to comply with clauses (b) and (c) would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.02.	 Authorization; Enforceability . The Transactions are within the Borrower s corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, by all necessary stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes, and each of the other Loan Documents when executed and delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
 SECTION 3.03.	 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 
 The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except for (i) such as have been obtained or made and are or will be in full force and effect and (ii) filings and recordings in respect of the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any Obligor or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default in any material respect under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or their respective assets, or give rise to a 
 98 

right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person, and (d) except for the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents, will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any other Obligor. 
 SECTION 3.04.	 No Material Adverse Change . 
 (a)	The financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 4.01(d), 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for the applicable period in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis, subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries had as of September 30, 2022, any material contingent liabilities, material liabilities for taxes, material unusual forward or material long-term commitments or material unrealized or material anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments not reflected in the financial statements referred to above. 
 (b)	Since September 30, 2022, there has not been any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.05.	 Litigation; Actions, Suits and Proceedings . There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority now pending against or, to the knowledge of any Financial Officer, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that directly involve this Agreement or the Transactions (other than any action brought by the Borrower against a Defaulting Lender). 
 SECTION 3.06.	 Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.07.	 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower, or any one or more Affiliates on its behalf, has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and (a) the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, its directors and agents, are in compliance in all material respects with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in the Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (x) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (y) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Transaction to 
 99 

which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 3.08.	 Taxes . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Person, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.09.	 ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.10.	 Disclosure . None of the written reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information (other than projections, other forward looking information, information of a general economic or industry specific nature or information relating to third parties) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, together with the Borrower s public filings, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading at the time made; provided that, with respect to projections (including projected financial information) and other forward-looking information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed in good faith to be reasonable at the time of the preparation thereof (it being understood that projections are subject to significant and inherent uncertainties and contingencies which may be outside of the Borrower s control and that no assurance can be given that projections will be realized, and are therefore not to be viewed as fact, and that actual results for the periods covered by projections may differ from the projected results set forth in such projections and that such differences may be material), and the Borrower makes no representation or warranty with respect to information of a general economic or general industry nature. 
 SECTION 3.11.	 Investment Company Act; Margin Regulations . 
 (a)	 Status as Business Development Company . The Borrower is a closed-end fund that has elected to be regulated as a business development company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and intends to elect to be treated as a RIC commencing with the Borrower s taxable year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (b)	 Compliance with Investment Company Act . The business and other activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the making of the Loans and issuance of Letters of Credit to the Borrower hereunder, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof by the Borrower and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not result in a material violation or material breach of the applicable provisions of 
 100 

the Investment Company Act or any rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder, in each case, that are applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 (c)	 Investment Policies . The Borrower is in compliance with its Investment Policies, except to the extent that the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d)	 Use of Credit . Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock in violation of Regulation U. 
 SECTION 3.12.	 Material Agreements and Liens . 
 (a)	 Material Agreements . Part A of Schedule II is a complete and correct list of each credit agreement, loan agreement, indenture, note purchase agreement, guarantee, letter of credit or other arrangement providing for or otherwise relating to any Indebtedness for borrowed money or any extension of credit (or commitment for any extension of credit) to, or guarantee for borrowed money by, the Borrower or any other Obligor outstanding on the Effective Date (in each case, other than (x) Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document and (y) any such agreement or arrangement that is solely between or among two (2) or more Obligors), and the aggregate principal or face amount outstanding or that is or may become outstanding under each such arrangement, in each case as of the Effective Date, is correctly described in Part A of Schedule II. 
 (b)	 Liens . Part B of Schedule II is a complete and correct list of each Lien securing Indebtedness of any Person outstanding on the Effective Date (other than Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document) covering any property of the Borrower or any other Obligor, and the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness secured (or that may be secured) by each such Lien and the property covered by each such Lien as of the Effective Date is correctly described in Part B of Schedule II. 
 SECTION 3.13.	 Subsidiaries and Investments . 
 (a)	 Subsidiaries . Set forth in Part A of Schedule IV is a complete and correct list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower on the Effective Date together with, for each such Subsidiary, (i) the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary, (ii) each Person holding ownership interests in such Subsidiary, (iii) the nature of the ownership interests held by each such Person and the percentage of ownership of such Subsidiary represented by such ownership interests and (iv) whether such Subsidiary is a Designated Subsidiary, an Immaterial Subsidiary or an Excluded Asset (other than a Designated Subsidiary). Except as disclosed in Part A of Schedule IV, as of the Effective Date, (x) the Borrower owns, free and clear of Liens (other than any lien permitted by Section 6.02 hereof), and has the unencumbered right to vote, all outstanding ownership interests in each Subsidiary shown to be held by it in Part A of Schedule IV, (y) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Subsidiary organized as a corporation is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (to the extent such concepts are 
 101 

applicable) and (z) there are no outstanding Equity Interests with respect to such Subsidiary. Each Subsidiary identified on said Part A of Schedule IV as a Designated Subsidiary qualifies as such under the definition of Designated Subsidiary set forth in Section 1.01. 
 (b)	 Investments . Set forth in Part B of Schedule IV is a complete and correct list as of the Effective Date of all Investments (other than Investments of the types referred to in clauses (b), (c), and (d) of Section 6.04) held by any Obligor in any Person on the Effective Date and, for each such Investment, (x) the identity of the Person or Persons holding such Investment and (y) the nature of such Investment. Except as disclosed in Part B of Schedule IV, as of the Effective Date, such Obligor, owns, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents and other Liens permitted hereunder), all such Investments. 
 SECTION 3.14.	 Properties . 
 (a)	 Title Generally . Each of the Borrower and each of the other Obligors has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all their respective real and personal property material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with their respective ability to conduct their respective business, taken as a whole, as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, except where failure to have title or leasehold interests would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b)	 Intellectual Property . Each of the Borrower and each of the other Obligors owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to their respective business, taken as a whole, and the use thereof by the Borrower and each of the other Obligors do not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.15.	 Affiliate Agreements . As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has heretofore delivered (to the extent not otherwise publicly filed with the SEC) to the Administrative Agent (which has been made available to each of the Lenders) true and complete copies of each of the Affiliate Agreements as in effect as of the Effective Date (including any amendments, supplements or waivers executed and delivered thereunder and any schedules and exhibits thereto). As of the Effective Date, each of the Affiliate Agreements is in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 3.16.	 Security Documents . The provisions of the Security Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable first-priority Lien (subject to any Lien permitted by Section 6.02) on all right, title and interest of the Obligors in the Collateral described therein to secure the Secured Obligations, except for any failure that would not constitute an Event of Default under clause (p) of Article VII. Except for (a) filing of UCC financing statements and filings as may be required under applicable law or otherwise contemplated hereby and by the Security Documents, and (b) the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of the Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected by possession or control, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect such Liens to the extent required thereunder, except for 
 102 

any filing or action, the absence of which, would not constitute an Event of Default under clause (p) of Article VII. 
 SECTION 3.17.	 Affected Financial Institutions . No Obligor is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Article IV CONDITIONS 
 SECTION 4.01.	 Effective Date . This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions precedent have been completed (or such condition shall have been waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 
 (a)	 Documents . Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following documents, each of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and to the extent specified below, to each Lender) in form and substance: 
 (i)	 Executed Counterparts . From each party hereto either (1) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (2) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page to this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (ii)	 Guarantee and Security Agreement . The Guarantee and Security Agreement, duly executed and delivered by each Obligor. 
 (iii)	 Opinion of Counsel to the Obligors . A customary favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Dechert LLP, New York counsel for the Borrower, covering such matters relating to the Obligors, this Agreement or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 (iv)	 Opinion of Special New York Counsel to JPMCB . An opinion, dated the Effective Date, of Milbank LLP, special New York counsel to JPMCB. 
 (v)	 Corporate Documents . Such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Obligors, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Obligors, this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (vi)	 Officer s Certificate . A certificate from the Borrower dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President, the Chief Executive Officer or any other Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in the lettered clauses of the first sentence of Section 4.02. 
 103 

(vii)	 Control Agreement . Subject to Section 5.14, each Control Agreement (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) dated as of the Effective Date. 
 (viii)	 Borrowing Base Certificate . A Borrowing Base Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as of a date not more than five days prior to the Effective Date and giving pro forma effect to the Transactions. 
 (b)	 Fees and Expenses . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of the payment by the Borrower of all fees due and payable to the Lenders and the Lead Arrangers on the Effective Date that the Borrower has agreed to pay in connection with this Agreement (including pursuant to any fee letter or commitment letter entered into between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent). The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable expenses (including the legal fees of Milbank LLP) for which invoices have been presented prior to the Effective Date that the Borrower has agreed to pay in connection with this Agreement. 
 (c)	 Liens . The Administrative Agent shall have received results of a recent lien search in each relevant jurisdiction with respect to the Borrower and each other Obligor and such search shall reveal no liens on any of the assets of the Borrower or such other Obligor except for liens permitted under Section 6.02 or liens to be discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d)	 Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received prior to the execution of this Agreement the audited statements of assets and liabilities and operations of the Borrower for the period from March 23, 2022 through September 30, 2022 and the unaudited balance sheet of the Borrower as of the last day of the most recently completed full month. 
 (e)	 Valuation Policy . The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the Borrower s Valuation Policy. 
 (f)	 Know Your Customer Documentation . Upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have received documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 
 (g)	 Other Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower such other documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender or special New York counsel to JPMCB may reasonably request from the Obligors. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 
 104 

SECTION 4.02.	 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make any Loan (including any Swingline Loan), and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is additionally subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 (a)	the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless the relevant representation and warranty already contains a materiality qualifier or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.04, 3.11 and 3.15 of this Agreement, and in Sections 2.01, 2.02 and 2.04 through 2.08 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, in each such case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Loan or the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, or, as to any such representation or warranty that refers to a specific date, as of such specific date; 
 (b)	at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Loan or the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 
 (c)	the aggregate Covered Debt Amount (immediately after giving effect to such extension of credit and any Concurrent Transactions) shall not exceed the Borrowing Base. 
 Each Borrowing (but not any continuation or conversion thereof) and each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in the preceding sentence. 
 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Facility Termination Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 5.01.	 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender: 
 (a)	within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such longer period permitted pursuant to any orders, declarations, laws, regulations or letters issued by the SEC or any other government or regulatory authority, not to exceed 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower), the audited consolidated statements of financial condition, operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case, with respect to each fiscal year commencing after December 31, 2021, in comparative form (other than for the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte LLP or any other independent public accountants of recognized national standing to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and 
 105 

its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; 
 (b)	within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such longer period permitted pursuant to any orders, declarations, laws, regulations or letters issued by the SEC or any other government or regulatory authority, not to exceed 75 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower), the consolidated statements of financial condition, operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case, with respect to each fiscal year commencing after December 31, 2022, in comparative form the figures for (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments, the absence of footnotes and as otherwise described therein; 
 (c)	concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 5.01, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether the Borrower has knowledge that a Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Borrower during the applicable period and, if a Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Borrower during the most recent period covered by such financial statements (or has occurred and is continuing from a prior period), specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Sections 6.01(b), (g), (i), and (j), 6.02(d), 6.04(e) and (g), 6.05(a) and (b) and 6.07, or, if not in compliance, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and (iii) to the extent not previously disclosed on a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q previously filed by the Borrower with the SEC, stating whether any change in GAAP as applied by (or in the application of GAAP by) the Borrower has occurred since the Effective Date (but only if the Borrower has not previously reported such change to the Administrative Agent and if such change has had a material effect on the financial statements) and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect (unless such effect has been previously reported) as determined by the Borrower of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; 
 (d)	as soon as available and in any event not later than the last Business Day of the calendar month following each monthly accounting period (ending on the last day of each calendar month) of the Borrower, a Borrowing Base Certificate as at the last day of such accounting period presenting (i) the Borrower s computation (and including the rationale for any industry reclassification and a comparison to show changes from the Borrowing Base Certificate from the immediately prior period), a list of each Portfolio Investment included in such computation (and identifying the Obligor holding such Portfolio Investment), a list of each Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base that is a Participation Interest (identifying the Obligor holding such Participation Interest, 
 106 

the Excluded Asset that sold the Participation Interest to such Obligor and the underlying portfolio investment) and a certification of a Financial Officer of the Borrower as to compliance with Sections 6.03(d), 6.04(d) and 6.05(b) during the period covered by such Borrowing Base Certificate and, if during such monthly accounting period the Borrower has made any Investment pursuant to Section 6.04(d) or declared any Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.05(b), a certification of a Financial Officer of the Borrower as to compliance with Section 6.04(d) or Section 6.05(b), as applicable and (ii) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Combined Debt Amount (showing the components of the Gross Borrowing Base and the Combined Debt Amount, respectively); 
 (e)	promptly but no later than five Business Days after any Financial Officer of the Borrower shall at any time have knowledge that there is a Borrowing Base Deficiency, a Borrowing Base Certificate as at the date the Borrower has knowledge of such Borrowing Base Deficiency indicating the amount of such Borrowing Base Deficiency as at the date the Borrower obtained knowledge of such deficiency and the amount of such Borrowing Base Deficiency as of the date not earlier than one Business Day prior to the date the Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered pursuant to this paragraph (e); 
 (f)	promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of (x) all significant and non-routine written reports and (y) written reports stating that material deficiencies exist in the Borrower s internal controls or procedures or any other matter that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower submitted to management or the board of trustees of the Borrower by the Borrower s independent public accountants in connection with each annual, interim or special audit or review of any type of the financial statements or related internal control systems of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries delivered by such accountants to the management or board of trustees of the Borrower; 
 (g)	promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials sent to all stockholders or filed by any Obligor with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, as the case may be; 
 (h)	promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance by the Borrower with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request; 
 (i)	within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, all external valuation reports relating to the Portfolio Investments delivered to the Borrower by the Approved Third-Party Appraiser in connection with the quarterly appraisals of Unquoted Investments (provided that any recipient of such reports executes and delivers any non-reliance letter, release, confidentiality agreement or similar agreements required by such Approved Third-Party Appraiser); 
 107 

(j)	within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, any report that the Borrower receives from the Custodian listing the Portfolio Investments of the Borrower, as of the end of such fiscal quarter, held in an account subject to a Custodian Agreement; provided that the Borrower shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Custodian to provide such report; 
 (k)	[Reserved]; 
 (l)	within forty-five (45) days after the end of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a schedule setting forth in reasonable detail with respect to each Portfolio Investment of the Borrower, (i) the aggregate amount of all capitalized paid-in-kind interest in respect of such Portfolio Investment during the most recently ended fiscal quarter and (ii) the aggregate amount of all paid-in-kind interest collected in respect of such Portfolio Investment during the most recently ended fiscal quarter; 
 (m)	within forty-five (45) days after the end of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a schedule setting forth in reasonable detail with respect to each Portfolio Investment held by the Borrower, (i) the amortized cost of such Portfolio Investment as of the end of such fiscal quarter, (ii) the fair market value of such Portfolio Investment as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and (iii) the unrealized gains or losses as of the end of such fiscal quarter; and 
 (n)	within forty-five (45) days after the end of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, an updated Schedule VIII. 
 (o)	upon delivery of each Borrowing Base Certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(d) in the months of March, June, September and December, an updated data tape for each Late-Stage Loan included in the Borrowing Base substantially in the form agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower on or prior to the Effective Date or such other form as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.01 to the contrary, the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of this Section 5.01 (other than Sections 5.01(c), (d), (e) and (n)) if the reports, documents and other information of the type otherwise so required are publicly available when required to be filed on EDGAR at the www.sec.gov website or any successor service provided by the SEC. 
 SECTION 5.02.	 Notices of Material Events . Promptly upon a Financial Officer of the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge thereof, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender prompt written notice of the following: 
 (a)	the occurrence of any Default (unless the Borrower first became aware of such Default from a notice delivered by the Administrative Agent); 
 108 

(b)	the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (c)	the occurrence of any ERISA Event with respect to the Borrower that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and 
 (d)	any other development (excluding matters of a general economic, financial or political nature to the extent that they would not reasonably be expected to have a disproportionate effect on the Borrower) that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section 5.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 5.03.	 Existence; Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution not prohibited under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 5.04.	 Payment of Obligations . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including tax liabilities and material contractual obligations, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.05.	 Maintenance of Properties; Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses. 
 SECTION 5.06.	 Books and Records; Inspection Rights . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep books of record and account in accordance with GAAP in all material respects. The Borrower will, and will cause each other Obligor to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon three (3) Business Days prior notice to the Borrower, to visit and inspect its properties during normal business hours, to examine and make copies of its books and records (including books and 
 109 

records maintained by it in its capacity as a servicer in respect of any Designated Subsidiary or other Excluded Assets, but only to the extent the Borrower is not prohibited from disclosing such information or providing access to such information and any books, records and documents held by the Custodian), and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested, in each case, to the extent such inspection or requests for such information are reasonable and such information can be provided or discussed without violation of law, rule, regulation or contract; provided that the Borrower shall be entitled to have its representatives and advisors present during any inspection of its books and records and during any discussion with its independent accountants or independent auditors; provided further that the Borrower shall not be responsible for the costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for more than one visit and inspection in any calendar year under this Section 5.06 and Section 7.01(b) of the Guarantee and Security Agreement unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 SECTION 5.07.	 Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, including the Investment Company Act, any applicable rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder (in each case, if applicable to such Person) and orders of any other Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. 
 SECTION 5.08.	 Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances . 
 (a)	 Subsidiary Guarantors . In the event that (i) any Obligor shall form or acquire any new Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary) or (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary of such Obligor that is a Domestic Subsidiary shall cease to be an Immaterial Subsidiary pursuant to the definition thereof (in which case such Person shall be deemed to be a new Domestic Subsidiary for purposes of this Section 5.08 as of such date), the Borrower or such Obligor will cause such Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor within thirty (30) days (or such longer period as shall be reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent) following such Person becoming a new Domestic Subsidiary (and, thereby, an Obligor under a Guarantee Assumption Agreement and to deliver such proof of corporate or other action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel (if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent) and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 upon the Effective Date or as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may elect to cause any of its Excluded Assets or Immaterial Subsidiaries to become an Obligor by causing such Person to become a Subsidiary Guarantor and executing and delivering a Guarantee Assumption Agreement and other deliverables as required for a Subsidiary Guarantor under this Section 5.08(a) (at which point such Person shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor and shall no longer be an Excluded Asset or an Immaterial Subsidiary, as applicable). 
 110 

(b)	 Ownership of Subsidiaries . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset) to, take such action from time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries (other than any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset) is a wholly owned Subsidiary; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.03 or 6.04, so long as immediately after giving effect to such permitted transaction each of the remaining Subsidiaries is a wholly-owned Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset). 
 (c)	 Further Assurances . The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to, take such action from time to time (including filing appropriate Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and executing and delivering such assignments, security agreements and other instruments) as shall reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent to effectuate the purposes and objectives of this Agreement, including: 
 (i)	to create, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders (and any Affiliate thereof that is a party to any Hedging Agreement entered into with such Obligor) and the holders of any Other Secured Indebtedness, perfected security interests and Liens in the Collateral; provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be subject to the relevant requirements of the Security Documents; provided further , that in the case of any Collateral consisting of voting stock of any Controlled Foreign Corporation, such security interest shall be limited to 65 of the issued and outstanding voting stock of such Controlled Foreign Corporation, 
 (ii)	subject to Section 5.14 hereof and Sections 7.01 and 7.04 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, to cause any bank or securities intermediary (within the meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code) to enter into such arrangements with the Collateral Agent as shall be appropriate in order that the Collateral Agent has control over each deposit account or securities account of the Obligors (in each case, other than any Excluded Accounts (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement)) and in that connection, the Borrower agrees to cause all cash and other proceeds of Portfolio Investments received by any Obligor to be promptly deposited into such an account (or otherwise delivered to, or registered in the name of, the Collateral Agent) and, until such deposit, delivery or registration such cash and other proceeds shall be held in trust by the Borrower for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and shall not be commingled with any other funds of such Obligor, any Designated Subsidiary or any other Person (including with any money or financial assets of any Obligor in its capacity as servicer for any such Designated Subsidiary or any other Excluded Assets, or any money or financial assets of any Excluded Asset), 
 (iii)	in the case of any portfolio investment held by an Excluded Asset or an Immaterial Subsidiary, including any cash collection related thereto, ensure that such portfolio investment shall not be held in the account of any Obligor subject to a control agreement among such Obligor, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
 (iv)	in the case of any Portfolio Investment consisting of a Bank Loan that does not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant 
 111 

underlying loan documents and an Excluded Asset or an Immaterial Subsidiary holds any interest in the loans or other extensions of credit under such loan documents, (x) cause such Excluded Asset or such Immaterial Subsidiary to be party to such underlying loan documents as a lender having a direct interest (or a participation; provided that any participation acquired from an Obligor shall give such Excluded Asset or such Immaterial Subsidiary the right to elevate such participation to an assignment at any time in its sole discretion, which right shall be exercised no later than 90 days after the acquisition thereof) in such underlying loan documents and the extensions of credit thereunder and (y) ensure that, subject to Section 5.08(c)(v) below, all amounts owing to such Obligor or such Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary by the underlying borrower or other obligated party are remitted by such borrower or obligated party (or the applicable administrative agents, collateral agents or equivalent Person) directly to the accounts of such Obligor, such Excluded Asset and such Immaterial Subsidiary, respectively; provided that, in the case of a participation interest by any Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary, such Portfolio Investment, including any cash collection related thereto, may be held in the account of any Obligor subject to a control agreement among such Obligor, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (v)	in the event that any Obligor, Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary is acting as an agent or administrative agent (or analogous capacity) under any loan documents with respect to any Bank Loan and such Obligor, Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary, as applicable, does not hold all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant underlying loan documents, ensure that all funds held by such Obligor, Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary, as applicable, in such capacity as agent or administrative agent are segregated from all other funds of such Obligor, Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary, as applicable, and are clearly identified as being held in an agency capacity, and 
 (vi)	cause all credit or loan agreements, any notes and all assignment and assumption agreements, as applicable, relating to any Portfolio Investment constituting part of the Collateral to be held by (x) the Collateral Agent, (y) a Custodian pursuant to the terms of the applicable Custodian Agreement, or (z) pursuant to an appropriate intercreditor agreement, so long as such Custodian has agreed to grant access to such loan and other documents to the Administrative Agent pursuant to an access or similar agreement between the Borrower and such Custodian in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided that the Borrower s obligation to deliver underlying documentation may be satisfied by delivery of copies of such agreements. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (1) nothing contained herein shall prevent an Obligor from having a Participation Interest in a portfolio investment held by an Excluded Asset and (2) if any instrument, promissory note, agreement, document or certificate held by the Custodian is destroyed or lost not as a result of any action of such Obligor, then any original of such instrument, promissory note, agreement, document or certificate shall be deemed held by the Custodian for all purposes hereunder; provided that, when such Obligor has actual knowledge of any such destroyed or lost instrument, promissory note, agreement, document or 
 112 

certificate, it shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from the underlying borrower, and deliver to the Custodian, a replacement instrument, promissory note, agreement, document or certificate. 
 
 SECTION 5.09.	 Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use the proceeds of its Loans and the issuances of Letters of Credit only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, (a) repaying outstanding Indebtedness not prohibited by the Loan Documents, (b) paying fees and expenses paid or payable in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (c) making other distributions, contributions and investments, and the acquisition and funding (either directly or through one (1) or more of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) of leveraged loans, mezzanine loans, high yield securities, convertible securities, preferred stock, common stock, Hedging Agreements and other Portfolio Investments; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any of such proceeds. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will be used in violation of Sanctions or any other applicable law or, directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying any Margin Stock (except as set forth in Section 3.11(d)). Upon the request of any Lender, the Borrower shall furnish to such Lender a statement in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, in violation of any applicable Sanctions, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transactions would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 SECTION 5.10.	 Status of RIC and BDC . The Borrower intends to elect RIC treatment with respect to the taxable year ending December 31, 2023 upon filing applicable tax returns in 2024. Upon electing RIC treatment, the Borrower shall at all times maintain its status as a RIC under the Code. The Borrower shall at all times maintain its status as a business development company under the Investment Company Act. 
 SECTION 5.11.	 Investment and Valuation Policies . The Borrower shall promptly advise the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of any material change in either its Investment Policies or Valuation Policy. 
 SECTION 5.12.	 Portfolio Valuation and Diversification, Etc . 
 (a)	 Industry Classification Groups . For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrower shall assign each Portfolio Investment to an Industry Classification Group. To the extent that the Borrower reasonably determines that any Portfolio Investment is not adequately correlated with the risks of other Portfolio Investments in an Industry Classification Group, such Portfolio Investment may be assigned by the Borrower to an Industry Classification Group that is 
 113 

more closely correlated to such Portfolio Investment. In the absence of adequate correlation, the Borrower shall be permitted, upon notice to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender to create up to three additional Industry Classification Groups for purposes of this Agreement. Furthermore, for Portfolio Investments in the software industry, the Borrower may assign such Portfolio Investment to the Industry Classification Group based on the predominant end-user of the applicable issuer s product. 
 (b)	 Portfolio Valuation Etc . 
 (i)	 Settlement Date Basis . For purposes of this Agreement, all determinations of whether an investment is to be included as a Portfolio Investment shall be determined on a settlement date basis (meaning that any investment that has been purchased will not be treated as a Portfolio Investment until such purchase has settled, and any Portfolio Investment which has been sold will not be excluded as a Portfolio Investment until such sale has settled); provided that no such investment shall be included as a Portfolio Investment to the extent it has not been paid for in full. 
 (ii)	 Determination of Values . The Borrower will conduct reviews of the value to be assigned to each of its Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base as follows: 
 (A)	 Quoted Investments External Review . With respect to Portfolio Investments (including Cash Equivalents) traded in an active and orderly market for which market quotations are readily available, in each case, as determined by the Borrower Quoted Investments ), the Borrower shall, not less frequently than once each calendar week, determine the market value of such Quoted Investments which shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with one of the following methodologies (as selected by the Borrower): 
 (w)	in the case of public and 144A securities, the average of the bid prices as determined by at least two Approved Dealers selected by the Borrower or an Approved Pricing Service selected by the Borrower which makes reference to at least two Approved Dealers with respect to such public and 144A securities, 
 (x)	in the case of Bank Loans, the average of the bid prices as determined by at least two Approved Dealers selected by the Borrower or an Approved Pricing Service selected by the Borrower which makes reference to at least two Approved Dealers with respect to such Bank Loans, or if only one bid price is available, such bid price, 
 (y)	in the case of any Quoted Investment traded on an exchange, the closing price for such Portfolio Investment most recently posted on such exchange, and 
 (z)	in the case of any other Quoted Investment, the fair market value thereof as determined by an Approved Pricing Service; and 
 114 

(B)	 Unquoted Investments External Review . With respect to Portfolio Investments not traded in an active and orderly market or for which market quotations are not readily available, in each case, as determined by the Borrower Unquoted Investments ), the Borrower shall determine the fair value of such Unquoted Investments quarterly in a manner consistent with its Valuation Policy (except as otherwise required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but in all cases using fair value principles), and shall obtain the valuation of at least 25 by value of all Unquoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base using the assistance of an Approved Third-Party Appraiser; provided , the Borrower may rely on the valuations of the Unquoted Investments obtained pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(iii)(A) in lieu of obtaining the valuations pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B); provided further that , if (1) a Portfolio Investment has a Value less than 1 of the Collateral Pool (in an aggregate maximum amount not to exceed 15 by value of all Portfolio Investments) or (2) a Portfolio Investment is acquired during a fiscal quarter (unless the Value is otherwise obtained by the Independent Valuation Provider), the Value of such Portfolio Investment described in (1) and (2) shall not be included when determining the percentage of Portfolio Investments required to be valued in such quarter. The Value of any such Portfolio Investment described in the immediately preceding sentence shall be deemed to be equal to the lower of (x) the Value of such Portfolio Investment determined by the Borrower in accordance with Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) and (y) the cost of such Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender acknowledges that it may be required to enter into a non-reliance letter, confidentiality agreement or similar agreement requested or required by a proposed appraiser to allow the Administrative Agent or such Lender to review any written valuation report. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, there shall be no requirement to disclose any portion of any report submitted by the Approved Third-Party Appraiser without such a non-reliance letter if such non-reliance letter is required by such Approved Third-Party Appraiser as a condition to such disclosure. 
 (C)	 Internal Review . The Borrower shall conduct an internal review of the aggregate value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, at least once each calendar week, which shall take into account any event of which the Borrower has knowledge that materially adversely affects the aggregate value of such Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base. If, based upon such weekly internal review, the Borrower determines that a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists, then the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days as provided in Section 5.01(e), deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting the new amount of the Borrowing Base and shall take the actions, and make the payments and prepayments on the Loans (and/or provide cover for Letters of Credit), all as more specifically set forth in Section 2.10(c). 
 (D)	 Failure to Determine Values . If the Borrower shall fail to determine the value of any Portfolio Investment as at any date pursuant to the requirements (but subject to the exclusions) of the foregoing subclauses (A) through (C), the Value of such Portfolio Investment as at such date shall be 
 115 

deemed to be zero for purposes of the Borrowing Base until such time as the value of such Portfolio Investment is determined in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (E)	 Initial Value of Assets . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, from the Effective Date until the date when the first valuation reports are required to be delivered under Section 5.01(i), the Value of any Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base with respect to each Borrower shall be the Value as determined in a manner consistent with Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) and as delivered to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) the value of any Portfolio Investments determined in accordance with any provision of this Section 5.12 shall be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement until a new Value for such Portfolio Investment is subsequently determined in good faith in accordance with this Section 5.12 
 provided that, the Borrower shall value substantially all Portfolio Investments pursuant to the foregoing requirements no less frequently than once in any rolling twelve-month period. 
 
 (iii)	 Scheduled Testing of Values . 
 (A)	Each February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30 of each calendar year, commencing on May 31, 2023 (or such other dates as are agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, but in no event less frequently than once per calendar quarter, each a Valuation Testing Date ), the Administrative Agent through an Independent Valuation Provider will test the values determined, or required to be determined, pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) of those Unquoted Investments (x) included in the Borrowing Base as of such Valuation Testing Date or at any time between such Valuation Testing Date and the immediately preceding Valuation Testing Date, in each case, unless such Portfolio Investment is no longer in the Collateral Pool pursuant to a transaction permitted hereunder and (y) selected by the Administrative Agent; provided , that the aggregate value of such Unquoted Investments tested on any Valuation Testing Date will be equal to the Tested Amount (as defined below) (or as near thereto as reasonably practical). For the avoidance of doubt, Unquoted Investments that are part of the Collateral but not included in the Borrowing Base as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date or at any time between the applicable Valuation Testing Date and the immediately preceding Valuation Testing Date (unless such Portfolio Investment is no longer in the Collateral Pool pursuant to a transaction permitted hereunder) shall not be subject to testing under this Section 5.12(b)(iii). 
 (B)	For purposes of this Agreement, the Tested Amount shall be equal to the greater of: (i) an amount equal to (y) 125 of the Covered Debt Amount (as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date) minus (z) the sum of the values of all Cash and all Quoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base (as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date) and (ii) 10 of the aggregate value of all Unquoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base (as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date); provided , however , in no event shall more than 25 (or, if clause (ii) applies, 10 , or as near thereto as 
 116 

reasonably practicable) of the aggregate value of the Unquoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base be tested by the Independent Valuation Provider in respect of any applicable Valuation Testing Date. If the Value of the Unquoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base is less than the Tested Amount as calculated in the immediately preceding sentence, then the Tested Amount shall equal the Value of such Unquoted Investments. 
 (C)	With respect to any Unquoted Investment, if the value of such Unquoted Investment determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is not more than the lesser of (1) five (5) points more than the midpoint of the valuation range (expressed as a percentage of par) provided by the Independent Valuation Provider (provided that the value of such Unquoted Investment is customarily quoted as a percentage of par, otherwise this clause (1) shall not be applicable) and (2) 110 of the midpoint of the valuation range provided by the Independent Valuation Provider, then the value for such Unquoted Investment determined in accordance with Section 5.12(b)(ii) shall continue to be used as the Value for purposes of this Agreement. If the value of any Unquoted Investment determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is more than the lesser of the values set forth in clause (C)(1) and (2) (to the extent applicable), then for such Unquoted Investment, the Value for purposes of this Agreement shall become the least of (x) the highest value of the valuation range provided by the Independent Valuation Provider, (y) five (5) points more than the midpoint of the valuation range (expressed as a percentage of par) provided by the Independent Valuation Provider (provided that the value of such Unquoted Investment is customarily quoted as a percentage of par, otherwise this clause (y) shall not be applicable) and (z) 110 of the midpoint of the valuation range provided by the Independent Valuation Provider; provided that, if a Portfolio Investment is acquired during a fiscal quarter and until such time as the Value is obtained with respect to such Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A), 5.12(b)(ii)(B) or 5.12(b)(iii), the Value of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to be equal to the lower of (x) the value of such Portfolio Investment determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) and (y) the cost of such Unquoted Investment. 
 (iv)	 Supplemental Testing of Values . 
 (A)	Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent individually or at the request of the Required Lenders, shall, at any time, have the right to request, in its reasonable discretion, any Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base with a value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) to be independently tested by the Independent Valuation Provider. There shall be no limit on the number of such tests that may be requested by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. If (x) the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is less than the value determined by the Independent Valuation Provider pursuant to this clause, then the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) shall continue to be used as the Value for purposes of this Agreement and (y) if the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is greater than the value determined by the Independent Valuation Provider pursuant to this clause and the difference between such values is: (1) less than or equal to 5 of the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii), then the value 
 117 

determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) shall continue to be used as the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement; (2) greater than 5 and less than or equal to 20 of the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii), then the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement shall become the average of the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) and the value determined by the Independent Valuation Provider pursuant to this clause; and (3) greater than 20 of the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii), then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, shall retain an additional third-party appraiser and, upon the completion of such appraisal, the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement shall become the average of the three (3) valuations (with the average of the Independent Valuation Provider s value and the Borrower s value determined pursuant to this clause to be used as the Value of such Portfolio Investment for a period of up to five (5) Business Days following written notice from the Administrative Agent of the Value determined pursuant to this clause and once such third-party appraiser has been retained and until the earlier of (x) the date such third value is obtained and (y) the immediately subsequent Valuation Testing Date, provided that if such third value is not obtained by the subsequent Valuation Testing Date, the Value of such Portfolio Investment shall be the Independent Valuation Provider s Value until such Portfolio Investment is revalued in accordance with this Section 5.12). For the avoidance of doubt, Portfolio Investments that are part of the Collateral but not included in the Borrowing Base as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date or at any time between the applicable Valuation Testing Date and the immediately preceding Valuation Testing Date (unless such Portfolio Investment is no longer in the Collateral Pool pursuant to a transaction permitted hereunder) shall not be subject to testing under this Section 5.12(b)(iv). 
 (B)	Except as otherwise provided herein, the Value of any Portfolio Investment for which the Independent Valuation Provider s value is used shall be the midpoint of the range (if any) determined by the Independent Valuation Provider. The Independent Valuation Provider shall apply a recognized valuation methodology that is commonly accepted by the business development company industry for valuing Portfolio Investments of the type being valued and held by the Obligors. 
 (C)	For the avoidance of doubt, the Value of any Portfolio Investment determined in accordance with this Section 5.12 shall be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement until a new Value for such Portfolio Investment is subsequently determined in accordance with this Section 5.12. 
 (D)	The reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of any valuation reasonably incurred by the Administrative Agent, under this Section 5.12 shall be at the expense of the Borrower; provided that the Borrower s obligation to reimburse valuation costs incurred by the Administrative Agent, pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(iv) shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal 
 118 

to the greater of (x) 100,000 and (y) 0.015 of the total Commitments for any 12-month period (the IVP Supplemental Cap ). 
 (E)	In addition, the values determined by the Independent Valuation Provider shall be deemed to be Information hereunder and subject to Section 9.13 hereof. 
 (F)	The Administrative Agent shall provide a copy of the final results of any valuation performed by the Independent Valuation Provider or an Approved Third-Party Appraiser to any Lender promptly upon such Lender s request, except to the extent that such recipient has not executed and delivered a customary and reasonable non-reliance letter, confidentiality agreement or similar agreement requested or required by such Independent Valuation Provider or Approved Third-Party Appraiser, as applicable; provided, that without the consent of the Borrower, no final report may be provided by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders prior to the earlier of the date that the Borrower delivers its financial statements for the related period and the date on which the Borrower is required to so deliver such financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b). 
 (v)	For the avoidance of doubt, any Values determined by the Independent Valuation Provider pursuant to Sections 5.12(b)(iii) and (iv) shall only be required to be used for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base and shall not be required to be utilized by the Borrower for any other purpose, including, without limitation, the delivery of financial statements or valuations required under ASC 820 or the Investment Company Act. 
 (vi)	The Independent Valuation Provider shall be instructed to conduct its tests in a manner not disruptive in any material respect to the business of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of its receipt of the final results of any valuation performed by the Independent Valuation Provider promptly upon its receipt thereof and shall provide a copy of such results and the related report to the Borrower promptly upon the Borrower s request. 
 (c)	 Investment Company Diversification Requirements . The Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, at all times, comply in all material respects with the portfolio diversification and similar requirements set forth in the Investment Company Act applicable to business development companies. The Borrower will at all times, subject to applicable grace or cure periods set forth in the Code, comply with the portfolio diversification and similar requirements set forth in the Code applicable to RICs. 
 (d)	 Participation Interests . The Value attributable to any Participation Interest shall be the Value determined with respect to the underlying portfolio investment related to such Participation Interest in accordance with this Section 5.12, provided any participation interest that does not satisfy the definition of Participation Interest shall have a Value of zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 119 

SECTION 5.13.	 Calculation of Borrowing Base . For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrowing Base shall be determined, as at any date of determination, as the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (x) the Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Collateral Pool to the extent the Borrower elects to include such Portfolio Investment in the Borrowing Base by (y) the applicable Advance Rate, provided that: 
 (a)	if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 6 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate; (ii) less than 2.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 5 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate; or (iii) less than 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 4 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate; 
 (b)	if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 12 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; (ii) less than 2.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 10 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; or (iii) less than 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 8 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; 
 (c)	if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 25 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; provided that, with respect to Portfolio Investments in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this clause (i), such 25 figure shall be increased to 30 and, accordingly, only to the extent that the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in such single Industry Classification Group exceeds 30 of the aggregate 
 120 

Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall the Advance Rate applicable to such excess portion be 0 ; (ii) less than 2.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; provided that, with respect to the Portfolio Investments in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this clause (ii), such 20 figure shall be increased to 25 and, accordingly, only to the extent that the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in such single Industry Classification Group exceeds 25 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall the Advance Rate applicable to such excess portion be 0 ; or (iii) less than 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; 
 (d)	if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Non-Core Investments that exceeds 20 of the aggregate Borrowing Value of all Portfolio Investments shall be 0 ; (ii) less than 2.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Non-Core Investments that exceeds 10 of the aggregate Borrowing Value of all Portfolio Investments shall be 0 ; or (iii) less than 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Non-Core Investments that exceeds 5 of the aggregate Borrowing Value of all Portfolio Investments shall be 0 ; 
 (e)	the Advance Rate applicable to CLO Securities (or other investments that similarly represent an investment in underlying levered portfolios), finance leases and investments in Excluded Assets, shall be 0 ; 
 (f)	the Advance Rate applicable to the portion of the aggregate Value of investments included in the Borrowing Base in Performing Late-Stage Loans that exceeds 15 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 ; 
 (g)	if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) less than 2.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Borrowing Value of investments in Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments that exceeds 30 of the aggregate Borrowing Value of all Portfolio Investments shall be 0 ; or (ii) less than 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Borrowing Value of investments in Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments that exceeds 20 of the aggregate Borrowing Value of all Portfolio Investments shall be 0 ; 
 (h)	if (i)(A) the Borrowing Base (without giving effect to any adjustment required pursuant to this paragraph (h), the Gross Borrowing Base is less than 1.50 times the Senior Debt Amount, and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 
 121 

2.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the aggregate Borrowing Value of investments in Senior Investments may not be less than 60 of the Covered Debt Amount; (ii)(A) the Gross Borrowing Base is less than 1.50 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, the aggregate Borrowing Value of investments in Senior Investments may not be less than 75 of the Covered Debt Amount; or (iii)(A) the Gross Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to 1.50 times the Senior Debt Amount, and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, the aggregate Borrowing Value of investments in Senior Investments may not be less than 25 of the Covered Debt Amount (this provision referred to herein as the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant ); and 
 (i)	no Participation Interest may be included in the Borrowing Base of the Borrower for more than 90 days. 
 No Portfolio Investment may be included in the Borrowing Base until such time as such Portfolio Investment has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) to the Collateral Agent, and then only for so long as such Portfolio Investment continues to be Delivered as contemplated therein; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Portfolio Investment in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected (other than, for a period of up to 7 days (or such longer period up to sixty (60) days as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion), customary rights of setoff, banker s lien, security interest or other like right upon securities accounts in which such Portfolio Investments are held) security interest pursuant to a valid Uniform Commercial Code filing, such Portfolio Investment may be included in the Borrowing Base so long as all remaining actions to complete Delivery are satisfied in full within 7 days of such inclusion (or such longer period up to sixty (60) days as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the failure to Deliver any Portfolio Investment or other Collateral shall not be a Default or Event of Default, except for any failure that would constitute an Event of Default under clause (p) of Article VII. Voting stock of any Controlled Foreign Corporation in excess of 65 of the issued and outstanding voting stock of such Controlled Foreign Corporation shall not be included as a Portfolio Investment for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (a) to avoid double counting of excess concentrations, any Advance Rate reductions set forth under this Section 5.13 shall be without duplication of any other such Advance Rate reductions and (b) to the extent the Borrowing Base is required to be reduced to comply with this Section 5.13, the Borrower shall be permitted to choose the Portfolio Investments to be excluded from the Borrowing Base to effect such reduction. For purposes of determining the portfolio limitations above, all issuers of Portfolio Investments that are Affiliates of one another shall be treated as a single issuer (unless (a) such issuers are Affiliates of one another solely because they are under the common Control of the same private equity sponsor or similar sponsor or (b) otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). 
 As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 122 

Advance Rate means, as to any Portfolio Investment and subject to adjustment as provided in Sections 5.13(a) through (i), as applicable, the following percentages with respect to such Portfolio Investment: 

Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio 2.00:1.00 
 2.00:1.00 > Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio 1.75:1.00 
 1.75:1.00 > Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio 1.50:1.00 

Portfolio Investment 1 
 Quoted 
 Unquoted 
 Quoted 
 Unquoted 
 Quoted 
 Unquoted 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term U.S. Government Securities 
 100 
 n.a. 
 100 
 n.a. 
 100 
 n.a. 

Long-Term U.S. Government Securities 
 95 
 n.a. 
 95 
 n.a. 
 95 
 n.a. 

Performing First Lien Bank Loans 
 85 
 75 
 85 
 75 
 85 
 75 

Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 
 85 
 75 
 80 
 70 
 75 
 65 

Performing Late-Stage Loan (portion with (i) LTV less than or equal to 30 with 0 or negative EBITDA or (ii) LTV less than or equal to 40 with positive EBITDA) 
 85 
 75 
 80 
 70 
 75 
 65 

Performing First Lien Last Out Loans 
 80 
 70 
 75 
 65 
 70 
 60 

Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 
 75 
 65 
 70 
 60 
 65 
 55 

Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities 
 70 
 60 
 65 
 55 
 60 
 50 

Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 
 65 
 55 
 60 
 50 
 55 
 45 

Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities 
 60 
 50 
 55 
 45 
 50 
 40 

Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 
 55 
 45 
 50 
 40 
 45 
 35 

Performing Preferred Stock 
 55 
 45 
 50 
 40 
 45 
 35 

Performing Late-Stage Loan (portion with (i) LTV in excess of 30 and less than or equal to 40 and with 0 or negative EBITDA or (ii) LTV in excess of 40 and less than or equal to 50 and with positive EBITDA 
 45 
 45 
 40 
 40 
 35 
 35 

Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans 
 45 
 45 
 40 
 40 
 35 
 35 

Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 
 45 
 45 
 40 
 40 
 35 
 35 

Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Loans 
 40 
 35 
 35 
 30 
 30 
 25 

Non-Performing Late-Stage Loans (portion with LTV less than or equal to 50 
 40 
 35 
 35 
 30 
 30 
 25 

Performing DIP Loans 
 40 
 35 
 35 
 30 
 30 
 25 

Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 
 40 
 30 
 35 
 25 
 30 
 20 

Non-Performing High Yield Securities 
 30 
 30 
 25 
 25 
 20 
 20 

Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments 
 30 
 25 
 25 
 20 
 20 
 20 

Performing Common Stock 
 30 
 20 
 25 
 20 
 20 
 20 

Late-Stage Loans (portion with (i) LTV in excess of 40 with 0 or negative EBITDA or (ii) LTV in excess of 50 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Non-Performing Preferred Stock 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Non-Performing Common Stock 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

1 For the avoidance of doubt, the above categories are intended to be indicative of the traditional investment types. All determinations of whether a particular Portfolio Investment belongs to one category or another shall be made by the Borrower on a consistent basis with the foregoing. 
 Bank Loans means debt obligations (including, without limitation, term loans, revolving loans, debtor-in-possession financings, the funded and unfunded portion of revolving 
 123 

credit lines and letter of credit facilities and other similar loans and investments including interim loans, bridge loans and senior subordinated loans) which are generally documented under documentation substantially similar to documents used under a syndicated loan or credit facility or pursuant to any loan agreement, note purchase agreement or other similar financing arrangement facility, whether or not syndicated. 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq . 
 Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares of corporate stock (however designated) of, and any and all other equity interests and participations representing ownership interests (including membership interests and limited liability company interests) in, such Person. 
 Cash has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 of this Agreement. 
 Cash Equivalents has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 of this Agreement. 
 Cash Pay Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans, First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans, First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Late-Stage Loans and Second Lien Bank Loans as to which, at the time of determination, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to the greater of (a) 2.00 above Term Benchmark or other similar floating rate (or, in each case, the replacement rate) per annum and (b) 3.00 per annum is payable for the most recent payment date (which shall be at least quarterly). 
 First Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first-priority perfected security interest (subject to any Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien and other customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets (subject to customary exceptions) of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof; provided that any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan; provided further that any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan; provided further that any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a Late-Stage Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a Late-Stage Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that, and only for so long as, any Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien exceeds the amount permitted under clause (c) of the definition thereof, an Obligor s investment in such applicable Bank Loan shall be treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement. 
 First Lien Last Out Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that is a First Lien Bank Loan, a portion of which is, in effect, subject to debt subordination following an event of default and superpriority rights of other lenders (such portion, a last out portion); provided, that the aggregate principal amount of the last out portion of such Bank Loan is at least 50 of the aggregate principal amount of any first out portion of such Bank Loan; provided, further that 
 124 

(other than for a Late-Stage Loan) the underlying obligor with respect to such Bank Loan shall have a ratio of first lien debt (including the first out portion of such Bank Loan, but excluding the last out portion of such Bank Loan, and, solely to the extent such amounts are netted from debt in the debt to EBITDA calculation in the underlying documentation for such First Lien Bank Loan, net of any cash and cash equivalents) to EBITDA that does not exceed 3.25:1.00 and a ratio of aggregate first lien debt (including both the first out portion and the last out portion of such Bank Loan, and, solely to the extent such amounts are netted from debt in the debt to EBITDA calculation in the underlying documentation for such First Lien Bank Loan, net of any cash and cash equivalents) to EBITDA that does not exceed 5.25:1.00. An Obligor s investment in the last out portion of a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, an Obligor s investment in the portion of such Bank Loan that is not the last out portion (the first out portion) shall be treated as a First Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement and whether such Portfolio Investment constitutes a Senior Investment under this Agreement, and an Obligor s investment in any last out portion of a First Lien Bank Loan that does not meet the foregoing criteria shall be treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement and whether such Portfolio Investment constitutes a Senior Investment under this Agreement. 
 First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan means a First Lien Bank Loan (other than a Late-Stage Loan) with a ratio of first lien debt (net of any cash and cash equivalents solely to the extent such amounts are netted from debt in the debt to EBITDA calculation in the underlying documentation for such First Lien Bank Loan) to EBITDA that exceeds 5.25:1.00. 
 High Yield Securities means debt Securities (a) issued by public or private issuers, (b) issued pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder) or other exemption to the Securities Act and (c) that are not Cash Equivalents, Mezzanine Investments (described under clause (i) of the definition thereof) or Bank Loans. 
 Junior Investments means, any Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 
 
 Late-Stage Loan means a First Lien Bank Loan designated as a Late-Stage Loan by the Borrower and underwritten based on the respective borrower s Recurring Revenues. 
 
 Long-Term U.S. Government Securities means U.S. Government Securities maturing more than one year from the applicable date of determination. 
 
 LTV means, with respect to any Late-Stage Loan as of any date, the loan-to-value ratio as determined by the Borrower. 
 
 Mezzanine Investments means (i) debt Securities (including convertible debt Securities (other than the in-the-money equity component thereof)) (a) issued by public or private issuers, (b) issued without registration under the Securities Act, (c) not issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder) or other exemption 
 125 

to the Securities Act, (d) that are not Cash Equivalents and (e) contractually subordinated in right of payment to other debt of the same issuer and (ii) a Bank Loan that is not a First Lien Bank Loan, First Lien Last Out Bank Loan, First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan, Second Lien Bank Loan or a High Yield Security. 
 Non-Core Investments means, collectively, (a) the portion of any Performing Late-Stage Loan (i) in excess of 30 but less than or equal to 40 LTV for a respective borrower with 0 or negative EBITDA and (ii) in excess of 40 but less than 50 LTV for a respective borrower with positive EBITDA, (b) Capital Stock (including Performing Common Stock), (c) Preferred Stock (including Performing Preferred Stock), (d) Non-Performing Bank Loans, (e) Non-Performing High Yield Securities, (f) Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments, (g) Performing DIP Loans, (h) Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities and (i) Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 
 Non-Performing Bank Loans means, collectively, Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans, Non-Performing Late-Stage Loans and Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing Common Stock means Capital Stock (other than Preferred Stock) and warrants of an issuer having any debt outstanding that is non-Performing. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities other than Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities. 
 Non-Performing Late-Stage Loans means Late-Stage Loans other than Performing Late-Stage Loans. 
 Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments other than Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments and Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 
 Non-Performing Preferred Stock means Preferred Stock other than Performing Preferred Stock. 
 Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans means Second Lien Bank Loans other than Performing Second Lien Bank Loans. 
 126 

Performing means (a) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is debt, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment is not then in default of any payment obligations outstanding with respect to accrued and unpaid interest or principal in respect thereof, after the expiration of any applicable grace or cure period, and (b) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is Preferred Stock, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment has not failed to meet any scheduled redemption obligations or to pay its latest declared cash dividend, after the expiration of any applicable grace or cure period. 
 Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities (a) as to which, at the time of determination, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to the greater of (i) 2.00 above Term Benchmark or other similar floating rate (or, in each case, the replacement rate) per annum (or its fixed rate equivalent) and (ii) 3.00 per annum is payable for the most recent payment date (which shall be at least semi-annually), and (b) which are Performing. 
 Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments (a) as to which, at the time of determination, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to the greater of (i) 2.00 above Term Benchmark or other similar floating rate (or, in each case, the replacement rate) per annum (or its fixed rate equivalent) and (ii) 3.00 per annum is payable for the most recent payment date (which shall be at least semi-annually), and (b) which are Performing. 
 Performing Common Stock means Capital Stock (other than Preferred Stock) and warrants of an issuer all of whose outstanding debt is Performing. 
 Performing DIP Loans means a loan made to a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code having the priority allowed by either Section 364(c) or 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code that is Performing. 
 Performing First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans (which are not Performing DIP Loans) which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 
 Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 
 
 Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 
 
 Performing Late-Stage Loans means Late-Stage Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 
 
 Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities other than Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities that are Performing. 
 
 Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments other than Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments that are Performing. 
 Performing Preferred Stock means Preferred Stock that is Performing. 
 127 

Performing Second Lien Bank Loans means Second Lien Bank Loans (which are not Performing DIP Loans) which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 
 Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien means, with respect to any borrower under a Bank Loan (other than a Late-Stage Loan where LTV is in excess of 30 for negative or zero EBITDA borrowers or is in excess of 40 for positive EBITDA borrowers), a security interest to secure a senior facility for such borrower and/or any of its parents and/or subsidiaries; provided that (a) such Bank Loan has a second-priority lien on the collateral that is subject to the first-priority lien of such senior facility (or a pari passu lien on such collateral), (b) such senior facility is not secured by any other assets (other than a pari passu lien or a second-priority lien, subject to the pari passu lien or the first-priority lien of the Bank Loan) and does not benefit from any standstill rights or other agreements (other than customary rights) with respect to any other assets and (c) the maximum outstanding principal amount of such senior facility (other than with respect to a Late-Stage Loan) (i) is not greater than the lower of (x) 1.0x EBITDA of the borrower under such Bank Loan, and (y) 20 of the outstanding amount of the associated first-priority lien loan and (ii) with respect to a Late-Stage Loan (other than a Late-Stage Loan where LTV is in excess of 30 and less than or equal to 40 for negative or zero EBITDA borrowers or is in excess of 40 for positive EBITDA borrowers), is not greater than the lower of (x) 33 of Recurring Revenue and (y) 7.5 of enterprise value. 
 Preferred Stock as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of such Person of any class or classes (however designated) that ranks prior, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such Person, to any shares (or other interests) of other Capital Stock of such Person, and shall include, without limitation, cumulative preferred, non cumulative preferred, participating preferred and convertible preferred Capital Stock. 
 Recurring Revenue means, with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is a Late-Stage Loan, the definition of annualized recurring revenue used in the relevant agreement, or any comparable term for Revenue , Recurring Revenue or Adjusted Revenue in the relevant agreement or if there is no such term in the relevant agreement, all recurring maintenance, service, support, hosting, subscription and other revenues identified by the Borrower (including, without limitation, software as a service subscription revenue), of the related issuer and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated with respect to such Portfolio Investment pursuant to the relevant agreement. 
 Second Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan (other than a First Lien Bank Loan) that is entitled to the benefit of a first and/or second lien and first- and/or second-priority perfected security interest (subject to customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof. 
 Securities means common and preferred stock, units and participations, member interests in limited liability companies, partnership interests in partnerships, notes, bonds, debentures, trust receipts and other obligations, instruments or evidences of indebtedness, including debt instruments of public and private issuers and tax-exempt securities (including warrants, rights, put and call options and other options relating thereto, representing rights, or 
 128 

any combination thereof) and other property or interests commonly regarded as securities or any form of interest or participation therein, but not including Bank Loans. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Senior Investments means Cash, Cash Equivalents, U.S. treasuries of one month or more, Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans and the portion of any Performing Late-Stage Loans with (i) LTV less than or equal to 30 with 0 or negative EBITDA or (ii) LTV less than or equal to 40 with positive EBITDA. 
 Short-Term U.S. Government Securities means U.S. Government Securities maturing within one year of the applicable date of determination. 
 U.S. Government Securities means securities that are direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully guaranteed by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States and in the form of conventional bills, bonds, and notes. 
 Value means with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the most recent value as determined pursuant to Section 5.12. 
 SECTION 5.14.	 Post-Closing Matters . To the extent not delivered as of the Effective Date, not later than thirty (30) days from the Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Borrower shall have executed and delivered (or caused to be executed and delivered) to the Administrative Agent a Control Agreement (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) with respect to each of the Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts (each as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) maintained by the Borrower and the other Obligors on the Effective Date that are required to be delivered by the Guarantee and Security Agreement. All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified (or waived on a limited basis) to the extent necessary to give effect to the foregoing (and to permit the taking of such actions within the time periods specified above), and, to the extent any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document would be violated or breached (or any non-compliance with any such provision would result in a Default or Event of Default hereunder) as a result of any such extended deadline, such provision shall be deemed modified (or waived on a limited basis) to the extent necessary to give effect to this Section 5.14. 
 Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Facility Termination Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 6.01.	 Indebtedness . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: 
 129 

(a)	Indebtedness created hereunder or under any other Loan Document; 
 (b)	Permitted Indebtedness and Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount that, in each case, taken together with Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (g), (i), (k) and (m) of this Section 6.01 at the time such Permitted Indebtedness or Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, as applicable, is incurred and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Permitted Indebtedness or Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, as applicable, and any Concurrent Transaction, (1) does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (2) no Borrowing Base Deficiency is continuing or would result therefrom, so long as no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Permitted Indebtedness or Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, as applicable; provided that in no event shall the aggregate amount of all such Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness exceed an amount equal to 200,000,000 on or after the Effective Date at any one time outstanding; 
 (c)	Other Permitted Indebtedness; 
 (d)	(i) Indebtedness of the Borrower to or from any other Obligor, (ii) Indebtedness of an Obligor to or from another Obligor or (iii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Obligor to an Excluded Asset to the extent a court determines a transfer of assets (including participations) from such Obligor to such Excluded Asset did not constitute a true sale, provided, that with respect to this clause (iii), the holders of such Indebtedness have recourse only to the assets purported to be transferred (or in the case of participations, the asset(s) purported to be participated) to such Excluded Asset and to no other assets of the Obligors in connection with such Indebtedness; 
 (e)	repurchase obligations arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to U.S. Government Securities; 
 (f)	obligations payable to clearing agencies, brokers or dealers in connection with the purchase or sale of securities in the ordinary course of business; 
 (g)	other Indebtedness (including, without limitation (x) the amortizing portion of any Other Secured Indebtedness in excess of 1 per annum described in clause (i) of the definition thereof and (y) Contingent Secured Indebtedness in excess of the Contingent Secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clause (k) below, provided no Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is continuing at the time of incurrence or would result from the incurrence thereof), in each case, after giving effect to any Concurrent Transaction in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the Additional Debt Amount, at the time it is incurred, and that, taken together with Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (b), (i), (k) and (m) of this Section 6.01 at the time such other Indebtedness is incurred and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such other Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, (1) does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (2) no Borrowing Base Deficiency is continuing or would result therefrom, so long as no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have 
 130 

occurred and be continuing immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such other Indebtedness; 
 (h)	obligations (including Guarantees) in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings; 
 (i)	Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding, that, in each case, taken together with Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (b), (g), (k) and (m) of this Section 6.01 at the time such Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness is incurred and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, (1) does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (2) no Borrowing Base Deficiency is continuing or would result therefrom, so long as no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness; provided that in no event shall the aggregate principal amount of Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness incurred in the first annual period after the Effective Date pursuant to this Section 6.01(i) exceed 200,000,000 or, incurred in any other annual period after the Effective Date pursuant to this Section 6.01(i) exceed 200,000,000; 
 (j)	Permitted SBIC Guarantees and any SBIC Equity Commitment and analogous commitments by such Obligor with respect to any of its SBIC Subsidiaries; 
 (k)	Contingent Secured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 110,000,000 outstanding at any time (in each case, so long as, on the date of incurrence of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) no Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) no Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing), so long as no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness; 
 (l)	obligations arising with respect to Hedging Agreements entered into pursuant to Section 6.04(c); 
 (m)	at any time, additional Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed 10,000,000, so long as, immediately after giving effect to its incurrence and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, taken together with Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (b), (g), (i) and (k) of this Section 6.01, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b), (ii) no Borrowing Base Deficiency is continuing or would result therefrom and (iii) to the extent any such additional Indebtedness constitutes Designated Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness; and 
 131 

(n)	Permitted Advisor Loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 50,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, in the event that an item of proposed Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (m) above, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will be permitted to classify such item of Indebtedness on the date of its incurrence, creation or assumption or later reclassify such item of Indebtedness, in any manner that complies with this Section 6.01, so long as such Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) is permitted to be incurred, created or assumed pursuant to such provision at the time of reclassification and no basket will be double-counted with another basket. 
 
 SECTION 6.02.	 Liens . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: 
 (a)	any Lien on any property or asset of any Obligor existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Part B of Schedule II; provided that (i) no such Lien shall extend to any other property or asset of such Obligor (other than proceeds thereof or accessions, replacements, additions or improvements thereto) and (ii) any such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; 
 (b)	Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents; 
 (c)	Liens on Special Equity Interests included in the Portfolio Investments but only to the extent securing obligations in the manner provided in the definition of Special Equity Interest in Section 1.01; 
 (d)	Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount incurred pursuant to (i) Section 6.01(g) not exceeding the Additional Debt Amount, or (ii) Section 6.01(m) not exceeding 10,000,000 at any one time outstanding, in each case, at the time it is incurred (which may cover Portfolio Investments, but only to the extent released from, or otherwise not covered by, the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) hereof and/or Section 10.03 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement), or, in each case, if designated by the Borrower as Designated Indebtedness under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, may be secured on a pari passu basis by the Lien of the Security Documents, so long as at the time of the granting of such Lien and immediately after giving effect to any Concurrent Transactions, (x) the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (y) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base; 
 (e)	Permitted Liens; 
 132 

(f)	Liens on the direct ownership or economic interests, of any Obligor in an Excluded Asset to secure obligations owed to a creditor (or to such creditor s assignee) of such Excluded Asset; 
 (g)	(i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(e), (f) and (k) and (ii) Liens on Investments, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, participation interests) subject to a repurchase obligation permitted under Section 6.01(g), 6.01(k) or 6.01(m) solely to the extent such Lien only covers such Investments and arises solely from the related repurchase agreement; and 
 (h)	Liens created by posting Cash and Cash Equivalents in connection with Hedging Agreements permitted under Section 6.04(c). 
 SECTION 6.03.	 Fundamental Changes and Dispositions of Assets . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution). The Borrower will not reorganize under the laws of a jurisdiction other than any jurisdiction in the United States. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, acquire any business or property from, or capital stock of, or be a party to any acquisition of, any other Person, except for purchases or acquisitions of Portfolio Investments and other assets in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not in violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any part of its assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, but excluding (w) any transaction permitted under Section 6.05 or 6.12, (x) assets sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of business (including to make expenditures of cash in the normal course of the day to day business activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the use of Cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business) (other than the transfer of Portfolio Investments to Excluded Assets or Immaterial Subsidiaries), (y) subject to the provisions of clause (d) below, the transfer or sale of Portfolio Investments to Excluded Assets or Immaterial Subsidiaries and (z) subject to the provisions of clauses (c), (e) and (i) below, any Obligor s ownership interest in any Excluded Asset or any Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.03: 
 (a)	any Subsidiary Guarantor may merge or consolidate with, or acquire all or any assets of, any other Person (other than the Borrower) so long as, if any such transaction involves a wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor, the wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or such other Person that is the continuing or surviving entity in such transaction becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor and expressly assumes, in writing, all the obligations of a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Loan Documents; 
 (b)	any Obligor may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower; 
 133 

(c)	the ownership or economic interests of any Subsidiary of any Obligor may be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (including by way of consolidation or merger) (i) to the Borrower or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower or (ii) so long as such transaction results in an Obligor receiving the proceeds of such disposition, to any other Person, provided that in the case of this clause (ii) if such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor or holds any Portfolio Investments, immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition and any Concurrent Transactions (A) either (1) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such disposition is not diminished as a result of such disposition to such other Person or (2) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such disposition is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount and (B) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base; provided that sales of the ownership or economic interests of any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset to a Subsidiary that is not an Obligor shall be subject to clause (i) below; 
 (d)	the Obligors may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Portfolio Investments (other than the ownership or economic interests in any Excluded Asset, but which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include, with respect to any asset subject to a repurchase agreement entered into between an Obligor and any other Person, the return of such asset by such other Person to an Excluded Asset instead of such Obligor), to an Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary so long as, immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or disposition and any Concurrent Transactions, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) either (x) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such sale, transfer or disposition is not diminished as a result of such sale, transfer or disposition or (y) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount, provided that, for purposes of this clause (ii) and in connection with the origination of any CLO Security, the Borrowing Base, Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base and the Covered Debt Amount, as applicable, shall be tested as of the pricing date for such CLO Security; 
 (e)	the Borrower may merge or consolidate with, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any other Person so long as (i) the Borrower is the continuing or surviving entity in such transaction and (ii) with respect to any merger, consolidation or acquisition, at the time thereof and, in each case, after giving pro forma effect thereto and any Concurrent Transaction, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (f)	the Borrower or the other Obligors may dissolve or liquidate (i) any Immaterial Subsidiary or (ii) any Subsidiary so long as, with respect to this clause(ii), (a) in connection with such dissolution or liquidation, any and all of the assets of such Subsidiary shall be distributed or otherwise transferred to the Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary Guarantor (or, if such Subsidiary is an Excluded Asset, to another Excluded Asset) and (b) such dissolution or liquidation is not materially adverse to the Lenders and the Borrower determines in good faith that such dissolution or liquidation is in the best interests of the Borrower and such dissolution does not result in any property of any Obligor becoming subject to the satisfaction of any outstanding Indebtedness of such Subsidiary (except as permitted under Section 6.12); 
 134 

(g)	the Borrower and the other Obligors may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of equipment or other property or assets that do not consist of Portfolio Investments so long as the aggregate amount of all such sales, leases, transfer and dispositions does not exceed 25,000,000 in any fiscal year; 
 (h)	any Obligor may transfer assets to an Excluded Asset for the sole purpose of facilitating the transfer of assets (x) from one Excluded Asset (or a Subsidiary that was an Excluded Asset immediately prior to such disposition) to another Excluded Asset, directly or indirectly through such Obligor, as applicable (such assets, the Transferred Assets ); provided that (i) no Event of Default exists and is continuing at such time or would result from any such transfer, (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transfer and any Concurrent Transaction, the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such transfer is not diminished as a result of such transfer, (iii) the Transferred Assets are transferred to such Obligor by the transferor Excluded Asset on the same Business Day that such assets are transferred by such Obligor to the transferee Excluded Asset, and (iv) following such transfer, such Obligor has no liability, actual or contingent, with respect to the Transferred Assets other than Standard Securitization Undertakings and (y) in connection with a Back-to-Back Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, in determining for the purposes of this Agreement whether any Obligor has received Net Asset Sale Proceeds in respect of any transaction involving a Transferred Asset, the transfer of such Transferred Asset to and from such Obligor shall be deemed to be a single transaction; and 
 (i)	the Obligors may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of direct ownership or economic interests in any Excluded Asset to any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor, if immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition, no more than 25 of the Value of all Obligors direct ownership or economic interests in all Excluded Assets (calculated as of the date of the most recently delivered financial statements on or prior to the date of such sale, transfer or other disposition) have been sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to a Subsidiary that is not an Obligor pursuant to this clause (i); provided that, notwithstanding that a transfer may violate such 25 limitation, such transfer shall nevertheless be permitted if it is required by law, rule, regulation or interpretive position of the SEC. 
 To the extent an asset of an Obligor is subject to a repurchase agreement permitted under Section 6.01(g), (k) or (m), and such asset is returned to or acquired by an Excluded Asset, such return or acquisition, as applicable, shall constitute a transfer under, and be subject to the requirements of, Section 6.03(d). 
 
 SECTION 6.04.	 Investments . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, acquire, make or enter into, or hold, any Investments except: 
 (a)	operating deposit accounts and securities accounts with banks; 
 (b)	Investments by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors; 
 135 

(c)	Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligor s business and not for speculative purposes; 
 (d)	Portfolio Investments (other than Credit Default Swaps), and Investments in Excluded Assets, to the extent such Portfolio Investments and/or Excluded Assets are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Borrower s Investment Policies; provided that, if such Portfolio Investment is not included in the Collateral Pool (other than Portfolio Investments or Excluded Assets (but excluding Cash or Cash Equivalents) made or received in connection with or as a result of a workout or restructuring of any Portfolio Investment) and with respect to Investments in Excluded Assets, immediately after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) if cash or other assets are being contributed to or invested (A) in such Portfolio Investment or used to acquire any interest in such Portfolio Investment that is not included in the Collateral Pool or (B) in such Excluded Asset, either (1) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Investment is not diminished as a result of such Investment or (2) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount; 
 (e)	additional Investments up to but not exceeding 10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 
 (f)	Investments in (or capital contribution to) Excluded Assets to the extent permitted by Section 6.03(d) or (h); 
 (g)	Investments in Controlled Foreign Corporations; provided that, if cash or other assets are being contributed or invested in such Controlled Foreign Corporation, at the time of such Investment and immediately after giving effect to any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) either (x) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Investment is not diminished as a result of such Investment or (y) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount; 
 (h)	Investments constituting Credit Default Swaps in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000; 
 (i)	Investments described on Schedule IV hereto; and 
 (j)	Investments in Immaterial Subsidiaries; provided that, if cash or other assets are being contributed or invested in such Immaterial Subsidiary, at the time of such Investment and immediately after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent Transactions, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) either (A) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Investment is not diminished as a result of such Investment or (B) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount. 
 136 

For purposes of this Section 6.04, the aggregate amount of an Investment at any time shall be deemed to be equal to (A) the aggregate amount of cash, together with the aggregate fair market value of property, loaned, advanced, contributed, transferred or otherwise invested that gives rise to such Investment (calculated at the time such Investment is made) minus (B) the aggregate amount of dividends, distributions or other payments received in cash in respect of such Investment; provided that in no event shall the aggregate amount of such Investment be deemed to be less than zero; provided further that the amount of an Investment shall not in any event be reduced by reason of any write-off of such Investment nor increased by any increase in the amount of earnings retained in such Investment or as a result of any other matter (other than any cash or assets contributed by or invested in such Investment). 
 SECTION 6.05.	 Restricted Payments . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that the Borrower may declare and pay: 
 (a)	dividends and distributions in either case in cash or other property (excluding for this purpose the Borrower s common stock) in or with respect to any taxable year (or any calendar year, as relevant) of the Borrower in amounts not to exceed 110 of the higher of (x) the net investment income of the Borrower for the applicable year determined in accordance with GAAP and as specified in the annual financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and (y) the amount that is estimated in good faith by the Borrower to (i) satisfy the minimum distribution requirements imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain the Borrower s eligibility to be taxed as a RIC for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrower s liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) the Borrower s investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (y) the Borrower s net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Borrower s liability for federal excise taxes for such calendar year (or for the previous calendar year) imposed by Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto); 
 (b)	other Restricted Payments so long as on the date of such other Restricted Payment and immediately after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transactions, (A) no Borrowing Base Deficiency exists and the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed 90 of the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base and (B) no Specified Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (c)	dividends with respect to the capital stock of the Borrower to the extent payable in additional shares of the Borrower s common stock; and 
 (d)	any settlement in respect of a conversion feature in any convertible security that may be issued by the Borrower to the extent made through the delivery of common stock (except in the case of interest (which may be payable in cash)). 
 In calculating the amount of Restricted Payments made during any period referred to in paragraph (b) above, any Restricted Payments made by any Designated Subsidiary or any other Excluded Asset that is a Subsidiary during such period (other than any such Restricted 
 137 

Payments that are made directly or indirectly to Obligors) shall be treated as Restricted Payments made by the Borrower during such period. 
 Nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit the payment of Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower to (i) the Borrower or to any other Subsidiary Guarantor or (ii) on a pro rata basis, any class of its equityholders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not declare any dividend to the extent such declaration violates the provisions of the Investment Company Act applicable to it and the determination of the amounts referred to in paragraph (a) above shall be made separately for the taxable year and the calendar year and the limitation on dividends or distributions imposed by such paragraph shall apply separately to the amounts so determined. 
 SECTION 6.06.	 Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries . The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiaries, in each case, with respect to its assets) to enter into or suffer to exist any indenture, agreement, instrument or other arrangement (other than (i) the Loan Documents, (ii) any indenture, agreement, instrument or other arrangement entered into in connection with Indebtedness permitted hereby to the extent any such indenture, agreement, instrument or other arrangement does not prohibit, in each case in any material respect, or impose materially adverse conditions upon, the requirements applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiaries) under the Loan Documents or (iii) any agreement, instrument or other arrangement pertaining to any lease, sale or other disposition of any asset permitted by this Agreement so long as the applicable restrictions (A) only apply to such assets and (B) do not restrict prior to the consummation of such sale or disposition the creation or existence of the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents or otherwise required by this Agreement, or the incurrence or payment of Indebtedness under this Agreement or the ability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiaries) to perform any other obligation under any of the Loan Documents) that prohibits or restrains, in each case in any material respect, or imposes materially adverse conditions upon, the incurrence or payment of Indebtedness, the granting of Liens, the declaration or payment of dividends, the making of loans, advances, guarantees or Investments or the sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of property. 
 SECTION 6.07.	 Certain Financial Covenants . 
 (a)	 Minimum Shareholders Equity . The Borrower will not permit its Shareholders Equity at the last day of any fiscal quarter to be less than the greater of (i) 65,000,000 and (ii) an amount equal to the sum of (a) 65,000,000 plus (b) 65 of the net cash proceeds of the sale of equity interests of the Borrower after the Effective Date (other than proceeds of any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan) for each such sale that occurs at any time when Shareholders Equity is less than 750,000,000 plus (c) at any time when Shareholders Equity is greater than or equal to 750,000,000, (1) 25 of the net cash proceeds of the sale of equity interests of the Borrower after the Effective Date (other than proceeds of any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan) minus (2) the sum of (A) 25 of the aggregate amount paid or distributed by the Borrower to purchase its shares of common stock in connection with tender offers after the Effective 
 138 

Date plus (B) 25 of the sum of the Redemption Amount for each quarterly period since the Effective Date. 
 (b)	 Asset Coverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit the Asset Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.50 to 1 at any time. 
 SECTION 6.08.	 Transactions with Affiliates . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligor to enter into any transactions with any of its Affiliates, even if otherwise permitted under this Agreement, except (a) transactions in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable in any material respect to the Borrower or such other Obligor, as applicable, than could reasonably be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and any other Obligor not involving any other Affiliate, (c) transactions and documents governing transactions permitted under Sections 6.03, 6.04 and 6.05, (d) the Affiliate Agreements and the transactions provided in the Affiliate Agreements (as such agreements are amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in a manner not materially adverse to the Lenders), (e) transactions described or referenced on Schedule V, (f) any Investment that results in the creation of an Affiliate, (g) transactions with one or more Affiliates (including co-investments) as permitted by any SEC exemptive order (as may be amended from time to time), exemptive rule or any no-action letter, (h) any co-investment transaction to the extent not in violation of applicable law, (i) the payment of compensation and reimbursement of expenses and indemnification to officers and directors in the ordinary course of business, (j) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated herein and therein, (k) transactions between or among the Obligors and any Excluded Asset (i) at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable in any material respect to the Obligors than could reasonably be obtained at the time on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (ii) arising from, in connection with or related to Standard Securitization Undertakings and (iii) arising from, in connection with or related to Back-to-Back Transactions, (l) transactions approved by a majority of the independent members of the board of trustees of the Borrower or (m) any Permitted Advisor Loan. 
 SECTION 6.09.	 Lines of Business . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business in a manner that would violate the Borrower s Investment Policies in any material respect. 
 SECTION 6.10.	 No Further Negative Pledge . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligor to, enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which prohibits or limits in any material respect the ability of such Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its properties, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following: (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 (including covenants with respect to Designated Indebtedness Obligations or Designated Indebtedness Holders under (and in each case, as defined in) the Guarantee and Security Agreement) prohibiting further Liens on the assets encumbered thereby; (c) customary restrictions contained in leases not subject to a waiver; (d) any agreement with a financier to an Excluded Asset that imposes such restrictions only on ownership and economic interests in such Excluded Asset; (e) 
 139 

the underlying governing agreements of any minority Equity Interest that impose such restrictions only on such Equity Interest; (f) any other agreement that does not restrict in any manner (directly or indirectly) Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents on any Collateral securing the Secured Obligations and does not require (other than pursuant to a grant of a Lien under the Loan Documents) the direct or indirect granting of any Lien securing any Indebtedness or other obligation by virtue of the granting of Liens on or pledge of property of such Obligor to secure the Loans, or any Hedging Agreement and (g) any such agreement that imposes restrictions on Liens in joint venture investments (solely to the extent such restrictions relate to joint venture investments). 
 SECTION 6.11.	 Modifications of Certain Documents . The Borrower will not consent to any modification, supplement or waiver of: 
 (a)	any of the provisions of any agreement, instrument or other document evidencing or relating to any Permitted Indebtedness, any Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness or any Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness that would result in such Indebtedness not meeting the requirements of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness , Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness , as applicable, set forth in Section 1.01 of this Agreement, in each case, unless following such amendment, modification or waiver, such Indebtedness would be permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 if newly incurred as of such date; or 
 (b)	any of the Affiliate Agreements or the Custodian Agreements, unless such modification, supplement or waiver is not materially less favorable to the Borrower than could be obtained on an arm s length basis from unrelated third parties. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, without the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, freely amend, restate, terminate, or otherwise modify any documents, instruments and agreements evidencing, securing or relating to Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(d), including increases in the principal amount thereof, modifications to the advance rates and/or modifications to the interest rate, fees or other pricing terms so long as following any such action such Indebtedness continues to be permitted under Section 6.01(d). 
 SECTION 6.12.	 Payments of Other Indebtedness . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value, or set apart any money for a sinking, defeasance or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of, or make any voluntary payment or prepayment of the principal of or interest on, or any other amount owing in respect of, any Permitted Indebtedness, any Special Longer-Term Unsecured Indebtedness, any Shorter-Term Unsecured Indebtedness or any Indebtedness that is not then included in the Covered Debt Amount (other than (x) payments and prepayments of Contingent Secured Indebtedness and (y) the refinancing of such Indebtedness with Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as incurred by an Excluded Asset or other Subsidiary) or with the proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), except for: 
 140 

(a)	regularly scheduled payments, prepayments or redemptions of principal and interest in respect thereof required pursuant to the instruments evidencing such Indebtedness and the payment when due of the types of fees and expenses that are customarily paid in connection with such Indebtedness (it being understood that: (i) the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under convertible notes; (ii) the triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests; (iii) any cash payment on account of interest or expenses or fractional shares on such convertible notes in respect of such triggering and/or settlement thereof, and (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment provisions required by the terms thereof, shall be permitted under this clause (a)); 
 (b)	payments and prepayments thereof required to comply with requirements of Section 2.10(c) or 2.10(d); 
 (c)	other payments and prepayments (other than any payment or prepayment of any Permitted Advisor Loan) so long as, if such payment or prepayment, as applicable, were treated as a Restricted Payment for the purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.05(b), such payment or prepayment, as applicable would be permitted to be made under Section 6.05(b); and 
 (d)	any payments and prepayments with respect to any Permitted Advisor Loan so long as, (i) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such payment or prepayment, as applicable, and any Concurrent Transactions, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such payment or prepayment, as applicable, is at least 115 of the Covered Debt Amount; 
 provided that, in no event shall any Obligor be permitted to prepay or settle (whether as a result of a mandatory redemption, conversion or otherwise) any such Indebtedness, if immediately after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transactions, the Covered Debt Amount would exceed the Borrowing Base; provided further that, no Obligor shall be permitted to give any notice of prepayment or redemption to any holders of Indebtedness not included in the Covered Debt Amount, if at the time of the giving of such notice, the inclusion of such Indebtedness in the Covered Debt Amount, after giving effect to any Concurrent Transactions, would result in a Borrowing Base Deficiency. 
 Article VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Until the Facility Termination Date, any of the following events Events of Default shall occur and be continuing: 
 (a)	the Borrower shall (i) fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise or (ii) fail to deposit any amount into the Letter of 
 141 

Credit Collateral Account as required by Section 2.09(a) on the Commitment Termination Date; 
 (b)	the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article VII) payable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue, unremedied (i) in the case of any interest on any Loan, LC Disbursement or any scheduled fee, for a period of five or more Business Days and (ii) in the case of any other amount, for a period of ten or more Business Days following delivery of notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; 
 (c)	any representation or warranty made (or deemed made pursuant to Section 4.02) by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, shall prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made in any material respect and such failure, if capable of cure, shall continue unremedied for a period of ten (10) Business Days after the earlier of notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower and the Borrower s actual knowledge thereof; provided that, the Borrower may cure any Default or Event of Default arising solely from the delivery of any certificate or report with an inaccuracy, by delivering within three (3) Business Days of knowledge by the Borrower thereof a corrected certificate or report so long as (i) any Borrowing, sale, disposition or other action of the Borrower or any other Obligor that was taken in reliance on such certificate or report containing such inaccuracy would have also been permitted hereunder if such Borrowing, sale, disposition or other action had been taken in reliance on the corrected certificate or report and (ii) the Borrower did not have knowledge of such inaccuracy at the time such certificate or report that included such inaccuracy was delivered; 
 (d)	the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in (i) Section 5.03 (with respect to the Borrower s existence), Sections 5.08(a) and (b), Section 5.09 (solely with respect to a violation of applicable Sanctions), or in Article VI or any Obligor shall default in the performance of any of its obligations contained in Section 7 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, or (ii) Sections 5.01(d) and (e), or Section 5.02 and such failure, in the case of this clause (ii), shall continue unremedied for a period of five or more Business Days after notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower; provided that to the extent failure of an Obligor to Deliver (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) any particular Investment to the extent required by Section 7 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement would not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 7.01(p) (assuming such investments were included in the Collateral Pool), such failure to Deliver shall not constitute a Default under this clause (d); 
 142 

(e)	a Borrowing Base Deficiency shall occur and continue unremedied for a period of five or more Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency pursuant to Section 5.01(e); provided that it shall not be a Specified Default or an Event of Default hereunder if the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within 30 Business Days (which 30-Business Day period shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), so long as such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30-Business Day period; provided further, such 30-Business Day period shall be extended to a 45-Business Day period solely to the extent as provided in Section 2.10(c) in order to cure any failure to satisfy the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant; 
 (f)	the Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b), (d) or (e) of this Article VII) or any other Loan Document and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 or more days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower; 
 (g)	the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable, taking into account (other than with respect to payments of principal) any applicable grace or cure period; 
 (h)	any event or condition occurs that (i) results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (ii) shall continue unremedied for any applicable period of time sufficient to enable or permit the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to, as a result of an event of default under such Material Indebtedness, cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (for the avoidance of doubt, in each case, other than as permitted under Section 6.12 and that is not a result of a breach, default or other violation or failure in respect of such Material Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure period), provided that this clause (h) shall not apply (1) to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (2) to convertible debt that becomes due as a result of a conversion or redemption event, other than as a result of an event of default (as defined in the documents governing such convertible Material Indebtedness), (3) to any Indebtedness of a Designated Subsidiary that becomes due in part as a result of a breach of an overcollateralization test or borrowing base deficiency, or a customary change of control put right in any indenture or (4) in the case of clause (h)(ii), to any Indebtedness of a Designated Subsidiary (x) to the extent the event or condition giving rise to the circumstances in clause (h)(ii) was not a payment or insolvency default or (y) so long as all Commitments have not been terminated and the Loans have not been declared due and payable in full, such event or condition is no longer continuing or has been waived in accordance with the terms of such Material Indebtedness such that the holder or holders thereof or any trustee or agent 
 143 

on its or their behalf are no longer enabled or permitted to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; 
 (i)	an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 or more days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 
 (j)	the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) of this Article VII, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 
 (k)	the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 (l)	one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) or any combination thereof and (i) if not covered by insurance, the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days following the entry of such judgment during which 30 day period such judgment shall not have been vacated, stayed, discharged or bonded pending appeal, or (ii) any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to enforce any such judgment; 
 (m)	an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 144 

(n)	a Change in Control shall occur; 
 (o)	Fidelity Diversifying Solutions LLC FDS LLC ), or any Affiliate of FDS LLC that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America and in the business of managing or advising clients that replaces FDS LLC (or any such permitted successor) (FDS LLC or such Affiliate, the Fidelity Advisor shall cease to be the investment advisor for the Borrower; 
 (p)	the Liens created by the Security Documents shall, at any time with respect to Portfolio Investments included in the Collateral Pool having an aggregate Value in excess of 5 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Collateral Pool, not be valid and perfected (to the extent perfection by filing, registration, recordation, possession or control is required herein or therein) in favor of the Collateral Agent, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02 or under the respective Security Documents); provided that if such default is as a result of any action of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or a failure of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to take any action within its control, then there shall be no Default or Event of Default hereunder unless such default shall continue unremedied for a period of ten (10) consecutive Business Days after the Borrower receives written notice of such default thereof from the Administrative Agent unless the continuance thereof is a result of a failure of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to take an action within their control ; 
 (q)	except for expiration or termination in accordance with its terms, any of the Security Documents, taken as a whole, shall for whatever reason be terminated or cease to be in full force and effect in any material respect, or the enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Obligor; 
 (r)	any Obligor shall at any time, without the consent of the Required Lenders, (i) modify, supplement or waive in any material and adverse respect the Investment Policies or the Valuation Policy (in each case, other than any Permitted Policy and Valuation Amendment and, for the avoidance of doubt, no modification, supplement or waiver of the Investment Policies or Valuation Policies, as applicable, shall be deemed adverse if the effect of such modification, supplement or waiver is that the permitted investment size proportionately increases as the size of the Borrower s capital base changes), (ii) except as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, fail to comply with the Valuation Policy in any material respect, or (iii) fail to comply with the Investment Policies if such failure would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (r), such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 or more days after the earlier of written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower or knowledge thereof by a Financial Officer of the Borrower; 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) 
 145 

terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 In the event that the Loans shall be declared, or shall become, due and payable pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph then, upon notice from the Administrative Agent or Lenders with LC Exposure representing more than 50 of the total LC Exposure of a Class demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account cash in an amount equal to 102 of the LC Exposure of such Class as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII. 
 Article VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as the collateral agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Collateral Agent to have all the rights and benefits hereunder and thereunder (including Section 9 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement), and to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, make investments in and generally engage in any kind of business trust or other business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and such Person and its Affiliates may accept fees and 
 146 

other consideration from the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof for services in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having to account for the same to the other Lenders. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein or therein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any e-mail, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related 
 147 

Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent may resign by providing not less than thirty (30) days advance written notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld (or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in consultation with the Borrower), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nonetheless become effective at the end of such thirty (30) day period, except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) the Required Lenders shall perform the duties of the Administrative Agent (and all payments and communications provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly) until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this paragraph). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own analysis and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02(b) with respect to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders (but not otherwise), consent to any modification, supplement or waiver under any of the Loan Documents; provided that, without the prior consent of each Lender, the Administrative Agent shall not (except as provided herein or in the Security Documents) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under any Security Document providing for collateral security, agree to additional obligations being secured by all 
 148 

or substantially all of such collateral security (except in connection with securing additional obligations equally and ratably with the Loans and other obligations hereunder in accordance with the Guarantee and Security Agreement) , or alter or subordinate the relative priorities of the obligations entitled to the benefits of the Liens created under the Security Documents with respect to all or substantially all of the Collateral, except that no such consent shall be required, and the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, to (1) release (which such release shall be automatic and require no further action from any party) any Lien covering property that is the subject of either a disposition of property permitted hereunder or a disposition to which the Required Lenders have consented, (2) release from any Guarantee and Security Agreement any Subsidiary Guarantor (and any property of such Subsidiary Guarantor) that is designated as a Designated Subsidiary by the Borrower or becomes an Excluded Asset or an Immaterial Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement or which is no longer required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor , so long as in the case of this clause (2): (A) immediately after giving effect to any such release and any Concurrent Transactions, the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and the Borrower delivers a certificate of a Financial Officer to such effect to the Administrative Agent, (B) either, immediately after giving effect to any Concurrent Transactions, (I) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such release is not diminished as a result of such release or (II) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such release is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount and (C) no Specified Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (3) spread Liens to any Designated Indebtedness or Hedging Agreement Obligations (as such terms are defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) in accordance with the Guarantee and Security Agreement and (4) release from any Guarantee and Security Agreement any Obligor (and any property of such Obligor) that is concurrently being joined as an Obligor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement in connection with a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 None of the Lead Arrangers shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Bank), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with 
 149 

respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to the foregoing shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 The Borrower and each other Obligor hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Obligor; provided that this paragraph shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Secured Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Secured Obligations that would have been payable had such erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Obligor for the purpose of making any payment hereunder. 
 Each party s obligations pursuant to the foregoing shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, an Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and any Lender agree that the obligations assumed by any Obligor hereunder shall be limited in all cases to such Obligor and its assets and none of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective agents or assigns shall seek satisfaction of any such obligation from the officers, agents, employees, directors, trustees, managers, members, shareholders or partners of any such Obligor. 
 150 

Article IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 9.01.	 Notices; Electronic Communications 
 (a)	 Notices Generally . All notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or electronic communication (to the extent permitted by Section 9.01(b)), as follows: 
 (i)	if to the Borrower, to 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 245 Summer Street 
 Boston, MA 02210 
 
 and 
 
 233 S. Wacker Drive 
 Suite 8300 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 
 Attn: Therese Icuss, Robert Gannon Vishal Sheth 
 Telephone: 312-434-8822; 617-694-0113; 917-215-9632 
 Email: therese.icuss@fmr.com; robert.gannon@fmr.com; vishal.sheth@fmr.com 
 with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to: 
 
 Dechert LLP 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, New York 10036 
 Attention of Jay R. Alicandri 
 Telephone No. (212) 698-3800 
 E-mail: jay.alicandri@dechert.com 
 
 (ii)	if to the Administrative Agent or JPMCB in its capacity as Swingline Lender, to 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 500 Stanton Christiana Rd., NCC5 / 1st Floor Newark, DE 19713 Attention: Thomas Trullinger Tel: (267) 809-0661 Email: thomas.trullinger@chase.com Attention: Christopher Draper Email: christopher.draper@chase.com 
 151 

For Swingline Loans denominated in Euros or Sterling: 
 Email: european.loan.operations@jpmorgan.com 
 
 For Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries: Email: agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com For Compliance/Financials/Intralinks: Email: covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com 
 (iii)	if to JPMCB in its capacity as Issuing Bank: 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10420 Highland Manor Dr. 4th Floor Tampa, FL 33610 Attention: Standby LC Unit Tel: 800-364-1969 Fax: 856-294-5267 Email: GTS.Client.Services@jpmchase.com 
 	 
 With a copy to: 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 500 Stanton Christiana Rd., NCC5 / 1st Floor Newark, DE 19713 Attention: Thomas Trullinger Tel: (267) 809-0661 Email: thomas.trullinger@chase.com Attention: Christopher Draper Email: christopher.draper@chase.com 
 (iv)	If to the Collateral Agent: 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. CIB DMO WLO Mail code NY1-C413 4 CMC, Brooklyn, NY, 11245-0001 United States Email: ib.collateral.services@jpmchase.com 
 (v)	if to any Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender or other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number or e-mail) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Any party hereto may change its address, telecopy number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other 
 152 

communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b)	 Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the Borrower may satisfy its obligations to deliver documents or notices to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under Sections 5.01 and 5.02 by delivering an electronic copy to: kevin.c.campbell@chase.com and gina.yant@chase.com, or such other e-mail address(es) as provided to the Borrower in a notice from the Administrative Agent, (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly provide notice thereof to the Lenders). 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender have any liability to the Borrower or any other Person for damages of any kind (whether in tort contract or otherwise) arising out of any transmission of communications through the internet, except in the case of direct damages, to the extent such damages are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such relevant Person. 
 (c)	 Documents to be Delivered under Sections 5.01 and 5.02 . For so long as an Intralinks or equivalent website is available to each of the Lenders hereunder, the Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver documents to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under Sections 5.01 and 5.02 by delivering either an electronic copy in the manner specified in Section 9.01(b) or a notice identifying the website where such information is located for posting by the Administrative Agent on Intralinks or such equivalent website; provided that the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility to maintain access to Intralinks or an equivalent website. 
 153 

SECTION 9.02.	 Waivers; Amendments . 
 (a)	 No Deemed Waivers; Remedies Cumulative . No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.02, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b)	 Amendments to this Agreement . Subject to Sections 2.15(b), (c) and (d) and Section 9.02(e) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, no such agreement shall: 
 (i)	increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, 
 (ii)	reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than with respect to the election of or the failure to elect the default rate in accordance with Section 2.12(d)), or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, 
 (iii)	postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, 
 (iv)	change Section 2.18(b), (c) or (d) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly adversely affected thereby, 
 (v)	change any of the provisions of this Section 9.02 (b) or the definition of the term Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, 
 154 

(vi)	other than as permitted by this Agreement, the Guarantee and Security Agreement or any other applicable Loan Document, release or subordinate all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Lien created under the Guarantee and Security Agreement or release all or substantially all of the Obligors from their obligations as Subsidiary Guarantors thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, or 
 (vii)	amend the definition of Applicable Percentage , Applicable Dollar Percentage or Applicable Multicurrency Percentage , without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
 provided further that (x) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be and (y) the consent of Lenders holding not less than two-thirds of the holders of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments will be required (A) for any adverse change (from the Lenders perspective) affecting the provisions of this Agreement solely relating to the calculation of the Borrowing Base (excluding changes to the provisions of Section 5.12(b)(iii) or (iv), but including changes to the provisions of Section 5.12(c) and the definitions set forth in Section 5.13) unless otherwise expressly provided herein and (B) for any release of Collateral other than for fair value or as otherwise permitted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. 
 For purposes of this Section 9.02, the scheduled date of payment of any amount shall refer to the date of payment of such amount specified in this Agreement, and shall not refer to a date or other event specified for the mandatory or optional prepayment of such amount. In addition, whenever a waiver, amendment or modification requires the consent of a Lender affected thereby, such waiver, amendment or modification shall, upon consent of such Lender, become effective as to such Lender whether or not it becomes effective as to any other Lender, so long as the Required Lenders consent to such waiver, amendment or modification as provided above. 
 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders of any Class in a manner that does not affect all Classes equally shall be effective against the Lenders of such Class unless the Required Lenders of such Class shall have concurred with such waiver, amendment or modification as provided above; provided , however , in no other circumstances shall the concurrence of the Required Lenders of a particular Class be required for any waiver, amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (c)	 Amendments to Security Documents . Except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in the Guarantee and Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents, no Security Document nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified, nor may the Liens granted under the Guarantee and Security Agreement be spread to secure any additional obligations (excluding (x) any increase in the Loans and Letters of Credit hereunder pursuant to a Commitment Increase under Section 2.08(e), (y) any increase in any Other Secured Indebtedness permitted hereunder and (z) the spreading of such Liens to any Designated 
 155 

Indebtedness or Hedging Agreement Obligations (as such terms are defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) as provided for in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, except as otherwise expressly permitted by the Loan Documents, (i) without the written consent of each Lender, no such agreement shall release all or substantially all of the Obligors from their respective obligations under the Security Documents and (ii) without the written consent of each Lender, no such agreement shall release all or substantially all of the collateral security or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under the Security Documents, alter the relative priorities of the obligations entitled to the Liens created under the Security Documents (except in connection with securing additional obligations equally and ratably with the Loans and other obligations hereunder) with respect to all or substantially all of the collateral security provided thereby, or release all or substantially all of the guarantors under the Guarantee and Security Agreement from their guarantee obligations thereunder, except that, in each case described in clause (i) or (ii), no such consent shall be required, and the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized (and so agrees with the Borrower) to direct the Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement (in addition to the rights of such parties under the Guarantee and Security Agreement), to and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may, (1) release any Lien covering property (and to release any such guarantor) that is the subject of either a disposition of property (including, without limitation, any property subject to a participation or repurchase transaction or in connection with the origination of any CLO Security or any Back-to-Back Transaction) permitted hereunder or a disposition to which the Required Lenders or the required number or percentage of Lenders have consented (and such Lien shall be released automatically to the extent provided in the Guarantee and Security Agreement, which includes the automatic release of any Lien covering Collateral that is the subject of a disposition to a Person that is not an Obligor in a transaction not prohibited under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any asset subject to a participation interest or repurchase transaction not prohibited hereunder) and each then extant Designated Indebtedness Document), (2) release from the Guarantee and Security Agreement any Subsidiary Guarantor (and any property of such Subsidiary Guarantor) that is designated as a Designated Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Asset or an Immaterial Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement or is otherwise no longer required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor (including, without limitation, because it ceases to be consolidated on the Borrower s financial statements), in each case pursuant to a transaction permitted hereunder, so long as (A) immediately after giving effect to any such release under this clause (2) and any Concurrent Transactions, the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and the Borrower delivers a certificate of a Financial Officer to such effect to the Administrative Agent, (B) immediately after giving effect to any Concurrent Transactions, either (I) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such release is not diminished as a result of such release or (II) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base, immediately after giving effect to such release is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount and (C) no Specified Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 (d)	 Replacement of Non-Consenting Lender . If, in connection with any proposed change, waiver, amendment, consent, discharge or termination to any of the provisions of this Agreement requiring (i) the consent of each Lender or each Lender affected thereby or (ii) the consent of two-thirds of the holders of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the consent of one or 
 156 

more Lenders whose consent is required for such proposed change, waiver, amendment, consent, discharge or termination is not obtained, then (so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing) the Borrower shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to replace each such non-consenting Lender or Lenders with one or more replacement Lenders pursuant to Section 2.20(b) so long as at the time of such replacement, each such replacement Lender consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge, termination or addition. 
 (e)	If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment, modification or supplement shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 9.03.	 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 
 (a)	 Costs and Expenses . Subject to any limitation previously agreed in writing, the Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (with respect to legal fees, limited to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates collectively plus, if necessary, one single local counsel per appropriate jurisdiction) in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (with respect to legal fees, limited to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel plus, if necessary, one local counsel per appropriate jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual conflict of interest where the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, another firm of counsel for any such affected Person) for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender collectively), in connection with the enforcement or protection of such Person s respective rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 9.03, or in connection with the Loans or Letters of Credit, including all such documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect thereof and (iv) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, expenses, taxes, assessments and other charges incurred in connection with any filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by any Security Document or any other document referred to therein limited in the case of legal expenses to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Collateral Agent . For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not be responsible for the reimbursement of any costs, 
 157 

fees or expenses of the Independent Valuation Provider incurred pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(iv) in excess of the IVP Supplemental Cap. 
 (b)	 Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Lead Arrangers and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (with respect to legal fees, limited to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel plus, if necessary, one local counsel per appropriate jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual conflict of interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, another firm of counsel for any such affected Indemnitee) for the Indemnitees collectively (other than the allocated costs of internal counsel)), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder owed by or to or otherwise arising with respect to the Borrower or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby or pursuant to any other Loan Document, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (A) the fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee, (B) the material breach of such Indemnitee s obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (C) a claim arising as a result of a dispute between Indemnitees (other than (x) any dispute involving claims against the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Lead Arrangers or any Lender, in each case in their respective capacities as such, and (y) claims arising out of any act or omission by the Borrower or its Affiliates). This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c)	 Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.03, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 
 (d)	 Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc . To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party (or any Related Party to such party), on any theory of liability, for 
 158 

special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof, provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Borrower s indemnification obligations under Section 9.03 to the extent such special, indirect consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which any Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification thereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Lead Arrangers and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; except to the extent caused by fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank, Lead Arrangers and Lender, or Related Party, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e)	 Payments . All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 9.04.	 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a)	 Assignments Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 9.04 (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Lender which is not in accordance with this Section 9.04 shall be treated as provided in the last sentence of Section 9.04(b)(iii)). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Assignments by Lenders . 
 (i)	 Assignments Generally . Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (other than natural persons (or holding companies, investment vehicles or trusts for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of natural persons)) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans and LC Exposure at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 
 159 

(A)	the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (except that so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII is continuing, the Borrower shall have a consent right over any assignment to a Disqualified Lender), any other assignee; provided, further, that the Borrower s consent will be deemed given with respect to a proposed assignment if no response is received within five (5) Business Days after having received a written request from the applicable Lender; and 
 (B)	the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks holding LC Commitments of the same Class as the Commitment, Loans and LC Exposure being transferred. 
 (ii)	 Certain Conditions to Assignments . Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 
 (A)	except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans and LC Exposure of a Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans and LC Exposure of such Class of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than U.S. 5,000,000 unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing; 
 (B)	each partial assignment of any Class of Commitments or Loans and LC Exposure shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of such Class of Commitments, Loans and LC Exposure; 
 (C)	the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of U.S. 3,500 (which fee shall not be payable in connection with an assignment to a Lender or to an Affiliate of a Lender) (for which no Obligor shall be obligated); and 
 (D)	the assignee, if it shall not already be a Lender of the applicable Class, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (iii)	 Effectiveness of Assignments . Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 9.04, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be 
 160 

released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section 9.04. 
 (c)	 Maintenance of Register by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York City a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Registers shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Registers pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Registers shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Administrative Agent agrees to provide the Borrower with official copies of the Register upon reasonable request. 
 (d)	 Acceptance of Assignments by Administrative Agent . Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph (d). 
 (e)	 Participations . Any Lender, with notice to the Borrower, may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities other than a Disqualified Lender (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iv) no consent of the Borrower shall be required (except that so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII is continuing, the Borrower shall have a consent right over any participation to a Disqualified Lender). Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other 
 161 

Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (f) of this Section 9.04, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(e), (f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under these paragraphs shall be delivered to the participating Lender)). Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.20 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender; provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender hereunder. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register and shall not have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or Section 1.163-5(b) of the proposed United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
 (f)	 Limitations on Rights of Participants . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.17 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.17 as though it were a Lender and in the case of a Participant claiming exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, the applicable Lender shall provide the Borrower with satisfactory evidence that the participation is in registered form and shall permit the Borrower to review such register as reasonably needed for the Borrower to comply with its obligations under applicable laws and regulations. 
 (g)	 Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any such pledge or assignment to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.04 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a 
 162 

security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (h)	 No Assignments or Participations to Natural Persons, the Borrower or Affiliates or Certain Other Persons . Anything in this Section 9.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender may (i) assign or participate any interest in any Loan or LC Exposure held by it hereunder to any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned by and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person) or to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, Designated Subsidiaries) without the prior consent of each Lender or (ii) assign any interest in any Commitment, Loan or LC Exposure held by it hereunder to any Person known by such Lender at the time of such assignment to be a Defaulting Lender, a Subsidiary of a Defaulting Lender or a Person who, upon consummation of such assignment would be a Defaulting Lender. 
 (i)	 Multicurrency Lenders . Any assignment by a Multicurrency Lender, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, must be to a Person that is able to fund and receive payments on account of each outstanding Agreed Foreign Currency at such time without the need to obtain any authorization from the central bank or other Governmental Authority in the country of issue of such Foreign Currency. 
 (j)	 Certain Matters Relating to Disqualified Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender is a Disqualified Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender. The list of Disqualified Lenders will be made available by the Administrative Agent to any Lender, Participant or potential Lender or participant upon request. 
 SECTION 9.05.	 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 163 

SECTION 9.06.	 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . 
 (a)	 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract between and among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopy or e-mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation any Assignment and Assumption, amendments or other Borrowing Requests, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures (including, for the avoidance of doubt, electronic signatures utilizing the DocuSign platform) or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 9.07.	 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08.	 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever Currency) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document held by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured, or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or 
 164 

obligated on such Indebtedness of the Borrower. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section 9.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Affiliate may have; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender exercises any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off will be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.19 and, pending such payment, will be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders and (b) the Defaulting Lender will provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided further , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
 SECTION 9.09.	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
 (a)	 Governing Law . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b)	 Submission to Jurisdiction . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c)	 Waiver of Venue . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.09. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d)	 Service of Process . Each party to this Agreement (i) irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01 and (ii) agrees to the extent permitted by applicable law that service as provided in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01 is sufficient to confer personal jurisdiction over such party in any proceeding in any court and otherwise constitutes effective and binding service in every respect. Nothing in this 
 165 

Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10.	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.11.	 Judgment Currency . This is an international loan transaction in which the specification of Dollars or any Foreign Currency, as the case may be (the Specified Currency ), and payment in New York City or the country of the Specified Currency, as the case may be (the Specified Place ), is of the essence, and the Specified Currency shall be the currency of account in all events relating to Loans denominated in the Specified Currency. The payment obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement shall not be discharged or satisfied by an amount paid in another currency or in another place, whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, to the extent that the amount so paid on conversion to the Specified Currency and transfer to the Specified Place under normal banking procedures does not yield the amount of the Specified Currency at the Specified Place due hereunder. If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in the Specified Currency into another currency (the Second Currency ), the rate of exchange that shall be applied shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the Specified Currency with the Second Currency on the Business Day next preceding the day on which such judgment is rendered. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in this Section 9.11 called an Entitled Person shall, notwithstanding the rate of exchange actually applied in rendering such judgment, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Entitled Person of any sum adjudged to be due from the Borrower hereunder in the Second Currency such Entitled Person may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase and transfer to the Specified Place the Specified Currency with the amount of the Second Currency so adjudged to be due; and the Borrower hereby, and as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify such Entitled Person against, and to pay such Entitled Person on demand, in the Specified Currency, the amount (if any) by which the sum originally due from the Borrower to such Entitled Person in the Specified Currency hereunder exceeds the amount of the Specified Currency so purchased and transferred. 
 SECTION 9.12.	 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and 
 166 

shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. None of the Lead Arrangers shall have any responsibility under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.13.	 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . 
 (a)	 Treatment of Certain Information . The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of such Lender and the Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such subsidiary or affiliate, it being understood that any such subsidiary or affiliate receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.13 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 (b)	 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, each Issuing Bank and each Lender agrees to keep confidential all Information (as defined below); provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender from disclosing any such Information (a) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender or any Affiliate thereof that has been informed of the confidential nature of such information and advised of its obligation to keep information of this type confidential, (b) subject to an agreement to comply with the provisions of this Section, to any actual or prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement that has been approved by the Borrower (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) to the extent the Borrower s consent to an assignment in or participation acquired by such Person is required pursuant to Section 9.04(b) or (e), as applicable; provided that, such Person would be permitted to be an assignee or Participant pursuant to the terms hereof and (except with the prior written consent of the Borrower) such Person is not a Disqualified Lender, (c) to its employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors or those of any of its Affiliates who are informed of the confidential nature of such information and advised of their obligation to keep information of this type confidential (collectively, Representatives ), (d) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority, (e) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (provided that, it will use its reasonable efforts to notify the Borrower in writing of any such disclosure prior to making such disclosure to the extent permitted by applicable law, rule or regulation and will use reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment of such information and will cooperate with the Borrower, at the Borrower s expense, to the extent the Borrower may reasonably request in seeking to resist or limit such disclosure), (f) if requested or required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (g) that has been publicly disclosed, (h) to any self-regulatory authority, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization that requires access to information about a Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender; provided that the disclosure of any such information to any such organization or agency referred to above shall 
 167 

be made subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such organization or agency that such information is being disseminated on a confidential basis in accordance with customary market standards for dissemination of such type of information, (i) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (j) to any other party to this Agreement, (k) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any direct or indirect or prospective counterparty to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Transactions (or any professional advisor to such counterparty), (l) to any nationally recognized rating agency, (m) that becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any of their respective branches or Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower who did not acquire such information as a result of a breach of this Section or a breach of any other confidentiality obligations to the Borrower that is known by such disclosing party to be a breach of such other confidentiality obligations or (n) if agreed by the Borrower in its sole discretion, to any other Person. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Fidelity Advisor, Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses or any portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments and including the Value of such Portfolio Investments), whether made orally, in writing, or by any other means whether tangible, intangible, electronic or observational, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Fidelity Advisor, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than as a result of a disclosure in breach of this Agreement. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.13(b) shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In addition, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and each Lender may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to any market data collector or similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in connection with the administration or servicing of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 
 No Lender shall, without first obtaining the Borrower s express written consent: (x) use or permit the use of any Information for any purpose whatsoever except for the specific purposes of performing under this Agreement (other than as expressly provided in this Section 9.13); (y) disclose or permit the disclosure of any Information to any person or entity other than as specified above; and (z) disclose any Information to any other client (except to the extent permitted above) or Affiliate of such Lender or any Disqualified Lender. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by its Representatives or its Affiliates. 
 The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, each Issuing Bank or each Lender acknowledges that improper disclosure of Information may irreparably harm the Borrower. Because money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement, the Borrower shall be entitled to seek and obtain specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief on an emergency, temporary, preliminary and/or permanent basis, as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach, without first being required to demonstrate actual damages or post any security or bond. Such remedy shall not be deemed to 
 168 

be the exclusive remedy for breach of this Agreement, but shall be in addition to all other legal, equitable or contractual remedies that the Borrower may have. 
 
 Each Lender acknowledges that information furnished to it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities, and confirms that it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and that it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with those procedures and applicable law, including federal and state securities laws; provided that each Lender shall be responsible for its controlled Affiliates compliance with this Section 9.13(b). 
 
 All information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will be syndicate-level information, which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities. Accordingly, each Lender represents to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it has identified in its administrative questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain material non-public information in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law, including federal and state securities laws. 

SECTION 9.14.	 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with said Act. 
 SECTION 9.15.	 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such 
 169 

shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 9.16.	 No Fiduciary Duty . Each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Obligors, their respective stockholders and/or their respective affiliates. Each Obligor agrees that nothing in this Agreement or the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Obligor, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Obligors acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Obligors, on the other, and (ii) solely in connection therewith and solely with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Obligor, its stockholders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Obligor, its stockholders or its Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Obligor except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting hereunder solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Obligor, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Obligor acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and the process leading thereto. Each Obligor agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services in connection with the Loan Documents of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Obligor, solely in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or the process leading thereto. 
 SECTION 9.17.	 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i)	such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii)	the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class 
 170 

exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to, such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii)	(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv)	such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b)	In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Obligor, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 (c)	The Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and any other Loan Document, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit, or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate 
 171 

transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 SECTION 9.18.	 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 SECTION 9.19.	 Termination . Promptly upon the Facility Termination Date, the Administrative Agent shall direct the Collateral Agent to, on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, deliver to the Borrower such termination statements and releases and other documents necessary or appropriate to evidence the release of the Borrower from this Agreement, the Loan Documents and each of the documents securing the obligations of the Borrower (and, in the case of the Facility Termination Date, with respect to each of the foregoing, the termination thereof) hereunder as the Borrower may reasonably request, all at the cost and expense of the Borrower. 
 [ Signature pages follow ] 
 172 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: /s/ Vishal Sheth________________ 
 Name: Vishal Sheth 
 Title: Vice President 

[Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank, a Swingline Lender and a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Kevin Faber______________ 
 Name: Kevin Faber 
 Title: Vice President 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as an Issuing Bank, a Swingline Lender and a Lender 

By: /s/ James Mastroianna_________ 
 Name: James Mastroianna Title: Director 

STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, as a Swingline Lender and a Lender 

By: /s/ John Doherty_______________ 
 Name: John Doherty 
 Title: Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Craig J. Malloy______________ 
 Name: Craig J. Malloy 
 Title: Director 

[Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement] 

BNP PARIBAS, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Marguerite L Lebon___________ 
 Name: Marguerite L Lebon 
 Title: Vice President 

By: /s/ Edward Doherty______________ 
 Name: Edward Doherty 
 Title: Managing Director 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Rob Chesley_________________ 
 Name: Rob Chesley 
 Title: Vice President 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ananda DeRoche______________ 
 Name: Ananda DeRoche 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Michael King_________________ 
 Name: Michael King 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Gregg Scheuing______________ 
 Name: Gregg Scheuing 
 Title: Director 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Mark R. Cousineau____________ 
 Name: Mark R. Cousineau 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

[Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement] 

Schedule I 
 Commitments, Issuing Banks and Swingline Lenders 

Lender 
 Dollar Commitment 
 Multicurrency Commitment 
 Total 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 - 
 60,000,000.00 
 60,000,000.00 

State Street Bank and Trust Company 
 
 60,000,000.00 
 60,000,000.00 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 60,000,000.00 
 60,000,000.00 

Barclays Bank PLC 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

BNP Paribas 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

Citibank, N.A. 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

The Bank of New York Mellon 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

U.S. Bank National Association 
 
 40,000,000.00 
 40,000,000.00 

Total Commitments 
 0,000,000 
 460,000,000 
 460,000,000 

Issuing Banks 

Issuing Bank 
 Class 
 LC Commitment 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Multicurrency 
 15,000,000 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 Multicurrency 
 15,000,000 

Swingline Lenders 

Swingline Lenders 
 Class 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Multicurrency 

State Street Bank and Trust Company 
 Multicurrency 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 Multicurrency 

Schedule I - 1 

Schedule II 
 Material Agreements and Liens 

Part A Material Agreements 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 
 
 Part B Liens 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 

Schedule II - 1 

Schedule III 
 Permitted Indebtedness 

[Intentionally Omitted] 
 
 Schedule III - 1 

Schedule IV 
 Subsidiaries and Investments 

Part A Subsidiaries 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 

Part B - Investments 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 

Schedule IV - 1 

Schedule V 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 

Schedule V - 1 

Schedule VI 
 GICS Industry Classification Group List 

[Intentionally Omitted] 
 
 Schedule VI - 1 

Schedule VII 
 Approved Dealers and Approved Pricing Services 

Approved Dealers : 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 

Approved Pricing Services : 
 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 
 Schedule VII - 1 

Schedule VIII 
 Excluded Assets 

[Intentionally Omitted] 
 Schedule VIII - 1 

EXHIBIT A 

[Form of Assignment and Assumption] 
 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the Assignor and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 
 		For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 
 1.	Assignor:	______________________________ 
 
 2. Assignee: ______________________________ 
 		 [and is an Affiliate of [ identify Lender ] 2 ] 
 
 3.	Borrower:		Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 
 4.	Administrative Agent:	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
 
 2 Select as applicable. 
 Assignment and Assumption 

5.	Credit Agreement:	The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Fidelity Private Credit Fund, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent 
 
 6.	 Assigned Interest: 

Class and Type Assigned 3 
 Aggregate Amount of Commitments/Loans for all Lenders 
 Amount of Commitments/Loans Assigned 
 Percentage Assigned of Commitments/Loans 4 

3 Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment e.g. , Dollar Commitments or Multicurrency Commitment , etc.) 
 4 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitments/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 
 Effective Date: _____________ ___, 202__ [TO BE INSERTED BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 
 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 
 						 ASSIGNOR 
 
 					[NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 

By:______________________________ 
 						 Name: 
 Title: 

ASSIGNEE 
 
 						[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By:______________________________ 
 						 Name: 
 Title: 

Assignment and Assumption 

[Consented to and] 5 Accepted: 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 
 Administrative Agent 

By:_________________________________ 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[______________], as an 
 Issuing Bank 
 
 5 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 By:_________________________________ 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Consented to:] 6 
 
 FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By:________________________________ 
 Name: Title: 
 
 6 To be added only when the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 Assignment and Assumption 

ANNEX 1 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 
 		1. Representations and Warranties . 
 
 		1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made by any Person other than the Assignor in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 		1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder as if originally named as a Lender therein, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(d) of the Credit Agreement or delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee, (vi) if this Assignment and Assumption is with respect to Multicurrency Commitments and/or Multicurrency Loans, it is able to fund and receive payments on account of each outstanding Agreed Foreign Currency as of the Effective Date without the need to obtain any authorization referred to in clause (c) of the definition of Agreed Foreign Currency in the Credit Agreement, and (vii) it is not a Disqualified Lender; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own analysis and decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 		2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and 
 Annex 1 to Assignment and Assumption 

other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 
 
 		3. General Provisions . The provisions of this Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted under the Credit Agreement. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which together shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or e-mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 
 Annex 1 to Assignment and Assumption 

EXHIBIT B 
 [Form of Borrowing Base Certificate] 
 
 BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE 
 
 	Monthly accounting period ended ____________, 20__ 

Reference is made to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement ), among Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Borrower ), the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein. The contents of this certificate are confidential and subject to Section 9.13(b) of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 		Pursuant to [Section 5.01(d) of] 7 the Credit Agreement, the undersigned, the ______________ of the Borrower, and as such a Financial Officer of the Borrower, hereby certifies on behalf of the Borrower, in the undersigned s capacity as a Financial Officer of the Borrower and not in the undersigned s individual capacity, that attached hereto as Annex 1 is (a) a complete and correct list as at [the end of the monthly accounting period ended] ____________, 20__ (the Reference Date of all Portfolio Investments included in the Collateral, indicating, in the case of each such Portfolio Investment [(and including the rationale for any industry reclassification and a comparison to show changes from the Borrowing Base Certificate from the immediately prior period)], (i) the classification thereof for purposes of Section 5.13 of the Credit Agreement, (ii) the Value thereof as determined in accordance with Section 5.12 of the Credit Agreement, (iii) whether or not such Portfolio Investment has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement), (iv) the Advance Rates (as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.13 of the Credit Agreement) applicable to each Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base and (v) whether or not each Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base is a Participation Interest and (b) a true and correct calculation [(A)] of the Borrowing Base as of the Reference Date, [(B) with respect to Sections 6.03(d), 6.04(d) and 6.05(b) of the Credit Agreement during such monthly accounting period, in each case determined in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement, and (C) the ratio of the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base to the Combined Debt Amount]. 
 
 [The undersigned hereby confirms that the Borrower was in compliance with Section [6.04(d)][6.05(a)] of the Credit Agreement during the applicable accounting period.] 8 
 
 7 Bracketed provisions to be added only if such Borrowing Base Certificate is being delivered in connection with Section 5.01(d) of the Credit Agreement. 
 8 To be added only if during such monthly accounting period the Borrower has made any Investment pursuant to Section 6.04(d) of the Credit Agreement or declared any Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, as applicable. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this certificate to be duly executed as of the __ day of , 20 . 
 
 						FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: ____________________________ 
 						 Name: 
 						 Title: 					 
 
 Borrowing Base Certificate 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 [Form of Borrowing Request] 
 
 Borrowing Request 
 
 [Date] 9 
 
 9 The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by delivery of a signed Borrowing Request or by e-mail (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than AUD), not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iv) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York time, four Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (v) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in AUD, not later than 12:00 p.m., London time, four Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 500 Stanton Christiana Rd., NCC5 / 1st Floor Newark, DE 19713 Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Tel: (302) 552-0714 Fax: (302) 634-8459 Email: andrew.weyant@chase.com With a copy to: 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 500 Stanton Christiana Rd., NCC5 / 1st Floor Newark, DE 19713 Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Tel: (312) 542-6266 Fax: (302) 634-8459 Email: Christopher.draper@chase.com 
 
 Re: Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement ), among Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Borrower ), the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent. 
 Borrowing Request 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 The Borrower hereby requests a [Dollar][Multicurrency] Borrowing pursuant to the Credit Agreement as follows: 
 
 1.	The aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing is [___________]. 
 
 2.	The Currency of the requested Borrowing is [______]. 
 
 3.	The date of the requested Borrowing (a Business Day) is [________]. 
 
 4.	[The Type of the Borrowing is [an ABR Borrowing][a Term Benchmark Borrowing].] 10 
 
 10 For Dollar Borrowings only. 
 5.	The Interest Period is [one][two][three][six] months. 11 
 
 11 For Term Benchmark Borrowings only. 
 6.	The location and number of the Borrower s account is: [___________]. 
 
 By its execution of this Borrowing Request, the Borrower hereby certifies (to the Administrative Agent and each Lender) that: 
 
 (a)	the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (unless the relevant representation and warranty already contains a materiality qualifier or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.04, 3.11 and 3.15 of the Credit Agreement, and in Sections 2.01, 2.02 and 2.04 through 2.08 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, in each such case, is true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the requested Borrowing, or, as to any such representation or warranty that refers to a specific date, as of such specific date; 
 
 (b)	at the date hereof and immediately after giving effect to the requested Borrowing, no Specified Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and 
 
 (c)	the aggregate Covered Debt Amount (immediately after giving effect to the requested Borrowing and any Concurrent Transactions) does not exceed the Borrowing Base. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 Borrowing Request 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: ________________________ 
 	 Name: 
 	 Title: 
 
 Borrowing Request 

EXHIBIT D 
 [Form of Interest Election Request] 
 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 
 [Date] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 500 Stanton Christiana Rd., NCC5 / 1st Floor Newark, DE 19713 Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Tel: (302) 552-0714 Fax: (302) 634-8459 Email: andrew.weyant@chase.com With a copy to: 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 500 Stanton Christiana Rd., NCC5 / 1st Floor Newark, DE 19713 Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Tel: (312) 542-6266 Fax: (302) 634-8459 Email: Christopher.draper@chase.com 
 
 Re:	Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement ), among Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Borrower ), the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent. 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 The Borrower hereby provides the following information in compliance with Section 2.07 of the Credit Agreement: 
 
 1.	This request applies to [________]. 
 
 2.	The effective date of the election (a Business Day) is [______]. 
 
 Interest Election Request 

3.	[The resulting Borrowing is [an ABR Borrowing][a Term Benchmark Borrowing].] 12 
 
 12 For Dollar Borrowings only. 
 4.	The Interest Period is [one][three][six] months. 13 
 
 13 For Term Benchmark Borrowings only. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

By: _________________________ 
 		 Name: 
 		 Title: 
 Interest Election Request 

EXHIBIT E			 
 
 [Form of Promissory Note] 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

[____]	[______________ __], 202_ 
 	New York, New York 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to [ _____________] (the Lender or its registered permitted assignee, in accordance with the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) at such of the offices of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as shall be notified to the Borrower from time to time, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement, in the Currency required by the terms of the Credit Agreement and in immediately available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts provided in the Credit Agreement, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each such Loan, at such office, in like money and funds, for the period commencing on the date of such Loan until such Loan shall be paid in full, at the rates per annum and on the dates provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 		The date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period (if applicable) of each Loan made by the Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender on its books and, prior to any transfer of this Note, endorsed by the Lender on the schedule attached hereto or any continuation thereof; provided that the failure of the Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower to make a payment when due of any amount owing under the Credit Agreement in respect of the Loans made by the Lender. 
 
 		This Note evidences the Loans made by the Lender under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto (including the Lender) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. 
 
 		The Credit Agreement provides for the acceleration of the maturity of this Note upon the occurrence of certain events and for prepayments of Loans upon the terms and conditions specified therein. This Note is subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2.09(f) thereof). 
 
 		Except as permitted by Section 9.04 of the Credit Agreement, this Note may not be assigned by the Lender to any other Person. 
 Promissory Note 

This Note shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 
 FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 
 By: ________________________________ 
 Name: 
 Title: 

Promissory Note 

SCHEDULE OF LOANS 
 
 		This Note evidences the Loans made, continued or converted under the within described Credit Agreement to the Borrower, on the dates, in the principal amounts, of the Types, bearing interest at the rates and having Interest Periods (if applicable) of the durations set forth below, subject to the continuations, conversions and payments and prepayments of principal set forth below: 

Date 
 Class of Loan 
 Principal Amount of Loan 
 Type of Loan 
 Interest Rate 
 Duration of Interest Period (if any) 
 Amount Paid, Prepaid, Continued or Converted 
 Notation Made by 

Promissory Note 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 17
 ck0001920453-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF FIDELITY PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 

Fidelity Private Credit Fund Blocker 2 LLC 
 Delaware 

FPCF CA SPE 2 LLC 
 Delaware 

Fidelity Private Credit Tactical 1 LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-24>
 18
 ck0001920453-ex24_1.htm
 EX-24.1

EX-24 

Exhibit 24.1 
 Fidelity Private Credit Fund 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 Reports Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Know all by these present that each of the undersigned trustees of Fidelity Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust or Fund ), hereby constitutes and appoints Heather Bonner and John J. Burke, of Fidelity Management Research Company, LLC, signing singly, the undersigned s true lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power to act without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign my name to any Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Fund, and any and all other reports required to be filed by the Fund pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all amendments thereto and other documents in connection therewith, and to file, or cause to be filed, the same with all exhibits thereto (including this power of attorney), with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 WITNESS our hands on this 10 th day of March, 2023. 

/s/ David B. Jones 

David B. Jones 

/s/ Jennifer M. Birmingham 

Jennifer M. Birmingham 

/s/ Matthew J. Conti 

Matthew J. Conti 

/s/ Tara C. Kenney 

Tara C. Kenney 

1 of 1 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 19
 ck0001920453-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Heather Bonner, President and Treasurer of Fidelity Private Credit Fund, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the registrant ); 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Heather Bonner 

Heather Bonner 

President and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 20
 ck0001920453-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John J. Burke III, Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity Private Credit Fund, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the registrant ); 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ John J. Burke III 

John J. Burke III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 21
 ck0001920453-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as President and Treasurer of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 (1) the Fund s Form 10-K for the annual ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Fund s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund. 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Heather Bonner 

Heather Bonner 

President and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 22
 ck0001920453-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity Private Credit Fund (the Fund ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 (1) the Fund s Form 10-K for the annual ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Fund s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund. 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ John J. Burke III 

John J. Burke III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 92
 ck0001920453-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 93
 ck0001920453-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 94
 ck0001920453-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 95
 ck0001920453-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

