<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_38725_0000038725-23-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14547078</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3127974</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4732413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3286342</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2974685</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000038725-23-000035.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222162048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000038725-23-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000038725
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORS & GENERATORS [3621]
		IRS NUMBER:				350827455
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00362
		FILM NUMBER:		23653428

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9255 COVERDALE ROAD
		CITY:			FORT WAYNE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46809
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2608242900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9255 COVERDALE ROAD
		CITY:			FORT WAYNE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46809

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000038725-23-000035.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 fele-20221231.htm
 10-K

fele-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _________ 
 
 FORM 
 _________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Global Select Market (Title of each class) (Trading symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 None 
 (Title of each class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant 
 to 240.10D-1(b). 
 o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes 
 No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter) was . The stock price used in this computation was the last sales price on that date, as reported by NASDAQ Global Select Market. For purposes of this calculation, the registrant has excluded shares held by executive officers and directors of the registrant, including restricted shares and except for shares owned by the executive officers through the registrant s 401(k) Plan. Determination of stock ownership by non-affiliates was made solely for the purpose of responding to this requirement and the registrant is not bound by this determination for any other purpose. 
 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding at February 6, 2023 : 
 shares 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. Number Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 Item 2. Properties 
 11 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 Supplemental Item - Information about our Executive Officers 
 12 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 22 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 51 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) 
 54 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 55 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 55 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 55 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 55 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 55 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 Signatures 
 60 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Description of the Business 
 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Franklin Electric or the Company is an Indiana corporation founded in 1944 and incorporated in 1946. Named after America s pioneer electrical engineer, Benjamin Franklin, Franklin Electric manufactured the first water-lubricated submersible motor for water systems and the first submersible motor for fueling systems. With 2022 revenue of over 2.0 billion, the Company designs, manufactures and distributes water and fuel pumping systems, composed primarily of submersible motors, pumps, electronic controls, water treatment systems, and related parts and equipment. 
 
 The Company s water pumping systems move fresh and wastewater for the residential, agricultural and other industrial end markets. The Company also sells various groundwater equipment products to well installation contractors, including water pumping systems, through its distribution branches located in the U.S. With a growing global footprint, the Company has also evolved into a top supplier of submersible fueling systems at gas stations, making pumps, pipes, electronic controls and monitoring devices. 
 
 The Company s products are sold worldwide by its employee sales force and independent manufacturing representatives. The Company offers normal and customary trade terms to its customers, no significant part of which is of an extended nature. Special inventory requirements are not necessary, and customer merchandise return rights do not extend beyond normal warranty provisions. 
 
 Franklin Electric s Key Factors for Success 
 While maintaining a culture of safety and lean principles, Franklin Electric promises to deliver quality, availability, service, innovation, and cost in every encounter the Company has with stakeholders, including direct or indirect customers, employees, shareholders, and suppliers. These key factors for success are a roadmap for the Company's growth as a global provider of water and fuel systems, through geographic expansion and product line extensions, leveraging its global platform and competency in system design, all while consistently offering the best value to its customer. 
 
 Markets and Applications 
 The Company s business consists of three reportable segments based on the principal end market served: Water Systems, Fueling Systems, and Distribution. The Company includes unallocated corporate expenses in an Intersegment Eliminations/Other segment that, together with the Water Systems, Fueling Systems, and Distribution segments, represent the Company. Segment and geographic information appears in Note 15 - Segment and Geographic Information to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The market for the Company s products is highly competitive and includes diversified accounts by size and type. The Company s Water Systems and Fueling Systems products and related equipment are sold to specialty distributors and some original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), as well as industrial and petroleum equipment distributors and major oil and utility companies. The Company s Distribution segment sells products primarily to water well contractors. 
 
 Water Systems Segment 
 Water Systems is a global leader in the production and marketing of water pumping systems and is a technical leader in submersible motors, pumps, drives, electronic controls, water treatment systems, and monitoring devices. The Water Systems segment designs, manufactures and sells motors, pumps, drives, electronic controls, monitoring devices, and related parts and equipment primarily for use in groundwater, water transfer and wastewater. 
 
 Water Systems motors, pumps and controls are used principally for pumping clean water and wastewater in a variety of residential, agricultural, municipal and industrial applications. Water Systems also manufactures electronic drives and controls for the motors which control functionality and provide protection from various hazards, such as electrical surges, over-heating and dry wells or dry tanks. In the last three years, the Company acquired Waterite, Inc.; Puronics, Inc.; New Aqua, LLC; and B R Industries, Inc. expanding its portfolio to include water treatment systems and acquired Minetuff Dewatering Pumps Australia Pty Ltd expanding its industrial dewatering product line. 
 
 Water Systems products are sold in highly competitive markets. Water Systems contributed about 55 percent of the Company s total revenue in 2022. Significant portions of segment revenue come from selling groundwater and surface pumps, motors, and controls for residential and commercial buildings, as well as agricultural sales which are more seasonal and subject to commodity price changes. The Water Systems segment generates approximately 25 to 30 percent of its revenue in developing markets, which often lack municipal water systems. As those countries install water systems, the Company views those markets 
 4 

as an opportunity. The Company has had 6 to 9 percent compounded annual sales growth in developing regions in recent years. Water Systems competes in each of its targeted markets based on product design, quality of products and services, performance, availability and price. The Company s principal competitors in the specialty water products industry are Grundfos Management A/S, Pentair, Inc. and Xylem, Inc. 
 
 2022 Water Systems research and development expenditures were primarily related to the following activities: 
 Electronic variable frequency drives and controls for Pump and HVAC applications, including enhancements of mobile application capabilities for SubDrive Connect and Cerus X-Drive and development of standard panels to support HES (High Efficiency Systems) motors 
 Development of new standard electric skid pump package designs and electronic variable frequency drive skid packages for mining and municipal dewatering markets 
 Greywater pumping equipment, including the development of 60Hz electrical submersible pumps from the acquisition of Minetuff and the expansion of grinder pumps for the Brazil market 
 Submersible and surface pumps for residential, commercial, municipal, and agricultural applications including the development of a standard global 4 pump family, developing a new cast stainless submersible turbine line, and upgrading the performance of line shaft turbine product offerings 
 Submersible motor technology development, including the introduction of energy efficient permanent magnet motors into submersible water pumping systems, substantially reducing energy usage in residential pumping applications, 4 pole motor designs for 8 and 10 diameter products, and 4 Oil-filled motors 
 Water treatment products focused on component improvements and IOT enabled sensing systems 
 
 Fueling Systems Segment 
 Fueling Systems is a global leader in the production and marketing of fuel pumping systems, fuel containment systems and monitoring and control systems. The Fueling Systems segment designs, manufactures and sells pumps, pipe, sumps, fittings, vapor recovery components, electronic controls, monitoring devices and related parts and equipment primarily for use in fueling system applications. 
 
 Fueling Systems offers a complete array of components between the tank and the dispenser, including submersible pumps, station hardware, piping, sumps, vapor recovery, corrosion control systems and electronic controls. The Fueling Systems segment growth has been sustained by a commitment to protecting human health and the environment while delivering the lowest total cost of ownership. Fueling Systems takes steps to ensure its products are installed and maintained properly through robust global certification tools for their third-party contractors. The segment serves other energy markets such as power reliability systems and includes intelligent electronic devices that are designed for online monitoring for the power utility, hydroelectric, and telecommunication and data center infrastructure. 
 
 Fueling Systems products are sold in highly competitive markets. Rising vehicle use is leading to more investment in fueling stations, which, in turn, leads to increased demand for the Company s Fueling Systems products. The Company believes there is growth opportunity in developing markets. Fueling Systems competes in each of its targeted markets based on product design, quality of products and services, performance, availability and value. The Company s principal competitors in the petroleum equipment industry are Vontier Corporation, formerly a part of Fortive Corporation, and Dover Corporation. 
 
 2022 Fueling Systems research and development expenditures were primarily related to the following activities: 
 Developed and launched new distribution transformer monitor 
 Developed new vapor flow meter for Chinese vapor recovery monitoring regulation 
 Developed and launched UNITE, server software to collect data from battery monitoring, battery testers, NexPhase, and distribution monitoring 
 Developed Press-Fit Connector for Cabletight electrical conduit 
 Developed testable termination fitting for APT fueling piping system 
 Developed and launched NexPhase Electric Vehicle Switchgear 
 Developed car wash monitor of detergent liquids at car wash stations 
 Developed new hybrid wired battery monitoring system 
 
 Distribution Segment 
 The Distribution segment is operated as a collection of wholly owned leading groundwater distributors known as the Headwater Companies. Headwater Companies deliver quality products and leading brands to the industry, providing contractors with the availability and service they demand to meet their application challenges. The Distribution segment operates within the U.S. professional groundwater market. Highlights of the Distribution Segment geographic growth through acquisitions in the last three years are as follows: 
 2020 - Acquired Gicon Pumps Equipment, Inc., a professional groundwater distributor operating in the south 
 2021 - Acquired Blake Group Holdings, Inc., a professional groundwater distributor operating in the northeast 
 5 

Information Regarding All Reportable Segments 
 Research and Development 
 The Company incurred research and development expenses as follows: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Research and development expenses 16.7 17.3 21.7 
 
 Expenses incurred were for activities related to the development of new products, improvement of existing products and manufacturing methods and other applied research and development. 
 
 The Company owns a number of patents, trademarks, and licenses. In the aggregate, these patents are of material importance to the operation of the business; however, the Company believes that its operations are not dependent on any single patent or group of patents. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal raw materials used in the manufacture of the Company s products are coil and bar steel, stainless steel, copper wire and aluminum ingot. Major components are electric motors, capacitors, motor protectors, forgings, gray iron castings, plastic resins and bearings. Most of these raw materials are available from multiple sources in the U.S. and world markets. Generally, the Company believes that adequate alternative sources are available for the majority of its key raw material and purchased component needs; however, the Company is dependent on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain materials or components. The Company believes that availability of fuel and energy is adequate to satisfy current and projected overall operations unless interrupted by government direction, allocation or other disruption. 
 
 Major Customers 
 No single customer accounted for over 10 percent of net sales in 2022, 2021, or 2020. No single customer accounted for over 10 percent of gross accounts receivable in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Backlog 
 The dollar amount of backlog by segment was as follows: 
 (In millions) February 6, 2023 February 10, 2022 Water Systems 228.2 205.9 Fueling Systems 43.9 58.4 Distribution 22.8 22.1 Consolidated 294.9 286.4 
 
 The backlog is composed of written orders at prices adjustable on a price-at-the-time-of-shipment basis for products, primarily standard catalog items. All backlog orders are expected to be filled in 2023. The Company s sales in the first quarter are generally less than its sales in other quarters due to less water well drilling and overall product sales during the winter months in the Northern hemisphere. Beyond that, there is no seasonal pattern to the backlog and the backlog has not proven to be a significant indicator of future sales. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Company believes that it is in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws concerning the discharge of material into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. The Company has not experienced any material costs in connection with environmental compliance, and does not believe that such compliance will have any material effect upon the financial position, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position of the Company. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 6,500 employees. The Company is committed to providing safe work environments for its employees, prioritizing wellness, health and safety best practices and requiring ethical compliance with established policies. Further information regarding its human capital details and initiatives can be found in the 2022 Franklin Electric Sustainability Report available for download on the Company's website. 

6 

Available Information 
 The Company is a U.S. public reporting company under the Exchange Act and files reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC, which can be accessed from the SEC's home page on the Internet at www.sec.gov . The Company s website address is www.franklin-electric.com . The Company makes available free of charge on or through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, the Company s website includes the Company s corporate governance guidelines, its Board committee charters, Lead Independent Director charter, and the Company s code of business conduct and ethics. Information contained on the Company s website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following describes the principal risks affecting the Company and its business. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to the Company, could negatively impact the Company s results of operations or financial condition in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to the Industry 
 Reduced housing starts adversely affect demand for the Company s products, thereby reducing revenues and earnings. Demand for certain Company products is affected by housing starts. Variation in housing starts due to economic volatility both within the United States and globally could adversely impact gross margins and operating results. 
 
 The Company s results may be adversely affected by global macroeconomic supply and demand conditions related to the energy and mining industries. The energy and mining industries are users of the Company s products, including the coal, iron ore, gold, copper, oil, and natural gas industries. Decisions to purchase the Company s products are dependent upon the performance of the industries in which our customers operate. If demand or output in these industries increases, the demand for our products will generally increase. Likewise, if demand or output in these industries declines, the demand for our products will generally decrease. The energy and mining industries demand and output are impacted by the prices of commodities in these industries which are frequently volatile and change in response to general economic conditions, economic growth, commodity inventories, and any disruptions in production or distribution. Changes in these conditions could adversely impact sales, gross margin, and operating results. 
 
 Volatility in the prices and availability of raw materials, components, finished goods and other commodities could adversely affect operations. The Company purchases most of the raw materials for its products on the open market and relies on third parties for the sourcing of certain finished goods. Accordingly, the cost of its products may be affected by changes in the market price and its ability to successfully obtain raw materials, sourced components, or finished goods. The Company and its suppliers also use natural gas and electricity in manufacturing products both of which have historically been volatile. The Company does not generally engage in commodity hedging for raw materials and energy. Significant increases in the prices or disruptions in the supply chain of commodities, sourced components, finished goods, energy or other commodities could cause product prices to increase, which may reduce demand for products or make the Company more susceptible to competition. Furthermore, in the event the Company is unable to pass along increases in operating costs to its customers, margins and profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
 The growth of municipal water systems and increased government restrictions on groundwater pumping could reduce demand for private water wells and the Company s products, thereby reducing revenues and earnings. Demand for certain Company products is affected by rural communities shifting from private and individual water well systems to city or municipal water systems. Many economic and other factors outside the Company s control, including governmental regulations on water quality, and tax credits and incentives, could adversely impact the demand for private and individual water wells. A decline in private and individual water well systems in the United States or other economies in the international markets the Company serves could reduce demand for the Company s products and adversely impact sales, gross margins, and operating results. 
 
 Demand for Fueling Systems products is impacted by environmental legislation which may cause significant fluctuations in costs and revenues. Environmental legislation related to air quality and fuel containment may create demand for certain Fueling Systems products which must be supplied in a relatively short time frame to meet the governmental mandate. During periods of increased demand, the Company s revenues and profitability could increase significantly, although the Company can also be at risk of not having capacity to meet demand or cost overruns due to inefficiencies during ramp up to the higher production levels. After the Company s customers have met the compliance requirements, the Company s revenues and profitability may decrease significantly as the demand for certain products declines substantially. The risk of not reducing production costs in relation to the decreased demand and reduced revenues could have a material adverse impact on gross margins and the Company s results of operations. 
 7 

Changes in tax legislation regarding the Company s U.S. or foreign earnings could materially affect future results. Since the Company operates in different countries and is subject to taxation in different jurisdictions, the Company s future effective tax rates could be impacted by changes in such countries tax laws or their interpretations. Both domestic and international tax laws are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, legislation, evolution of regulation and court rulings. The application of these tax laws and related regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment, and uncertainty. The Company cannot predict whether any proposed changes in tax laws will be enacted into law or what, if any, changes may be made to any such proposals prior to their being enacted into law. If the tax laws change in a manner that increases the Company s tax obligation, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ), an international association comprised of 38 countries, including the United States, has issued proposals that change long-standing tax principles including on a global minimum tax initiative. On December 12, 2022, the European Union member states agreed to implement the OECD s Pillar 2 global corporate minimum tax rate of 15 percent on companies with revenues of at least 790 million, which would go into effect in 2024. Other countries are also actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD s proposals. If these proposals are implemented in the countries where the Company operates, it may materially impact our income tax liability, provision for income taxes and effective tax rate. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act signed on August 16, 2022, enacted a new excise tax under Section 4501 on certain repurchases of corporate stock. The Tax applies to repurchases of stock net of issuances after December 31, 2022. The estimated impact to the Company could be material if the Company decides to increase share repurchases. 
 
 Risks Related to the Business 
 The Company is exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. The Company has significant operations outside the United States, including Europe, South Africa, Brazil, Mexico, India, China, Turkey, Canada and Argentina. Further, the Company obtains raw materials and finished goods from foreign suppliers. Accordingly, the Company s business is subject to political, economic, and other risks that are inherent in operating a multinational business. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Difficulty in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems 
 Trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements 
 Inability to obtain raw materials and finished goods in a timely manner from foreign suppliers 
 Imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions 
 Difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations 
 Compliance with foreign laws and regulations 
 Changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where the Company operates 
 Additionally, the Company s operations outside the United States could be negatively impacted by changes in treaties, agreements, policies, and laws implemented by the United States. If the Company does not anticipate and effectively manage these risks, these factors may have a material adverse impact on its international operations or on the business as a whole. 
 
 The Company has significant investments in foreign entities and has significant sales and purchases in foreign denominated currencies creating exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The Company has significant investments outside the United States, including Europe, South Africa, Brazil, Mexico, India, China, Turkey, Canada and Argentina. Further, the Company has sales and makes purchases of raw materials and finished goods in foreign denominated currencies. Accordingly, the Company has exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is partially mitigated through several means: maintenance of local production facilities in the markets served, invoicing of customers in the same currency as the source of the products, prompt settlement of intercompany balances, limited use of foreign currency denominated debt, and application of derivative instruments when appropriate. To the extent that these mitigating strategies are not successful, foreign currency rate fluctuations can have a material adverse impact on the Company s international operations or on the business as a whole. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that Turkey represents a hyperinflationary economy as its projected three-year cumulative inflation rate exceeds 100 percent. As a result, the Company started remeasuring the financial statements for the Company s Turkish operations in accordance with the highly inflationary accounting rules in the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 830 "Foreign Currency Matters" as of the beginning of the second quarter of 2022. As a result, all gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of the financial results of operations and other transactional foreign exchange gains and losses would be reflected in earnings, which could result in volatility within the Company s earnings, rather than as a component of the Company s comprehensive income within 
 8 

stockholders equity. Turkey becoming a hyperinflationary economy may have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 The Company s acquisition strategy entails expense, integration risks, and other risks that could affect the Company s earnings and financial condition. One of the Company s continuing strategies is to increase revenues and expand market share through acquisitions that will provide complementary Water and Fueling Systems products, add to the Company s global reach, or both. The Company spends significant time and effort expanding existing businesses through identifying, pursuing, completing, and integrating acquisitions, which generate expense whether or not the acquisitions are actually completed. Competition for acquisition candidates may limit the number of opportunities and may result in higher acquisition prices. There is uncertainty related to successfully acquiring, integrating and profitably managing additional businesses without substantial costs, delays or other problems. There can also be no assurance that acquired companies will achieve revenues, profitability or cash flows that justify the investment. Failure to manage or mitigate these risks could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s products are sold in highly competitive markets, by numerous competitors whose actions could negatively impact sales volume, pricing and profitability. The Company is a global leader in the production and marketing of groundwater and fuel pumping systems. End user demand, distribution relationships, industry consolidation, new product capabilities of the Company s competitors or new competitors, and many other factors contribute to a highly competitive environment. Additionally, some of the Company s competitors have substantially greater financial resources than the Company. The Company believes that consistency of product quality, timeliness of delivery, service, and continued product innovation, as well as price, are principal factors considered by customers in selecting suppliers. Competitive factors previously described may lead to declines in sales or in the prices of the Company s products which could have an adverse impact on its results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s products are sold to numerous distribution outlets based on market performance. The Company may, from time to time, change distribution outlets in certain markets based on market share and growth. These changes could adversely impact sales and operating results. 
 
 Transferring operations of the Company to lower cost regions may not result in the intended cost benefits. The Company is continuing its rationalization of manufacturing capacity between all existing manufacturing facilities and the manufacturing complexes in lower cost regions. To implement this strategy, the Company must complete the transfer of assets and intellectual property between operations. Each of these transfers involves the risk of disruption to the Company s manufacturing capability, supply chain, and, ultimately, to the Company s ability to service customers and generate revenues and profits and may include significant severance amounts. 
 
 Delays in introducing new products or the inability to achieve or maintain market acceptance with existing or new products may cause the Company s revenues to decrease. The industries to which the Company belongs are characterized by intense competition, changes in end-user requirements, and evolving product offerings and introductions. The Company believes future success will depend, in part, on the ability to anticipate and adapt to these factors and offer, on a timely basis, products that meet customer demands. Failure to successfully develop new and innovative products or to enhance existing products could result in the loss of existing customers to competitors or the inability to attract new business, either of which may adversely affect the Company s revenues. 
 
 Certain Company products are subject to regulation and government performance requirements in addition to the warranties provided by the Company . The Company s product lines have expanded significantly and certain products are subject to government regulations and standards for manufacture, assembly, and performance in addition to the warranties provided by the Company. The Company s failure to meet all such standards or perform in accordance with warranties could result in significant warranty or repair costs, lost sales and profits, damage to the Company s reputation, fines or penalties from governmental organizations, and increased litigation exposure. Changes to these regulations or standards may require the Company to modify its business objectives and incur additional costs to comply. Any liabilities or penalties actually incurred could have a material adverse effect on the Company s earnings and operating results. 
 
 The Company has significant goodwill and intangible assets and future impairment of the value of these assets may adversely affect the Company's operating results and financial condition. The Company s total assets include substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. Goodwill results from the Company s acquisitions, representing the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment during the fourth quarter or as warranted by triggering events. If future operating performance at one or more of the Company s operating segments were to decline significantly below current levels, the Company could incur a non-cash impairment charge to operating earnings. The recognition of an impairment of a significant portion of the Company s 
 9 

goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s business may be adversely affected by the seasonality of sales and weather conditions. The Company experiences seasonal demand in a number of markets within the Water Systems segment. End-user demand in primary markets follows warm weather trends and is at seasonal highs from April to August in the Northern Hemisphere. Demand for residential and agricultural water systems are also affected by weather-related disasters including heavy flooding and drought. Changes in these patterns could reduce demand for the Company s products and adversely impact sales, gross margins, and operating results. 
 The Company depends on certain key suppliers, and any loss of those suppliers or their failure to meet commitments may adversely affect the Company's business and results of operations. The Company is dependent on a single or limited number of suppliers for some materials or components required in the manufacture of its products. If any of those suppliers fail to meet their commitments to the Company in terms of delivery or quality, the Company may experience supply shortages that could result in its inability to meet customer requirements, or could otherwise experience an interruption in operations that could negatively impact the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s operations are dependent on information technology infrastructure and failures could significantly affect its business. The Company depends on information technology infrastructure in order to achieve business objectives. If the Company experiences a problem that impairs this infrastructure, such as a computer virus, a problem with the functioning of an important IT application, or an intentional disruption of IT systems by a third party, the resulting disruptions could impede the Company's ability to record or process orders, manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on business in the ordinary course. Any such events could cause the loss of customers or revenue and could cause significant expense to be incurred to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns. The Company is also subject to certain U.S. and international data protection and cybersecurity regulations. Complying with these laws may subject the Company to additional costs or require changes to the Company s business practices. Any inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations could expose the Company to potentially significant liabilities. 
 
 Additional Risks to the Company. The Company is subject to various risks in the normal course of business as well as catastrophic events including severe weather events, earthquakes, fires, acts of war, terrorism, civil unrest, epidemics and pandemics and other unexpected events. Exhibit 99.1 sets forth risks and other factors that may affect future results, including those identified above, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 10 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Franklin Electric serves customers worldwide with over 220 manufacturing and distribution facilities located in over 20 countries. The Global Headquarters is located in Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States and houses sales, marketing and administrative offices along with a state of the art research and engineering facility. Besides the owned corporate facility, the Company considers the following to be principal properties: 
 Location / Segment Purpose Own/Lease Santa Catarina, Brazil / Water Fueling Manufacturing/Distribution/Sales Own Sao Paulo, Brazil / Water Fueling Manufacturing/Distribution/Sales Own Jiangsu Province, China / Water Fueling Manufacturing Own Brno, Czech Republic / Water Manufacturing Own Vicenza, Italy / Water Manufacturing Own Nuevo Leon, Mexico / Water Fueling Manufacturing Own Edenvale, South Africa / Water Manufacturing Own Izmir, Turkey / Water Manufacturing/Distribution/Sales/R D Own Indiana, United States / Water Manufacturing/Distribution/Sales Lease Montana, United States / Distribution Distribution Own North Carolina, United States / Distribution Distribution Own Oklahoma, United States / Water Manufacturing Own Oregon, United States / Water Manufacturing/Distribution/Sales/R D Lease Wisconsin, United States / Fueling Manufacturing/Distribution/Sales/R D Own 
 
 The Company also owns and leases other smaller facilities which serve as manufacturing locations and distribution warehouses. The Company does not consider these facilities to be principal to the business or operations. In the Company s opinion, its facilities are suitable for their intended use, adequate for the Company s business needs, all currently utilized and in good condition. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is defending various claims and legal actions which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. For a description of the Company's material legal proceedings, refer to Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. In the opinion of management, based on current knowledge of the facts and after discussion with counsel, other claims and legal actions can be defended or resolved without a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and net cash flows. 
 
 11 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Current executive officers of the Company, their ages, current position, and business experience during at least the past five years as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 
 Name Age Position Held Period Holding Position Gregg C. Sengstack 64 Chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 2015 - present Jeffery L. Taylor 56 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 2021 - present Chief Financial Officer, Blue Bird Corporation 2020 - 2021 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Wabash National Corporation 2014 - 2020 Brent L. Spikes 51 Vice President, Global Manufacturing 2022 - present Vice President, Global Water Engineering 2020 - 2022 Vice President, Manufacturing Manufacturing Engineering 2019 - 2020 Director, Manufacturing Manufacturing Engineering 2018 - 2019 Director, Advanced Manufacturing 2014 - 2018 DeLancey W. Davis 57 Vice President and President, Headwater Companies 2017 - present Vice President and President, North America Water Systems 2012 - 2017 Donald P. Kenney 62 Vice President and President, Global Water 2019 - present Vice President and President, North America Water Systems 2017 - 2019 Vice President and President, Energy Systems 2014 - 2017 Jay J. Walsh 53 Vice President and President, Fueling Systems 2019 - present President, Fueling Systems 2017 - 2019 Executive Vice President, Fueling Systems 2013 - 2017 Jonathan M. Grandon 47 Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 2016 - present Kenneth Keene 59 Vice President, Global Supply 2022 - present Vice President, EMEA Manufacturing 2021 - 2022 Vice President, Global Sourcing 2018 - 2021 Vice President, Sales - US 2014 - 2018 
 
 All executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors at the Board meeting held in conjunction with the annual meeting of shareholders. All executive officers hold office until their successors are duly elected or until their death, resignation or removal by the Board. 
 
 12 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The number of shareholders of record as of February 6, 2023 was 608. The Company s stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol FELE. Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York, 11717 serves as the registrar, record keeper and stock transfer agent. 
 
 Dividends paid per common share as quoted by the NASDAQ Global Select Market for 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Dividends per Share 2022 2021 1st Quarter .1950 .1750 2nd Quarter .1950 .1750 3rd Quarter .1950 .1750 4th Quarter .1950 .1750 
 
 The Company has increased dividend payments on an annual basis for 30 consecutive years. The payment of dividends in the future will be determined by the Board of Directors and will depend on business conditions, earnings, and other factors. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In April 2007, the Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved a plan to increase the number of shares remaining for repurchase from 628,692 to 2,300,000 shares. There is no expiration date for this plan. On August 3, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a plan to increase the number of shares remaining for repurchase by an additional 3,000,000 shares. The authorization was in addition to the 535,107 shares that remained available for repurchase as of July 31, 2015. The Company repurchased 134,835 shares for approximately 10.8 million under this plan during the fourth quarter of 2022. The maximum number of shares that may still be purchased under this plan as of December 31, 2022 is 288,107. In February 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a plan to increase the number of shares remaining for repurchase by an additional 1,000,000 shares. After giving effect to the February 2023 approval and share repurchase activity in 2023, the maximum number of shares that may still be purchased under this plan as of February 22, 2023 is 1,215,872. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares that may yet to be Repurchased October 1 - October 31 422,942 November 1 - November 30 422,942 December 1 - December 31 134,835 80.40 134,835 288,107 Total 134,835 80.40 134,835 288,107 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the Company s cumulative total shareholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends, on a reinvested basis) over the last five fiscal years with the Guggenheim S P Global Water Index and the Russell 2000 Index. 
 
 13 

Hypothetical 100 invested on December 31, 2017 (fiscal year-end 2017) in Fra nklin Electric common stock (FELE), Guggenheim S P Global Water Index, and Russell 2000 Index, assuming reinvestment of dividends: 
 YE 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 FELE 100 94 125 151 206 176 Guggenheim S P Global Water 100 90 119 135 175 137 Russell 2000 100 89 110 130 148 118 
 14 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of the year-over-year comparison of changes in the Company's financial condition and results of operation as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 can be found in Part II, Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Net sales in 2022 increased 23 percent compared to the prior year. The sales increase was primarily due to price and acquisitions. The impact of foreign currency translation decreased sales by about 5 percent. The Company's consolidated gross profit was 691.4 million for 2022, an increase of 115.3 million, or about 20 percent, from 2021. Net income attributable to the Company was 187.3 million, an increase of 33.5 million, or about 22 percent, from 2021 . 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales in 2022 were 2,043.7 million, an increase of 381.8 million, or about 23 percent, compared to 2021 sales of 1,661.9 million. The incremental impact to sales from acquired businesses was 131.9 million. Sales decreased by 77.1 million, or about 5 percent, in 2022 due to foreign currency translation. 
 Net Sales (In millions) 2022 2021 2022 v 2021 Water Systems 1,157.5 963.6 193.9 Fueling Systems 334.1 289.1 45.0 Distribution 668.1 497.6 170.5 Eliminations/Other (116.0) (88.4) (27.6) Consolidated 2,043.7 1,661.9 381.8 
 
 Net Sales-Water Systems 
 Water Systems sales were 1,157.5 million in 2022, an increase of 193.9 million, or about 20 percent, versus 2021. The incremental impact to sales from acquired businesses was 58.8 million. Foreign currency translation changes decreased sales 71.7 million, or about 7 percent, compared to 2021. 
 
 Water Systems sales in the U.S. and Canada increased by about 30 percent compared to 2021. The incremental impact to sales from acquired businesses was 54.1 million. Sales decreased by 3.0 million in 2022 due to foreign currency translation. In 2022, sales of groundwater pumping equipment increased by about 22 percent and sales of all surface pumping equipment increased by about 23 percent versus 2021, due to strong end market demand and pricing. 
 
 Water Systems sales in markets outside the U.S. and Canada increased by about 7 percent compared to 2021. The incremental impact to sales from acquired businesses was 4.7 million. Sales decreased by 68.7 million, or 17 percent, in 2022 due to foreign currency translation. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, sales increased in all major markets; EMEA, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. 
 
 Net Sales-Fueling Systems 
 Fueling Systems sales were 334.1 million in 2022, an increase of 45.0 million, or about 16 percent, from 2021. Foreign currency translation changes decreased sales 5.4 million, or about 2 percent, compared to 2021. 
 
 Fueling Systems sales in the U.S. and Canada increased by about 22 percent during 2022, primarily due to pricing actions and higher demand across all product lines. Outside the U.S. and Canada, Fueling Systems sales increased with sales growth in India more than offsetting lower sales in China. China sales were about 7 million in 2022 compared to about 12 million in 2021. 
 
 Net Sales-Distribution 
 Distribution sales were 668.1 million in 2022, an increase of 170.5 million, or about 34 percent, from 2021. The incremental impact to sales from acquired businesses was 73.1 million. Sales growth was driven by acquisitions, pricing and broad-based demand in all regions and product categories. 
 
 15 

Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales as a percent of net sales for 2022 and 2021 was 66.2 percent and 65.3 percent, respectively. Correspondingly, the gross profit margin was 33.8 percent and 34.7 percent, respectively. The gross profit margin decline was primarily a result of supply disruptions causing unfavorable absorption variances and higher inbound freight that was partially offset by realized pricing actions that more than offset inflationary cost increases. The Company's consolidated gross profit was 691.4 million for 2022, up 115.3 million from the gross profit of 576.1 million in 2021. The gross profit increase was primarily due to higher sales. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A 
 SG A expenses were 432.1 million in 2022 and increased 45.8 million compared to 386.3 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to incremental expenses from acquired businesses of 31 million. Additionally, higher travel and advertising expenses were partially offset by lower variable performance-based compensation expenses. SG A costs as a percent of net sales decreased to 21.1 percent in 2022 from 23.2 percent in 2021. 
 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expenses were 2.2 million and 0.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restructuring expenses were primarily from continued miscellaneous manufacturing realignment activities and branch closings and consolidations in the Distribution and Water Systems segments. 
 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income was 257.2 million in 2022, up 68.0 million, or 36 percent, from 189.2 million in 2021. Operating income (loss) (In millions) 2022 2021 2022 v 2021 Water Systems 172.3 139.1 33.2 Fueling Systems 96.8 79.5 17.3 Distribution 54.5 35.9 18.6 Eliminations/Other (66.4) (65.3) (1.1) Consolidated 257.2 189.2 68.0 
 
 Operating Income-Water Systems 
 Water Systems operating income was 172.3 million in 2022 compared to 139.1 million in 2021, an increase of 24 percent. Operating income increased in Water Systems primarily due to higher sales volumes and SG A cost controls. The 2022 operating income margin was 14.9 percent compared to 2021 operating income margin of 14.4 percent of net sales. Operating income margin increased in Water Systems primarily due to operating leverage on higher sales. 
 
 Operating Income-Fueling Systems 
 Fueling Systems operating income was 96.8 million in 2022 compared to 79.5 million in 2021, an increase of 22 percent. Operating income increased in Fueling Systems primarily due to higher sales volumes. The 2022 operating income margin was 29.0 percent compared to 27.5 percent of net sales in 2021. Operating income margin increased in Fueling Systems primarily due to operating leverage on higher sales. 
 
 Operating Income-Distribution 
 Distribution operating income was 54.5 million in 2022 compared to 35.9 million in 2021, an increase of 52 percent. Operating income increased in Distribution due to higher sales volumes. The 2022 operating income margin was 8.2 percent compared to 7.2 percent of net sales in 2021. The increase in operating income margin was primarily due to sales growth and operating leverage. 
 
 Operating Income-Eliminations/Other 
 Operating income-Eliminations/Other is composed primarily of inter-segment sales and profit eliminations and unallocated general and administrative expenses. The inter-segment profit elimination impact in 2022 decreased operating income by about 3.0 million more compared to 2021. The inter-segment elimination of operating income effectively defers the operating income on sales from Water Systems to Distribution in the consolidated financial results until the transferred product is sold from the Distribution segment to its third-party customer. Additionally, unallocated general and administrative expenses decreased 1.9 million compared to last year. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased in 2022 to 11.5 million from 5.2 million in 2021 primarily due to higher outstanding debt levels and higher interest rates. 
 
 16 

Other Income or Expense 
 Other income or expense was a loss of 3.2 million in 2022 compared to income of 8.0 million in 2021. Included in other income or expense in 2022 was a loss of 2.1 million related to a settlement of an indirect tax dispute. Other income or expense in 2021 included a bargain purchase gain of 6.5 million and a gain of 2.5 million related to a settlement of an indirect tax dispute. 
 
 Foreign Exchange 
 Foreign exchange was a loss of 7.2 million and 2.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to transaction losses associated with the Argentine Peso and Turkish Lira. The Company reports the results of its subsidiaries in Argentina and Turkey using highly inflationary accounting, which requires that the functional currency of the entity be changed to the reporting currency of its parent. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes in 2022 and 2021 was 46.4 million and 34.7 million, respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022 both before and after the impact of discrete events was about 20 percent. The effective tax rate for 2021 was about 18 percent and, before the impact of discrete events, was about 21 percent. The tax rate was lower than the statutory rate of 21 percent primarily due to the recognition of the U.S. deduction for Foreign Derived Intangible Income, certain incentives, and discrete events. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2022 was primarily a result of smaller net favorable discrete events recorded in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily related to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. 
 
 Net Income 
 Net income for 2022 was 188.8 million compared to 2021 net income of 155.0 million. Net income attributable to Franklin Electric Co., Inc. for 2022 was 187.3 million, or 3.97 per diluted share, compared to 2021 net income attributable to Franklin Electric Co., Inc. of 153.9 million, or 3.25 per diluted share. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flows from operations, revolving credit agreements, and long-term debt funds available. The Company believes its capital resources and liquidity position at December 31, 2022 is adequate to meet projected needs for the foreseeable future. The Company expects that ongoing requirements for operations, capital expenditures, pension obligations, dividends, share repurchases, and debt service will be adequately funded from cash on hand, operations, and existing credit agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a 350.0 million revolving credit facility. The facility is scheduled to mature on May 13, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 223.2 million borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement as 4.0 million in letters of commercial and standby letters of credit were outstanding and undrawn and 122.8 million in revolver borrowings were drawn and outstanding, which were primarily used for funding working capital requirements. 
 In addition, the Company maintains an uncommitted and unsecured private shelf agreement with NYL Investors LLC, an affiliate of New York Life, and each of the undersigned holders of Notes (the "New York Life Agreement") with a remaining borrowing capacity of 125.0 million as of December 31, 2022. The New York Life Agreement matures on July 30, 2024. The Company also has other long-term debt borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022. See Note 10 - Debt for additional specifics regarding these obligations and future maturities. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 43.4 million of cash and cash equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions, which the Company intends to use to fund foreign operations. There is currently no need to repatriate these funds in order to meet domestic funding obligations or scheduled cash distributions. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities 101.7 129.8 Cash flows from investing activities (43.1) (264.8) Cash flows from financing activities (48.5) 50.9 Impact of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (4.9) (6.1) Change in cash and cash equivalents 5.2 (90.2) 

17 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 2022 vs 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 101.7 million for 2022 compared to 129.8 million for 2021. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to increased working capital requirements in support of higher revenues. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 43.1 million in 2022 compared to 264.8 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreased acquisition activity in 2022. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 Net cash used by financing activities was 48.5 million in 2022 compared to 50.9 million provided by financing activities in 2021. The change in financing cash flows was attributable to decreased net proceeds from debt and common stock issuances, increased stock repurchases, higher dividend payments and deferred payments related to acquisitions. 
 
 AGGREGATE CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 The majority of the Company s contractual obligations to third parties relate to debt obligations. In addition, the Company has certain contractual obligations for future lease payments and purchase obligations. The payment schedule for these contractual obligations is as follows: 
 (In millions) More than Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 5 years Debt 216.2 126.8 77.8 2.9 8.7 Debt interest 19.9 9.4 8.2 1.3 1.0 Operating leases 52.9 17.1 20.5 10.6 4.7 Purchase obligations 12.8 12.8 Income Taxes-U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act transition tax 11.6 2.9 8.7 313.4 169.0 115.2 14.8 14.4 
 
 Interest payments on debt obligations are calculated for future periods using interest rates in effect at the end of 2022. Certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on interest rates or other factors or events. The projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company has pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations not included in the table above which will result in estimated future payments of approximately 0.8 million in 2023. In addition, due to the timing of funding in future periods being uncertain and dependent on future movements in interest rates, investment returns, changes in laws and regulations and other variables, the table above excludes the non-current liability of 24.9 million for cash outflows related to the Company's pension plans. 
 
 The Company also has unrecognized tax benefits, none of which are included in the table above. The unrecognized tax benefits of approximately 0.9 million have been recorded as liabilities and the Company is uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. Related to the unrecognized tax benefits, the Company has also recorded a liability for potential penalties and interest of 0.2 million. 
 
 ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2 - Accounting Pronouncements , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the sections entitled ""Adoption of New Accounting Standards" and "Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted", included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management evaluates estimates on an ongoing basis. Estimates are based on historical experience and on other 
 18 

assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. There were no material changes to estimates or methodologies used to develop those estimates in 2022. The Company s critical accounting estimates are identified below: 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 The Company uses certain estimates and judgments to value inventory. Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company reviews its inventories for excess or obsolete products or components. Based on an analysis of historical usage, management s evaluation of estimated future demand, market conditions, and alternative uses for possible excess or obsolete parts, carrying values are adjusted. The carrying value is reduced regularly to reflect the age and current anticipated product demand. If actual demand differs from the estimates, additional reductions would be necessary in the period such determination is made. Excess and obsolete inventory is periodically disposed of through sale to third parties, scrapping, or other means. 
 
 Business Combinations and Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 The Company follows the guidance under FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . The acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. The Company utilizes management estimates and an independent third-party valuation firm to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, including intangible assets, and liabilities assumed. The identifiable intangible assets acquired typically include customer relationships and trade names. Identifiable intangible assets are initially valued using a methodology commensurate with the intended use of the asset. The fair value of customer relationships is measured using the multi-period excess earnings method ("MPEEM"). The fair value of trade names is measured using a relief-from-royalty ("RFR") approach, which assumes the value of the trade name is the discounted amount of cash flows that would be paid to third parties had the Company not owned the trade name and instead licensed the trade name from another company. Higher royalty rates are assigned to premium brands within the marketplace based on name recognition and profitability, while other brands receive lower royalty rates. The basis for future sales projections for both the RFR and MPEEM are based on internal revenue forecasts which the Company believes represents reasonable market participant assumptions. The future cash flows are discounted using an applicable discount rate as well as any potential risk premium to reflect the inherent risk of holding a standalone intangible asset. The key uncertainties in the RFR and MPEEM calculations, as applicable, are the selection of an appropriate royalty rate, assumptions used in developing estimates of future cash flows, including revenue growth and expense forecasts, assumed customer attrition rates, as well as the perceived risk associated with those forecasts in determining the discount rate and risk premium. There is inherent uncertainty in forecasted future cash flows and therefore, actual results may differ and could result in subsequent impairment charges of acquired intangibles and/or goodwill. 
 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Asset and Goodwill Impairment Evaluation 
 According to FASB ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , intangible assets with indefinite lives must be tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently as warranted by triggering events that indicate potential impairment. The Company uses a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment assessments including income and market approaches. For indefinite-lived assets apart from goodwill, primarily trade names for the Company, if the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The Company has not made any material changes to the method of evaluating impairments during the last three years. 
 
 In compliance with FASB ASC Topic 350, goodwill is not amortized. Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level for impairment annually or more frequently as warranted by triggering events that indicate potential impairment. Reporting units are operating segments or one level below, known as components, which can be aggregated for testing purposes. The Company s goodwill is allocated to the Global Water Systems, Fueling Systems and Distribution reporting units. As the Company s business model evolves, management will continue to evaluate its reporting units and review the aggregation criteria. 
 
 In assessing the recoverability of goodwill, the Company determines the fair value of its reporting units by utilizing a combination of both the market value and income approaches. The market value approach compares the reporting units current and projected financial results to entities of similar size and industry to determine the market value of the reporting unit. The income approach utilizes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These cash flows consider factors regarding expected future operating income and historical trends, as well as the effects of demand and competition. The Company is required to record an impairment if these assumptions and estimates change whereby the fair value of the reporting units is below their associated carrying values. Goodwill included on the balance sheet as of the year ended December 31, 2022 was 328.0 million. 
 
 19 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names and determined the fair value of all intangibles were substantially in excess of the respective carrying values. Significant judgment is required to determine if an indication of impairment has taken place. Factors to be considered include the following: adverse changes in operating results, decline in strategic business plans, significantly lower future cash flows, and sustainable declines in market data such as market capitalization. A 10 percent decrease in the fair value estimates used in the impairment tests would not have changed this determination. The sensitivity analysis required the use of numerous subjective assumptions, which, if actual experience varies, could result in material differences in the requirements for impairment charges. Further, an extended downturn in the economy may impact certain components of the operating segments more significantly and could result in changes to the aggregation assumptions and impairment determination. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Under the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , the Company records deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company analyzes the deferred tax assets and liabilities for their future realization based on the estimated existence of sufficient taxable income. This analysis considers the following sources of taxable income: prior year taxable income, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and tax planning strategies that would generate taxable income in the relevant period. If sufficient taxable income is not projected then the Company will record a valuation allowance against the relevant deferred tax assets. 
 
 The Company s operations involve dealing with uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations in multiple jurisdictions. These jurisdictions have different tax rates, and the Company determines the allocation of income to each of these jurisdictions based upon various estimates and assumptions. In the normal course of business, the Company will undergo tax audits by various tax jurisdictions. Such audits often require an extended period of time to complete and may result in income tax adjustments if changes to the allocation are required between jurisdictions with different tax rates. The final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities in the various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state, and international tax audits. Although the Company has recorded all income tax uncertainties in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740, these accruals represent estimates that are subject to the inherent uncertainties associated with the tax audit process. Management judgment is required in determining the Company s provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, which, if actual experience varies, could result in material adjustments to tax expense and/or deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Pension and Employee Benefit Obligations 
 The Company consults with its actuaries to assist with the calculation of discount rates used in its pension and post retirement plans. The discount rates used to determine domestic pension and post-retirement plan liabilities are calculated using a full yield curve approach. Market conditions have caused the weighted-average discount rate to move from 2.68 percent last year to 5.15 percent this year for the domestic pension plans and from 2.57 percent last year to 5.08 percent this year for the postretirement health and life insurance plan. A change in the discount rate selected by the Company of 25 basis points would result in a change of about 0.1 million to employee benefit expense and a change of about 3.7 million of liability. 
 
 The Company consults with actuaries and investment advisors in making its determination of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Using input from these consultations such as long-term investment sector expected returns, the correlations and standard deviations thereof, and the plan asset allocation, the Company will use an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 5.70 percent in measuring net periodic cost for 2023. Market conditions have caused the expected long-term rate or return to increase from 4.50 percent as used in measuring net periodic cost for 2022. A change in the long-term rate of return selected by the Company of 25 basis points would result in a change of about 0.3 million of employee benefit expense. 
 
 FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information, such as statements about the Company s financial goals, acquisition strategies, financial expectations including anticipated revenue or expense levels, business prospects, market positioning, product development, manufacturing re-alignment, capital expenditures, tax benefits and expenses, and the effect of contingencies or changes in accounting policies. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may increase, may fluctuate, plan, goal, target, strategy, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would, and could. While the Company believes that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are reasonable based on present conditions, forward-looking statements made by the Company involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those forward-looking statements as a result of 
 20 

various factors, including general economic and currency conditions, various conditions specific to the Company s business and industry, new housing starts, weather conditions, epidemics and pandemics, market demand, competitive factors, changes in distribution channels, supply constraints, effect of price increases, raw material costs, technology factors, integration of acquisitions, litigation, government and regulatory actions, the Company s accounting policies, and other risks, all as described in Item 1A and Exhibit 99.1 of this Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based upon information presently available. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking information, except as required by law. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The Company is subject to market risk associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. These exposures are actively monitored by management. Exposure to foreign exchange rate risk is due to certain costs, revenue and borrowings being denominated in currencies other than one of the Company s subsidiaries functional currency. Similarly, the Company is exposed to market risk as the result of changes in interest rates which may affect the cost of financing. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk is mitigated through several means including maintenance of local production facilities in the markets served, invoicing of customers in the currency which the Company is billed for production inputs, prompt settlement of third party and intercompany balances, limited use of foreign currency denominated debt, maintaining minimal foreign currency denominated cash balances, and application of derivative instruments when appropriate. Based on the 2022 mix of foreign currencies, the Company estimates that a hypothetical strengthening of the US Dollar by about 2 percent would have reduced the Company s 2022 sales by about 1 percent. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had a notional amount of 10.3 million in forward currency contracts outstanding. The impact of a 10 percent movement in foreign exchange rates would not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The results of operations are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily with respect to borrowings under the Company s revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). Borrowings in USD under the Credit Agreement may be made either at (i) a Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Term Benchmark plus an applicable margin or (ii) an alternative base rate as defined in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings in EUR under the Credit Agreement may be made either at (i) a Euro Interbank Offer Rate (EURIBOR) Term Benchmark plus an applicable margin or (ii) an alternative base rate as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Company had 122.8 borrowings at year-end 2022 under the Credit Agreement. The Company estimates that a hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would have increased interest expense by 1.0 million during 2022. The Company also has exposure to changes in interest rates in the form of the fair value of outstanding fixed rate debt fluctuating in response to changing interest rates. 
 
 One-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors were phased out by the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration effective December 31, 2021. All other US LIBOR tenors are scheduled to cease after June 30, 2023. The United States, using the analysis performed by the ARRC (Alternative Reference Rates Committee), elected the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury Securities. The New York Fed commenced publishing the SOFR rate daily beginning April 3, 2018. 
 
 Commodity Price Exposures 
 Portions of the Company s business are exposed to volatility in the prices of certain commodities, such as copper, steel and aluminum, among others. The primary exposure to this volatility resides with the use of these materials in purchased component parts. The Company generally maintains long-term fixed price contracts on raw materials and component parts; however, the Company is prone to exposure as these contracts expire. Based on the 2022 use of commodities, the Company estimates that a hypothetical 10 percent adverse movement in prices for raw metal commodities would result in about a 1 percent decrease of gross margin as a percent of net sales. 
 
 21 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Restructuring expense Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income/(expense), net ) ) Foreign exchange income/(expense) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Employee benefit plan activity: Net gain/(loss) arising during period ) Amortization arising during period Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Income tax benefit/(expense) related to items of other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

22 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories: Raw material Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, at cost: Land and buildings Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Other Property, plant, and equipment, gross Less: Allowance for depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net Lease right-of-use assets, net Deferred income taxes Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current lease liability Income taxes Current maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term lease liability Income taxes payable non-current Deferred income taxes Employee benefit plans Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 16) Redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Shareholders equity: Common stock shares authorized, par value) outstanding and , respectively) 
 Additional capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 23 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) (Gain)/Loss on disposals of plant and equipment ) Gain from bargain purchase of business ) Foreign exchange (income)/expense Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Receivables ) ) Inventory ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Operating leases ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) Income taxes-U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ) Employee benefit plans Other, net ) ) Net cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash flows from investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Purchases of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Deferred payments for acquisitions ) Net cash flows from financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Cash paid for interest Non-cash items: Additions to property, plant, and equipment, not yet paid Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Payable to sellers of acquired entities Payable for share repurchases 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

24 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY Total Shareholders Equity (In thousands) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Noncontrolling Interest Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Balance as of year-end 2019 
 ) ) Net Income ) Currency translation adjustment ) Pension and other post retirement plans, net of tax benefit 
 ) Dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) Noncontrolling Dividend ) Common stock issued Share based compensation Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Balance as of year-end 2020 
 ) ) Net Income Currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension and other post retirement plans, net of tax expense 
 Dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) Noncontrolling Dividend ) Common stock issued Share based compensation Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Balance as of year-end 2021 
 ) ) Net Income Currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension and other post retirement plans, net of tax expense 
 Dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) Noncontrolling Dividend ) Common stock issued Share based compensation Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Balance as of year-end 2022 
 ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 25 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Number Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 27 
 Note 2. Accounting Pronouncements 
 30 
 Note 3. Acquisition s 
 31 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements 
 33 
 Note 5. Financial Instruments 
 33 
 Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 34 
 Note 7. Employee Benefit Plans 
 34 
 Note 8. Accrued Expense and Other Current Liabilities 
 39 
 Note 9. Income Taxes 
 39 
 Note 10. Debt 
 42 
 Note 11. Shareholders' Equity 
 43 
 Note 12. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 44 
 Note 13. Earnings per Share 
 44 
 Note 14. Share-Based Compensation 
 45 
 Note 15. Segment and Geographic Information 
 47 
 Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies 
 49 

26 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 related to research and development. 

27 

- years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Software - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 

Maintenance, repairs, and renewals of a minor nature are expensed as incurred. Betterments and major renewals which extend the useful lives or add to the productive capacity of buildings, improvements, and equipment are capitalized. The Company reviews its property, plant, and equipment for impairment at the asset group level whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If an indicator is present, the Company compares carrying values to undiscounted future cash flows; if the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment would be recognized for the difference between the fair value and the carrying value. 
 
 The Company s depreciation expense was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

28 

- years 
 Patents years Technology years Trade names - years 
 Other - years 

years to years from the date of manufacture or year to years from the date of installation. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold or when specific warranty issues are identified. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency, and average cost of warranty claims. The Company actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes actions to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. 

29 

2. 
 30 

3. 
 percent of the ownership interests of Casper Well Products ("Casper") for a purchase price of million after working capital adjustments. Casper conducts the sale and distribution of pumps, drilling equipment, tanks, pipe, accessories and other equipment used in drilling water wells and distribution of water-related products. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has not presented separate results of operations of the acquired company since the closing of the acquisition or combined pro forma financial information of the Company and the acquired interest since the beginning of 2021, as the results of operations for this acquisition are immaterial. 
 
 2021 
 During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired percent of the ownership interests of B R Industries, Inc. ("B R"), a water treatment equipment provider located in Mesa, Arizona, for a cash purchase price of million after purchase price adjustments based on the level of working capital acquired. B R will be included as part of the Water Systems segment of the Company. The Company also acquired, in a separate transaction, percent of the ownership interests of Blake Group Holdings, Inc. ("Blake"), a professional groundwater distributor operating in the northeast United States for a cash purchase price of million after purchase price adjustments based on the level of working capital acquired. Blake is included as part of the Distribution segment of the Company. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for both acquisitions were considered final as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the third quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company acquired percent of the ownership interests of Minetuff Dewatering Pumps Australia Pty Ltd ("Minetuff") for a cash purchase price of million after purchase price adjustments based on the level of working capital acquired. Minetuff manufactures and sells submersible pumps, spare parts, and accessories to the mining industry and expands the Company s existing product offerings and channel access in the Water Systems segment. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the acquisition were considered final as of September 30, 2022. 
 
 During the second quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company acquired, in separate transactions, percent of the ownership interests of Puronics, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ("Puronics"), headquartered in Livermore, California, and percent of the ownership interests of New Aqua, LLC ("New Aqua") and its wholly owned subsidiaries, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Both Puronics and New Aqua are water treatment equipment providers and are included as a part of the Water Systems segment of the Company. In a separate transaction during the second quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company acquired all of the assets of Power Integrity Services, LLC, a North Carolina-based company, which is included in the Fueling Systems segment of the Company. 
 
 In another separate transaction during the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company acquired all of the assets of Atlantic Turbine Pump, LLC, a Georgia-based company, which is included in the Distribution segment of the Company. The Company recorded fair values that exceeded the acquisition price by million, representing a bargain purchase gain due to favorable market conditions that was recorded within the "Other income/(expense), net" line in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The combined, all-cash purchase price for all acquisitions in the second quarter of 2021 was million after purchase price adjustments based on the level of working capital acquired. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all acquisitions were considered final as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 31 

million and consist primarily of customer relationships and trade names from New Aqua of million. The intangible assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over - years. 
 
 The goodwill of million resulting from the acquisitions in 2021 consists primarily of expanded geographical presence and product channel expansion. Goodwill deductible for tax purposes is million from the acquisitions in 2021. Goodwill was recorded in the Water Systems, Fueling Systems, and Distribution segments (see Note 6 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets). 
 
 Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities Less: Bargain purchase gain Total consideration paid 
 
 For all acquisitions in 2021, aggregated annual revenue for the full year 2020 was million, which would be incremental to the Company's revenue had the acquisitions occurred on the first day of 2020. Since acquisition in 2021, aggregate revenue was million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has not presented separate results of operations since closing or combined pro forma financial information of the Company and the acquired interest since the beginning of 2020, as the results of operations for all acquisitions is immaterial to the Company's consolidated financials. 
 
 2020 
 During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2020, the Company acquired percent of the ownership interests of Gicon Pumps Equipment, Inc., a professional groundwater distributor operating seven locations in the state of Texas for a purchase price of million after working capital adjustments. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeded the purchase price by million, representing a bargain purchase gain. This gain was attributable to favorable market conditions and is recorded within the "Other income/(expense), net" line in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. In a separate transaction during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2020, the Company acquired percent of the ownership interests in Waterite Inc. and its affiliate Waterite America Inc., headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, for a purchase price of million after working capital adjustments. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for both acquisitions were considered final as of December 31, 2021. In addition, the Company has not presented separate results of operations of the acquired companies since closing or combined pro forma financial information of the Company and the acquired interests since the beginning of 2020, as the results of operations for both acquisitions are immaterial to the Company's consolidated financials. 
 
 During the first quarter ended March 31, 2020, the Company acquired all of the assets of a company that manufactures line shaft turbines and other adjacent product lines for a purchase price of million after working capital adjustments. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were considered final as of March 31, 2021. In addition, the Company has not presented separate results of operations of the acquired company since closing or combined pro forma financial information of the Company and the acquired interest since the beginning of 2020, as the results of operations for this acquisition is immaterial. 
 
 The identifiable intangible assets recognized in the separate transactions in 2020 were million, and consist primarily of customer relationships, which are being amortized utilizing the straight-line method over years. 
 
 The goodwill of million resulting from the separate acquisitions in 2020 consists primarily of the benefits of complementary product offerings and expanded geographical presence. Goodwill was recorded in the Water segment, and only a portion million) is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 32 

million, million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

4. 
 Total assets Liabilities: Share swap transaction Total liabilities December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Cash equivalents Share swap transaction Total assets 
 
 The Company s Level 1 cash equivalents assets are generally comprised of foreign bank guaranteed certificates of deposit and short term deposits. The share swap transaction is recorded within the "Accounts Payable" and "Receivables" lines of the consolidated balance sheets and is further described in Note 5 - Financial Instruments. The Company has no assets measured on a recurring basis classified as Level 2 or Level 3 excluding the recurring fair value measurements in the Company's pension and other retirement plans as discussed in Note 7 - Employee Benefit Plans. 
 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of all debt was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In the absence of quoted prices in active markets, considerable judgment is required in developing estimates of fair value. Estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market transaction. In determining the fair value of its debt, the Company uses estimates based on rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. Accordingly, the fair value of debt is classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. 

5. 
 days written notice by either party. As of December 31, 2022, the swap had a notional value based on shares. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the swap resulted in a loss of million, a gain of million, and a gain of million, respectively. Gains and losses resulting from the swap were primarily offset by gains and losses on the fair value of the deferred compensation stock liability. All gains or losses and expenses related to the swap are recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of income within the Selling, general, and administrative expenses line. 
 
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business including making sales and purchases of raw materials and finished goods in foreign denominated currencies with third party 
 33 

million in forward currency contracts outstanding and the related fair value of those contracts was not material. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the forward currency contracts resulted in a gain of million, respectively. This is recorded in the Company's consolidated statements of income within the "Foreign exchange income/(expense)" line. 

6. 
 ) ) Patents ) ) Technology ) ) Trade names ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Unamortizing intangibles: Trade names Total intangibles ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Acquisitions Adjustments to prior year acquisitions ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Adjustments to prior year acquisitions ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

7. 
 domestic pension plans and German pension plans. The Company used a December 31, 2022 measurement date for these plans. One of the Company s domestic pension plans covers one active management employee, while the other domestic plan covers all eligible employees. Both 
 34 

domestic and German plans collectively comprise the Pension Benefits disclosure caption. 
 
 Other Benefits - The Company s other post-retirement benefit plan provides health and life insurance to domestic employees hired prior to 1992. The Company effectively capped its cost for those benefits through plan amendments made in 1992, freezing Company contributions for insurance benefits at 1991 levels for current and future beneficiaries with actuarially reduced benefits for employees who retire before age . The disclosures surrounding this plan are reflected in the Other Benefits caption. 
 
 Change in projected benefit obligation: Benefit obligation, beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain)/loss ) ) ) ) Settlements paid ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange ) ) Benefit obligation, end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of assets, beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Company contributions Settlements paid ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange ) ) Plan assets, end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in balance sheet: Non current assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non current liabilities ) ) ) ) Net liability, end of year ) ) ) ) Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss): Prior service cost Net actuarial loss ) Settlement Total recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) 
 
 35 

million and million, respectively and as of December 31, 2021, was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of plan assets related to the accumulated benefit obligation and benefit obligation was million and million, respectively. ) ) ) Amortization of: Net actuarial loss ) ) ) ) Prior service credit Settlement recognition ) Deferred tax asset Foreign currency exchange ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) 
 
 The increased discount rate is the largest contributor to the net actuarial gains affecting the benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans. 
 
 Rate of increase in future compensation - 
 (Graded) 
 - 
 (Graded) 

No rate of increases in future compensation were used in the assumptions for 2022 and 2021, as the cash balance component of the domestic Pension Plan was frozen and the other domestic Pension Plan components do not base benefits on compensation. The weighted-average interest crediting rate of the cash balance component of the domestic Pension Plan was percent for 2022, 2021, and 2020 and is based on the approximate 30-year Treasury rate as of November of the prior year with a minimum of 4.5 percent. 
 
 Assumptions used to determine domestic periodic benefit cost: 
 Pension Benefits Other Benefits 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Rate of increase in future compensation - 
 (Graded) 
 - 
 (Graded) 
 - 
 (Graded) 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 
 No rate of increases in future compensation were used in the assumptions for 2022, 2021, and 2020, as the cash balance component of the domestic Pension Plan was frozen and the other domestic Pension Plan components do not base benefits on compensation. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used the PRI-2012 aggregate mortality table, and then projected forward from 2012 using Scale MP-2021 released by the Society of Actuaries during 2021 to estimate future mortality rates based upon current data. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company used the PRI-2012 aggregate mortality table, and then projected forward from 2012 using Scale MP-2020 released by the Society of Actuaries during 2020 to estimate future mortality rates based upon current data. 
 
 36 

Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of: Transition obligation Settlement cost Prior service cost Actuarial loss Settlement cost Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 The Company consults with a third party investment manager for the assets of the funded domestic defined benefit plan. The plan assets are currently invested primarily in pooled funds, where each fund in turn is composed of mutual funds that have at least daily net asset valuations. Thus, the Company s funded domestic defined benefit plan assets are invested in a fund of funds approach. 
 
 The Company s Board has delegated oversight and guidance to an appointed Employee Benefits Committee. The Committee has the tasks of reviewing plan performance and asset allocation, ensuring plan compliance with applicable laws, establishing plan policies, procedures, and controls, monitoring expenses, and other related activities. 
 
 The plan s investment policies and strategies focus on the ability to fund benefit obligations as they come due. Considerations include the plan s current funded level, plan design, benefit payment assumptions, funding regulations, impact of potentially volatile business results on the Company s ability to make certain levels of contributions, and interest rate and asset return volatility among other considerations. The Company currently attempts to maintain plan funded status at approximately percent or greater pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2007. Given the plan s current funded status, the Company s cash on hand, cash historically generated from business operations, and cash available under committed credit facilities, the Company sees ample liquidity to achieve this goal. 
 
 Risk management and continuous monitoring requirements are met through monthly investment portfolio reports, quarterly Employee Benefits Committee meetings, annual valuations, asset/liability studies, and the annual assumption process focusing primarily on the return on asset assumption and the discount rate assumption. 
 Fixed income securities Other Total 
 
 The Company does not see any particular concentration of risk within the plans, nor any plan assets that pose difficulties for fair value assessment. The Company currently has no allocation to potentially illiquid or potentially difficult to value assets such as hedge funds, venture capital, private equity, and real estate. 
 
 The Company works with actuaries and consultants in making its determination of the asset rate of return assumption and also the discount rate assumption. 
 
 Asset class assumptions are set using a combination of empirical and forward-looking analysis for long-term rate of return on plan assets. A variety of models are applied for filtering historical data and isolating the fundamental characteristics of asset 
 37 

percent for the 2023 net periodic benefit cost, up from percent in the prior year. 
 
 The Company uses the Aon Hewitt AA Above Median curve to determine the discount rate. All cash flow obligations under the plan are matched to bonds in the Aon Hewitt universe of liquid, high-quality, non-callable / non-puttable corporate bonds with outliers removed. From that matching exercise, a discount rate is determined. 
 
 The Company s German pension plans are funded by insurance contract policies whereby the insurance company guarantees a fixed minimum return. Due to tax legislation, individual pension benefits can only be financed using direct insurance policies up to certain maximums. These maximum amounts in respect of each member are paid into such an arrangement on a yearly basis. 
 
 The Company designated all equity and most domestic fixed income plan assets as Level 1, as they are mutual funds with prices that are readily available. The U.S. Treasury securities and German plan assets are designated as Level 2 inputs. The fair value of the German plan assets are measured by the reserve that is supervised by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. The U.S. Treasury securities are administered by the United States government. 
 
 The fair values of the Company s pension plan assets for 2022 and 2021 by asset category are as follows: 
 (In millions) 2022 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Equity International equity mutual funds Fixed income U.S. treasury and government agency securities Fixed income mutual funds Other Insurance contracts Cash and equivalents Total 
 (In millions) 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Equity International equity mutual funds Fixed income U.S. treasury and government agency securities Fixed income mutual funds Other Insurance contracts Cash and equivalents Total 
 
 The Company estimates total contributions to the plans of about million in 2023. 
 
 38 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 through 2032 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans - The Company maintained two defined contribution plans during 2022, 2021, and 2020. The Company s cash contributions are allocated to participant s accounts based on investment elections. 

8. 
 Product warranty costs Insurance Employee benefits Other 
 
 9. 
 Foreign 
 
 Foreign State Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State ) Total deferred ) ) 

39 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign operations ) R D tax credits ) ) ) Uncertain tax position adjustments Valuation allowance on state and foreign deferred tax ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) Realized foreign currency loss ) Other items ) ) Foreign Derived Intangible Income ) ) ) Nondeductible officers compensation Effective tax rate 
 
 The effective tax rate continues to be lower than the statutory rate of percent primarily due to the recognition of the U.S. foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) provisions, certain incentives, and discrete events partially offset by state taxes. 
 
 The Company recorded discrete excess tax benefits from share-based compensation of million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2020, the Company realized a foreign currency translation loss on the second quarter settlement of a discrete intercompany loan that was long-term-investment in nature resulting in a tax benefit of million. The Company also recorded net million of expense for valuation allowances on deferred tax assets in foreign jurisdictions to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 
 
 Compensation and employee benefits Net operating losses, tax credit carryforwards, and other Lease liability Valuation allowance on state and foreign deferred tax ) ) Other items Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Accelerated depreciation on fixed assets Amortization of intangibles Lease right-of-use asset, net Other items Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss for certain state and foreign income tax purposes incurred over the 3-year period ended December 31, 2022. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as the Company's projections for future growth. 
 
 40 

million has been recorded to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. million and state income tax NOL and credit carryforwards of million, which will expire on various dates as follows: 
 2025-2029 2030-2034 2035-2039 Unlimited 
 
 The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain foreign NOL carryforwards as well as certain state credit carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Company has provided a valuation allowance of million on the deferred tax assets related to these foreign NOL carryforwards and a valuation allowance of million on the deferred tax assets related to these state credit carryforwards. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has estimated accumulated undistributed earnings generated by the Company's foreign subsidiaries of approximately million. Any taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of its foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign and state taxes. The Company intends, however, to indefinitely reinvest these earnings and expects future U.S. cash generation to be sufficient to meet future U.S. cash needs. The Company, therefore, has not recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately million. 
 
 million, excluding accrued interest and penalties. The unrecognized tax benefits increased due to uncertain tax positions identified in the current year based on evaluations made during 2022, which were offset by statute expirations. The Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued interest and penalties, of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for 2022, 2021, and 2020 (excluding interest and penalties) is as follows: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Beginning balance Additions for tax positions of the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Statute expirations ) ) Settlements Ending balance 
 
 If recognized, each annual effective tax rate would be affected by the net unrecognized tax benefits of million, million, and million as of year-end 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company has accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020 of approximately million, million, and less than million, respectively. 
 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various state and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019 and is no longer subject to foreign or state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2017. 
 
 million. 
 
 41 

10. 
 Credit Agreement Tax increment financing debt Foreign subsidiary debt Other Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 

New York Life Agreement 
 On May 27, 2015, the Company entered into an uncommitted and unsecured private shelf agreement with NYL Investors LLC, an affiliate of New York Life, and each of the undersigned holders of Notes (the New York Life Agreement for million maximum aggregate principal borrowing capacity. On October 28, 2016, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement. The Amendment was intended to make the covenants within the New York Life Agreement consistent with the covenants that were modified in the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). On September 26, 2018, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement which increased the aggregate borrowing capacity to million and authorized the issuance of million of fixed rate senior noted due September 26, 2025. These senior notes bear an interest rate of percent with interest-only payments due semi-annually. The proceeds from the issuance of the notes were used to pay off existing variable rate indebtedness with New York Life. On July 30, 2021, the New York Life agreement was renewed and expires on July 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of remaining borrowing capacity under the New York Life Agreement. 
 
 Project Bonds 
 On December 31, 2012, the Company, Allen County, Indiana and certain institutional investors entered into a Bond Purchase and Loan Agreement. Under the agreement, Allen County, Indiana issued a series of Project Bonds entitled Taxable Economic Development Bonds, Series 2012 (Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Project). The aggregate principal amount of the Project Bonds that were issued, authenticated, and are now outstanding thereunder was limited to million. The Company then borrowed the proceeds under the Project Bonds through the issuance of Project Notes to finance the cost of acquisition, construction, installation and equipping of the new Global Corporate Headquarters and Engineering Center. These Project Notes Tax increment financing debt bear interest at percent per annum. Interest and principal balance of the Project Notes are due and payable by the Company directly to the institutional investors in aggregate semi-annual installments commencing on July 10, 2013, and concluding on January 10, 2033. The use of the proceeds from the Project Notes was limited to assist the financing of the new Global Corporate Headquarters and Engineering Center. On May 5, 2015, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Bond Purchase and Loan Agreement. This amendment provided for debt repayment guarantees from certain Company subsidiaries and waived certain non-financial covenants related to subsidiary guarantees. 
 
 Prudential Agreement 
 On April 9, 2007, the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement (the Prudential Agreement in the amount of million. Under the Prudential Agreement, the Company issued notes in an aggregate principal amount of million on April 30, 2007 (the B-1 Notes and million on September 7, 2007 (the B-2 Notes ). The B-1 Notes and B-2 Notes bear a coupon of percent and had, at issuance, an average life of years with a final maturity in 2019. On July 22, 2010, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Prudential Agreement to increase its borrowing capacity by million. On December 14, 2011, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement to redefine the debt to EBITDA ratio covenant in order to be equivalent to that under the Agreement. On December 31, 2012, the Company and Prudential Insurance Company of 
 42 

million to million. On October 28, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement. This amendment was intended to make the covenants within the Prudential Agreement consistent with the covenants that were modified in the Credit Agreement (below). On July 30, 2021, the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, which reduced the borrowing capacity to million and expires on July 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million borrowing capacity available under the Prudential Agreement. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 On May 13, 2021, the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement extended the maturity date of the Company s previous credit agreement to May 13, 2026, and decreased the commitment amount from million to million. On May 11, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 that increased the commitment amount from million to million. The Credit Agreement provides that the Borrowers may request an increase in the aggregate commitments by up to million (not to exceed a total commitment of million) subject to the conditions contained therein. All of the Company s present and future material domestic subsidiaries unconditionally guaranty all of the Borrowers obligations under and in connection with the Credit Agreement. Additionally, the Company unconditionally guaranties all of the obligations of Franklin Electric B.V. under the Credit Agreement. Under the Credit Agreement, the Borrowers are required to pay certain fees, including a facility fee of percent to percent (depending on the Company s leverage ratio) of the aggregate commitment, payable quarterly in arrears. USD loans may be made either at (i) a Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Term Benchmark, with a floor, plus an applicable margin of percent to percent (depending on the Company's leverage ratio) or (ii) an alternative base rate as defined in the Credit Agreement. EUR loans may be made in Euro Interbank Offer Rate (EURIBOR) Term Benchmark, with a floor, plus an applicable margin of percent to percent (depending on the Company s leverage ratio) or (ii) an alternative base rate as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million outstanding borrowings with a weighted-average interest rate of percent, million in letters of credit outstanding, and million of available capacity under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million outstanding borrowings, million in letters of credit outstanding, and million of available capacity under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company also has lines of credit for certain subsidiaries with various expiration dates. The aggregate maximum borrowing capacity of these overdraft lines of credits is million. As of December 31, 2022, there were million of outstanding borrowings and million of available capacity under these lines of credit. As of December 31, 2021, there were million overdraft lines of credit with outstanding borrowings and million of available capacity under these lines of credit. 
 
 Covenants 
 to and a minimum interest coverage ratio of to . Cross default is applicable with the Credit Agreement, the Prudential Agreement, the Project Bonds, and the New York Life Agreement, but only if the Company is defaulting on an obligation exceeding million. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. 

11. 
 , par value common shares. 
 
 The Company also has the authority to issue preference shares with no par value and preferred shares with no par value. No preference or preferred shares have been issued. 
 43 

Shares 
 
 The Company retired shares in the amount of , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, that were received from employees as payment for the exercise price of their stock options and taxes owed upon the exercise of their stock options and release of their restricted awards. The Company also retired shares in the amount of , , and , in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively that had been previously granted as stock awards to employees but were forfeited upon not meeting the required restriction criteria or termination. 

12.) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (1)(2) 
 ) ) Net other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (1)(2) 
 Net other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (1)(2) 
 Net other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 
 (1) This accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) component is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (refer to Note 7 - Employee Benefit Plans for additional details) and is included in the Other income/(expense), net line of the Company s consolidated statements of income. 
 
 (2) Net of tax (benefit)/expense of million, million and ) million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

13. 
 
 44 

Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities Net income available to common shareholders Denominator: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Non-participating employee stock options, performance awards, and deferred shares to non-employee directors Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 million, million, and million stock options outstanding as of 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, that were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

14. 
 . Stock options and SARs reduce the number of available shares by share for each share subject to the option or SAR, and stock awards and stock unit awards settled in shares reduce the number of available shares by shares for every one share delivered. 
 
 The Company also maintains the Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 2012 Stock Plan (the 2012 Stock Plan ), which is a share-based compensation plan that provides for discretionary grants of stock options, stock awards and stock unit awards to key employees and non-employee directors. 
 
 shares for issuance as follows: 
 2012 Stock Plan Authorized Shares Stock Options Stock/Stock Unit Awards 
 
 No additional options and awards are granted out of the 2012 Stock Plan. However, there are still unvested awards and unexercised options under this plan. 
 
 The Company also maintains the Amended and Restated Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Stock Plan (the 2009 Stock Plan which, as amended in 2009, provided for discretionary grants of stock options and stock awards. The 2009 Stock Plan authorized shares for issuance as follows: 
 2009 Stock Plan Authorized Shares Stock Options Stock Awards 
 
 All options in the 2009 Stock Plan have been awarded and no additional awards are granted out of the plan. 
 
 The Company currently issues new shares from its common stock balance to satisfy option exercises and the settlement of stock awards and stock unit awards made under the outstanding stock plans. 
 
 The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense only for the portion of shares that it expects to vest. As such, an estimated forfeiture rate is applied to calculate the stock-based compensation expense, which is based on historical forfeiture 
 45 

million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options: 
 Under the above plans, the exercise price of each option equals the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and the options expire years after the date of the grant. Options vest at percent a year and become fully vested and fully exercisable after years. Vesting is accelerated upon death or disability. Subject to the terms of the plans, in general, the aggregate option exercise price and any applicable tax withholding may be satisfied in cash or its equivalent, by the plan participant s delivery of shares of the Company s common stock having a fair market value at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate option exercise price and/or the applicable tax withholding or by having shares otherwise subject to the award withheld by the Company or via cashless exercise through a broker-dealer. 
 
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with a single approach and amortized using a straight-line attribution method over the option s vesting period. Options granted to retirement eligible employees are immediately expensed. The Company uses historical data to estimate the expected volatility of its stock, the weighted average expected life, the period of time options granted are expected to be outstanding, and its dividend yield. The risk-free rates for periods within the contractual life of the option are based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 
 
 Dividend yield Volatility factor Expected term years years years Weighted average grant-date fair value of options 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at end of 2022 
 years Expected to vest after applying forfeiture rate years Vested and exercisable at end of period years 
 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Intrinsic value of options exercised Cash received from the exercise of options Fair value of shares vested Tax benefit of options exercised 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the stock plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock/Stock Unit Awards: 
 Under the 2017 Stock Plan, non-employee directors and employees may be granted stock awards and stock units. Stock awards to non-employee directors are generally fully vested when made. Stock/stock unit awards to employees cliff vest over years 
 46 

Awarded Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at end of 2022 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock/stock unit awards granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020, is , , and , respectively. The fair value of restricted stock/stock unit awards that vested in 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock/stock unit awards granted under the stock plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

15. 

47 

Latin America Europe, Middle East Africa Asia Pacific Intersegment sales United States Canada Total sales Distribution External sales United States Canada Intersegment sales Total sales Fueling Systems External sales United States Canada All other Intersegment sales Total Sales Intersegment Eliminations/Other ) ) ) Consolidated Operating income (loss) 2022 2021 2020 Water Systems Distribution Fueling Systems Intersegment Eliminations/Other ) ) ) Consolidated 
 48 

Distribution Fueling Systems Other Consolidated Amortization Capital expenditures 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Water Systems Distribution Fueling Systems Other Consolidated 
 
 Cash and property, plant and equipment are the major asset groups in Other of total assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 Foreign Consolidated 
 
 Net sales are attributed to geographic regions based upon the ship to location of the customer. Long-lived assets are attributed to geographic regions based upon the country of domicile. 
 
 The Company offers a large array of products and systems to multiple markets and customers. Product sales information is tracked regionally and products are categorized differently between regions based on local needs and reporting requirements. However, net sales by segment are representative of the Company s sales by major product category. The Company sells its products through various distribution channels including wholesale and retail distributors, specialty distributors, industrial and petroleum equipment distributors, as well as major oil and utility companies and original equipment manufacturers. 
 
 No single customer accounted for more than 10 percent of the Company s consolidated sales in 2022, 2021, or 2020. No single customer accounted for more than 10 percent of the Company s gross accounts receivable in 2022 or 2021. 

16. 
 million Euro. It is the Company s position that its products were not the cause of any alleged damage. The Company submitted its response to the expert's final report in February 2023. The Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this matter. Any exposure related to this matter is neither probable nor estimable at this time. If payments result from a resolution of this matter, depending on the amount, they could have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 The Company is defending other various claims and legal actions which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, based on current knowledge of the facts and after discussion with counsel, these claims and legal 
 49 

million of commitments primarily for capital expenditures and the purchase of raw materials to be used in production. 
 
 Accruals related to product warranties Additions related to acquisitions Reductions for payments made ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company maintains certain warehouses, distribution centers, office space, and equipment operating leases. The Company also has lease agreements that are classified as financing. However, these financing leases are immaterial to the Company. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Other Information: Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 The Company has entered into lease agreements with aggregate future minimum payments of approximately million that have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Less: Imputed Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 
 Fort Wayne, Indiana 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and Schedule II at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Income Taxes Uncertain Tax Positions Refer to Notes 1 and 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company has a complex legal structure involving numerous domestic and foreign locations with constantly changing tax laws and regulations. The Company s management is required to interpret and apply these tax laws and regulations in determining the amount of its income tax liability and provision. When an uncertain tax position is identified by management, the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely to be sustained than not on the basis of its technical merits. In evaluating the tax benefits associated with the various tax filing positions, the Company records a tax benefit for uncertain tax positions using the highest cumulative tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. The evaluation of each uncertain tax position requires management to apply specialized skill, knowledge, and significant judgment related to the identified position. This significant judgment includes determining the correct value of the unrecognized tax benefit based on the selected method of measurement, data, and assumptions determined by management. 
 
 Because of the numerous taxing jurisdictions in which the Company files its tax returns and the complexity of tax laws and regulations, auditing uncertain tax positions and the determination of whether the more likely than not threshold was met requires a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of effort, including the involvement of our income tax specialists. 
 51 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to unrecognized tax benefits included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over income taxes, including those over identifying uncertain tax positions. 
 We evaluated, with the assistance of our tax specialists, a selection of underlying tax positions to evaluate the more likely than not principle as it applied to the specific underlying tax position. 
 We evaluated, with the assistance of our tax specialists, the Company s unrecognized tax positions by performing the following: 
 Obtaining management memoranda, including their third-party specialist memoranda, regarding the analysis of uncertain tax positions and identifying the key judgments and evaluating whether the analysis was consistent with our interpretation of the relevant laws and regulations. 
 Discussing foreign tax matters with our international tax specialists. 
 Evaluating the matters raised by tax authorities in former and ongoing tax examinations and considering the implications of these matters on open tax years. 
 Assessing changes and interpretation of applicable tax law. 
 
 /s/DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. 

52 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15 under the Exchange Act during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting of the Company. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management excluded the asset acquisition of Casper Well Products (Note 3 - Acquisitions) from its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as the acquisition occurred in 2022. This exclusion is in accordance with the general guidance from the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting for one year following the acquisition. The net sales and total assets of the current year acquisition represented was less than 1 percent of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on its evaluation, management concluded that the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This report appears on page 54 . 
 53 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 
 Fort Wayne, Indiana 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and Schedule II as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded the asset acquisition of Casper Well Products from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as this acquisition occurred in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The net sales and total assets of this acquisition represented less than 1 percent each, of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at this acquired company. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 22, 2023 

54 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information concerning directors and director nominees required by this Item 10 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023, under the headings of PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS and INFORMATION CONCERNING NOMINEES AND CONTINUING DIRECTORS, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information concerning executive officers required by this Item 10 is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading of INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information concerning Regulation S-K, Item 405 disclosures of delinquent Form 3, 4, or 5 filers required by this Item 10 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023, under the heading of DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information concerning the procedures for shareholders to recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors, the Audit Committee of the board of directors, and the Company s code of conduct and ethics required by this Item 10 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023 under the heading INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023, under the headings of INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES, MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT, COMPENSATION, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE, GRANT OF PLAN BASED AWARDS TABLE, OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END TABLE, OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED TABLE, PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE TABLE, PENSION BENEFITS TABLE, NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION, POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY, and DIRECTOR COMPENSATION, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023, under the headings of SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS, SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT and SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023, under the heading INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2023, under the heading PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP AS THE COMPANY S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE 2023 FISCAL YEAR, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 55 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES Documents filed as part of this report: 1. Financial Statements - Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule - Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements and related notes. 3. Exhibits Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2019) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Franklin Electric Co., Inc., as amended January 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2020) 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021) 
 10.1 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting held on April 29, 2005) 
 10.2 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting held on April 24, 2009) 
 10.3 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 2012 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting held on May 4, 2012) 
 10.4 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 2017 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s 2017 Proxy Statement filed on March 21, 2017) 
 10.5 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Non-employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2020) 
 10.6 First Amendment to the Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Non-employee Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2021) 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Pension Restoration Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2009) 
 10.8 First Amendment to the Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Pension Restoration Plan dated December 20, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012) 
 10.9 Second Amendment to the Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Pension Restoration Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2015) 
 
 10.1 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Supplemental Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company's Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.11 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gregg C. Sengstack (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012) 
 10.12 Employment Security Agreement between the Company and Jeffery L. Taylor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2021) 
 10.13 Form of Employment Security Agreement between the Company and DeLancey W. Davis and Donald P. Kenney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013) 
 
 56 

Number Description 10.14 Employment Security Agreement between the Company and Jonathan M. Grandon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2016) 
 10.15 Employment Security Agreement between the Company and Jay J. Walsh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.16 Employment Security Agreement between the Company and Kenneth Keene (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2022) 
 10.17 Employment Security Agreement between the Company and Brent Spikes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2022) 
 10.18 Form of Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement between the Company and Gregg C. Sengstack, Jeffery L. Taylor, DeLancey W. Davis, Donald P. Kenney, Jonathan M. Grandon, Brent Spikes, Kenneth Keene, and Jay J. Walsh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2005) 
 10.19 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Executive Severance Policy, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2020) 
 10.20 Description of the Executive Officer Annual Incentive Cash Bonus Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016) 
 10.21 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held May 8, 2015) 
 10.22 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.23 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.24 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.25 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.27 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Director Employees (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012) 
 10.28 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.29 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for Director Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2013) 
 10.30 Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement by and among Franklin Electric Co., Inc., Franklin Electric B.V., Prudential Insurance Company of America and the purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2021) 
 
 10.31 Bond Purchase and Loan Agreement, dated December 31, 2012, among the Company, The Board of Commissions of the County of Allen, Indiana, and the Bondholders referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013) 
 10.32 Amendment No. 1 to Bond Purchase and Loan Agreement and Waiver, dated May 5, 2015, among the Company, The Board of Commissioners of the County of Allen, and the Bondholders referred to therein (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2015) 
 10.33 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, by and among Franklin Electric Co., Inc., Franklin Electric B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the lenders identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021) 
 10.34 Amendment No. 1 dated May 11, 2022 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, by and among Franklin Electric Co., Inc., Franklin Electric B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the lenders identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2022) 
 10.35 Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement by and among Franklin Electric Co., Inc., Franklin Electric B.V., NYL Investors LLC, and the purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2021) 
 
 57 

Number Description 10.36 Issuance of Series B Notes Pursuant to the New York Life Agreement dated May 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2018) 
 10.37 Stock Redemption Agreement, dated April 15, 2015, between the Company and Ms. Patricia Schaefer and Ms. Diane Humphrey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2015) 
 10.38 Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries Preferability Letter from Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 18.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2011) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 Forward-Looking Statements 
 101 The following financial information from Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Management Contract, Compensatory Plan or Arrangement 
 
 58 

FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 ) Allowance for deferred taxes 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Allowance for deferred taxes 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts Allowance for deferred taxes 
 
 (a) Charges for which allowances were created. 
 (b) Primarily related to acquisitions 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. Registrant Date: February 22, 2023 
 By /s/ Gregg C. Sengstack Gregg C. Sengstack, Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 
 
 By /s/ Gregg C. Sengstack Gregg C. Sengstack Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jeffery L. Taylor Jeffery L. Taylor Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Victor Grizzle Victor Grizzle Director /s/ Alok Maskara Alok Maskara Director /s/ Renee J. Peterson Renee J. Peterson Director /s/ Jennifer L. Sherman Jennifer L. Sherman Director /s/ Thomas R. VerHage Thomas R. VerHage Director /s/ Chris Villavarayan Chris Villavarayan Director /s/ David M. Wathen David M. Wathen Director 
 
 60 

<EX-21>
 2
 a20221231ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 FRANKLIN ELECTRIC CO., INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Subsidiary State or Country of Organization Percent of Voting Stock Owned 2M Company, LLC Montana 100 Blake Group Holdings Connecticut 100 Drillers Service, LLC North Carolina 100 FE Latin America B.V. Netherlands 100 Franklin Electric (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia 100 Franklin Electric (South Africa) Pty. Ltd. South Africa 100 Franklin Electric (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China 100 Franklin Electric B.V. Netherlands 100 Franklin Electric Europa GmbH Germany 100 Franklin Electric Germany Holding GmbH Germany 100 Franklin Electric Holding B.V. Netherlands 100 Franklin Electric Industria de Motobombas SA Brazil 100 Franklin Electric International, Inc. Delaware 100 Franklin Electric S.r.l Italy 100 Franklin Electric spol s.r.o. Czech Republic 100 Franklin Fueling Systems (Beijing) Company Ltd. China 100 Franklin Fueling Systems GmbH Germany 100 Franklin Fueling Systems, LLC Indiana 100 Franklin Water Treatment, LLC Indiana 100 Franklin Water Treatment Canada, Inc Canada 100 Gicon Pumps & Equipment, LLC Texas 100 Headwater Companies, LLC Indiana 100 Impo Motor Pompa Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S. Turkey 100 Industrias Rotor Pump S.A. Argentina 100 Milan Supply Company, LLC Michigan 100 Motores Electricos Sumergibles de Mexico S. de R.L de C.V. Mexico 100 Motores Franklin S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 Motori Sommersi Riavvolgibili S.r.l. Italy 75 Pioneer Pump Solutions Ltd. United Kingdom 100 Valley Farms Supply, LLC Michigan 100 Western Hydro, LLC Delaware 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a20221231ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (file numbers 333-01959, 333-59771, 333-34994, 333-34996, 333-111370, 333-124845, 333-158771, 333-166268, 333-181138, 333-217790, 333-222245, and 333-238024) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a20221231ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregg C. Sengstack, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Franklin Electric Co., Inc., for the year ending December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and we have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to Franklin Electric Co., Inc., including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any changes in Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s auditors and the audit committee of Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s board of directors 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting. Date February 22, 2023 s Gregg C. Sengstack Gregg C. Sengstack Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a20221231ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffery L. Taylor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Franklin Electric Co., Inc., for the year ending December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and we have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to Franklin Electric Co., Inc., including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s auditors and the audit committee of Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s board of directors 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in Franklin Electric Co., Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting. Date February 22, 2023 s Jeffery L. Taylor Jeffery L. Taylor Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a20221231ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregg C. Sengstack, Chairpersom and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 22, 2023 s Gregg C. Sengstack Gregg C. Sengstack Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a20221231ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffery L. Taylor, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 22, 2023 s Jeffery L. Taylor Jeffery L. Taylor Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 a20221231ex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 ADDITIONAL EXHIBITS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Written and oral statements provided by the Company from time to time, including in the Company's annual report to shareholders and its annual report on Form 10-K and other filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, may contain certain forward-looking information, such as statements about the Company's financial goals, acquisition strategies, financial expectations including anticipated revenue or expense levels, business prospects, market positioning, product development, manufacturing re-alignment, capital expenditures, tax benefits and expenses, and the effect of contingencies or changes in accounting policies. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may increase, may fluctuate, plan, goal, target, strategy, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would, and could. While the Company believes that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are reasonable based on present conditions, forward-looking statements made by the Company involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those in the Company's written or oral forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, the following 
 The Company's success in its ongoing evaluation and implementation of its business strategies, especially its success in managing the expense and integration, valuation and other risks of its acquisition strategy and divestitures. 
 
 Continued or increased competitive pressures that affect sales volume, pricing and profitability. 
 
 Increased competition due to industry consolidation or new entrants into the Company's existing markets. 
 
 The strength of the recovery and future health of the U.S. and international economies and other economic factors that directly or indirectly affect the demand for the Company's products, including the effect of economic conditions on housing starts in the United States and on the availability and terms of financing. 
 
 Increases in the cost of raw material, components, other materials, transportation or other services which the Company is unable to pass on to customers or which impact demand for the Company's products. 
 
 The effects of and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations and other activities of governments, agencies and similar organizations across the many countries and regions where the Company manufacturers or sells its products, including trade restrictions, inflation, currency fluctuations, import and other charges or taxes, nationalizations and unstable governments. 
 
 The Company's success in implementing its strategy of concentrating production in low cost locations. 
 
 The Company's ability to anticipate changing customer requirements, fund and accomplish product innovation, improve processes, and attract and retain capable staff in order to deal with increasing volume and complexity in its products. 
 
 Difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of products, including a failure to ship new products when anticipated, failure of customers to accept these products when planned, any defects in products or a failure of manufacturing economies to develop when planned. 
 
 The costs and other effects of administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, settlements and investigations, claims, developments or assertions by or against the Company, including those relating to intellectual property rights and licenses, alleged defects in products and non-compliance with governmental regulations. 
 
 The introduction of alternative products or governmental and regulatory actions that favor alternative methods of serving the same function as the Company's products, such as the extension of municipal water systems. 
 
 The effect of environmental legislation and regulation on the Company's products and sales. 
 
 The Company's success in reducing or controlling growth in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

The Company's ability to manage the life cycle of its products, reduce product costs and other costs and increase productivity. 
 
 Events such as fires, floods, or other natural disasters, weather conditions, and epidemics and pandemics impacting the Company's ability to produce products or the demand for its products. 
 
 A prolonged disruption of scheduled deliveries from suppliers when alternative sources of raw material and components are not available. 
 
 Labor strikes or work stoppages by employees of the Company, its customers, suppliers, or freight contractors or other providers. 
 
 The adoption of new, or changes in, accounting policies and practices. 
 
 Some of these and other risks and uncertainties that may affect future results are discussed in more detail in Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included herein are based upon information presently available. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking information, except as required by law. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fele-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fele-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fele-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fele-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fele-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

