<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1018399_0001018399-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22112043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>389798</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2770720</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9312770</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4712206</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4447195</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001018399-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308160604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001018399-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENTERPRISE BANCORP INC /MA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001018399
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33912
		FILM NUMBER:		23716167

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 MERRIMACK ST
		CITY:			LOWELL
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9784599000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 MERRIMACK ST
		CITY:			LOWELL
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01852

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001018399-23-000012.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 ebtc-20221231.htm
 10-K

ebtc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
 
 Large accelerated filer x 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If the securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recover analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recover period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid price and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 32.19 per share) as of June 30, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: February 28, 2023, Common Stock, par value 0.01, shares outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 34 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 36 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 117 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 119 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 119 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 119 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 119 
 Part III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 119 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 119 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 119 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 119 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 119 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 123 
 Signatures Page 
 124 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Organization 
 
 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company," "Enterprise," "us," "we," or "our") is a Massachusetts corporation organized in 1996, which operates as the parent holding company of Enterprise Bank and Trust Company, commonly referred to as Enterprise Bank (the "Bank"), a community-focused commercial bank. Substantially all of the Company s operations are conducted through the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank, a Massachusetts trust company and state chartered commercial bank that commenced banking operations in 1989, has five wholly owned subsidiaries that are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements: 
 
 Three Massachusetts security corporations, Enterprise Security Corporation (2005), Enterprise Security Corporation II (2007) and Enterprise Security Corporation III (2007), which hold various types of qualifying securities. The security corporations are limited to conducting securities investment activities that the Bank itself would be allowed to conduct under applicable laws. 
 Enterprise Wealth Services, LLC, organized in 2000 in the State of Delaware for the purpose of offering non-deposit investment products and services, under the name of "Enterprise Wealth Services;" and 
 Enterprise Insurance Services, LLC, organized in 2000 in the State of Delaware for the purpose of engaging in insurance sales activities; 
 
 Enterprise's headquarters are located at 222 Merrimack Street in Lowell, Massachusetts. 
 
 The community banking services offered through the Bank and its subsidiaries are managed as one strategic unit and represent the Company's only reportable operating segment. 
 
 All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The Company's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market under the trading symbol "EBTC." 
 
 Market Area 
 
 The Company's primary market area is the Northern Middlesex, Northern Essex, and Northern Worcester counties of Massachusetts and the Southern Hillsborough and Southern Rockingham counties in New Hampshire. Enterprise has 27 full-service branches located in the Massachusetts communities of Acton, Andover, Billerica (2), Chelmsford (2), Dracut, Fitchburg, Lawrence, Leominster, Lexington, Lowell (2), Methuen, North Andover, Tewksbury (2), Tyngsborough and Westford and in the New Hampshire communities of Derry, Hudson, Nashua (2), Pelham, Londonderry, Salem, and Windham. 
 
 Management actively seeks to strengthen the Company's market position by capitalizing on opportunities to grow all business lines and through the continued pursuit of organic growth and strategic expansion within existing and into neighboring geographic markets. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 The Company principally is engaged in the business of gathering deposits from the general public and investing primarily in loans and investment securities. Through the Bank and its subsidiaries, the Company offers a range of commercial, residential and consumer loan products, deposit products and cash management services, as well as wealth management and wealth services. 
 
 The integrated branch network serves all product channels with knowledgeable service providers and state-of-the-art facilities. The Bank also offers various digital banking capabilities via online and mobile platforms. Management continually examines new products and technologies in order to maintain a highly competitive mix of offerings and state-of-the-art delivery channels in order to tailor product lines to customers' needs. These products, services and delivery channels are outlined below. 
 
 The Company's business is not dependent on one, or a few customers, nor upon a particular industry, the loss of which would have a material adverse impact on the financial condition or operations of the Company. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Lending Products 
 
 General 
 
 The Company specializes in lending to business entities, non-profit organizations, professional practices, and individuals. The Company's primary lending focus is on the development of high-quality, long-term commercial relationships achieved through active business development efforts, strong community involvement, and focused marketing strategies. Commercial loans may include commercial real estate mortgage loans, construction and land development loans, secured and unsecured commercial loans and lines of credit, and letters of credit. Consumer or "retail" loans may include conventional residential mortgage loans, home equity lines, residential construction loans on owner-occupied primary and secondary residences, and secured and unsecured personal loans and lines of credit. The Company manages its loan portfolio to avoid concentration by industry, relationship size, and source of repayment to lessen its credit risk exposure. 
 
 Interest rates charged on loans may be fixed or variable; variable rate loans may have fixed initial periods before periodic rate adjustments begin. Individual rates offered are dependent on the associated degree of credit risk, term, underwriting and servicing costs, loan amount, and the extent of other banking relationships maintained with the borrower, and may be subject to interest rate floors. Rates are also subject to competitive pressures, the current interest-rate environment, availability of funds, and government regulations. 
 
 Enterprise employs a seasoned commercial lending staff, with commercial lenders supporting each of the Bank's branch locations. An internal loan review function assesses the compliance of commercial loan originations with the Company's internal policies and underwriting guidelines and monitors the ongoing credit quality of the loan portfolio. The credit risk management function monitors a wide variety of individual borrower and industry factors; and the Company's internal loan credit risk rating system classifies loans depending on risk of loss characteristics. The Company also contracts with an external loan review company to review, on a pre-determined schedule, the internal credit ratings assigned to loans in the commercial loan portfolio. The review is focused on the non-criticized segment of the commercial loan portfolio, based on the type, size, credit rating, and overall risk of the loan and generally encompasses 65 or more of the commercial loan portfolio. This same company is also contracted to perform limited stress testing on the commercial real estate loan portfolio on an annual basis. 
 
 The Company's internal residential origination and underwriting staff originate residential loans and are responsible for compliance with residential lending regulations, consumer protection and internal policy guidelines. The Company contracts with an external loan review company to complete a regular quality control review in accordance with secondary market underwriting requirements for residential mortgage loans sold. The sample reviewed is based on loan volume originated since the prior review. Additionally, the Company's internal compliance department monitors the residential loan origination activity for regulatory compliance. 
 
 A management loan review committee, consisting of senior lending officers, credit, loan workout, loan operations, risk management and accounting personnel, is responsible for setting loan policy and procedures, as well as reviewing loans on the internal "watch asset list" and classified loan report. 
 
 An internal credit review committee, consisting of senior lending officers and credit review personnel, meets to review and approve loan requests related to borrowing relationships of certain dollar levels, as well as other borrower relationships recommended for discussion by committee members. 
 
 The Loan Committee of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") approves loan relationships exceeding certain prescribed dollar limits. The Board's Loan Committee reviews current portfolio statistics, problem credits, construction loan reviews, watch assets, loan delinquencies, and the allowance for credit losses, as well as current market conditions and issues relating to the construction and real estate development industry and the reports from the external loan review company. The Board's Loan Committee is also responsible for approval of the loan policy and credit-related charge-offs recommended by management, subject to final approval by the full Board. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank's statutory lending limit, based on 20 of capital (capital stock plus surplus and undivided profits, but excluding other comprehensive income), to any individual borrower and related entities was approximately 87.4 million, subject to certain exceptions provided under applicable law. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Real Estate, Commercial and Industrial, and Commercial Construction Loans 
 
 Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by both owner and non-owner occupied (investor) real estate. These loans are typically secured by a variety of commercial, residential investment, and industrial property types, including one-to-four and multi-family apartment buildings, office, industrial, or mixed-use facilities, strip shopping centers, or other commercial properties, and are generally guaranteed by the principals of the borrower. Commercial real estate loans generally have repayment periods of approximately 15 to 30 years. Variable interest-rate loans have a variety of adjustment terms and underlying interest-rate indices and are generally fixed for an initial period before periodic rate adjustments begin. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans include seasonal and formula-based revolving lines of credit, working capital loans, equipment financing and term loans. Also included in commercial and industrial loans are loans partially or fully guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA"), and loans under various other government and municipal programs and agencies. Commercial and industrial credits may be unsecured loans and lines to financially strong borrowers, loans secured in whole or in part by real estate unrelated to the principal purpose of the loan or secured by inventories, equipment, or receivables, and are generally guaranteed by the principals of the borrower. Variable rate loans and lines in this portfolio have interest rates that are periodically adjusted, with loans generally having fixed initial periods. Revolving lines of credit are written on demand and are subject to annual credit review. Commercial and industrial loans have average repayment periods of 1 to 7 years. 
 
 Commercial construction loans include the development of residential housing and condominium projects, the development of commercial and industrial use property, and loans for the purchase and improvement of raw land. These loans are secured in whole or in part by underlying real estate collateral and are generally guaranteed by the principals of the borrowers. In many cases, these loans move into the permanent commercial real estate portfolio when the construction phase is completed. The Company limits the amount of financing provided to any single developer for the construction of properties built on a speculative basis. Funds for construction projects are disbursed as pre-specified stages of construction are completed. Regular site inspections are performed, prior to advancing additional funds, at each construction phase, either by experienced construction lenders on staff or by independent outside inspection companies. Commercial construction loans generally are variable rate loans and lines with interest rates that are periodically adjusted and generally have terms of 1 to 3 years. 
 
 From time to time, the Company participates with other banks in the financing of certain commercial projects. Participating loans with other institutions provide banks the opportunity to retain customer relationships and reduce credit risk exposure among each participating bank, while providing customers with larger credit vehicles than the individual bank might be willing or able to offer independently. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the financial obligation or performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. If the letter of credit is drawn upon, a loan is created for the customer, generally a commercial loan, with the same criteria associated with similar commercial loans. 
 
 Residential Loans 
 
 Enterprise Bank originates conventional mortgage loans on one-to-four family residential properties. These properties may serve as the borrower's primary residence, or as vacation homes or investment properties. Loan-to-value policy limits vary, generally from 75 for multi-family, owner-occupied properties, up to 97 for single family, owner-occupied properties, with mortgage insurance coverage required for loan-to-value ratios greater than 80 based on program parameters. In addition, financing is provided for the construction of owner-occupied primary and secondary residences. Residential mortgage loans may have terms of up to 30 years at either fixed or adjustable rates of interest. Fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans are generally originated using secondary market underwriting and documentation standards. 
 
 Depending on the current interest-rate environment, management projections of future interest rates and the overall asset-liability management program of the Company, management may elect to sell fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans which are eligible for sale in the secondary market or hold some or all of this residential loan production for the Company's portfolio. Mortgage loans are generally not pooled for sale, but instead sold on an individual basis. The Company may retain or sell the servicing when selling the loans. Loans sold are subject to standard secondary market underwriting and eligibility representations and warranties over the life of the loan and are subject to an early payment default period covering the first four payments for certain loan sales. Loans classified as held for sale are carried as a separate line item on the balance sheet. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Home Equity Lines of Credit ("Home equity") 
 
 The Company originates home equity revolving lines of credit for one-to-four family residential properties with maximum original loan-to-value ratios generally up to 80 of the automated valuation or appraised value of the property securing the loan. Home equity lines generally have interest rates that adjust monthly based on changes in the Prime Lending Rate, although minimum rates may be applicable. Some home equity line rates may be fixed for a period of time and then adjusted monthly thereafter. The payment schedule for standard home equity lines requires interest only payments for the first ten years of the lines. Generally, at the end of ten years, the line may be frozen to future advances, and principal plus interest payments are collected over a 15-year amortization schedule or, for eligible borrowers meeting certain requirements, the line availability may be extended for an additional interest only period. Home equity line of credit programs are available with the ability to convert all or a portion of the home equity line of credit balance to a fixed-rate term note subject to certain requirements and limitations. Available credit on the home equity line becomes available again as principal is repaid on the converted amounts. 
 
 Consumer Loans 
 
 Consumer loans consist primarily of secured or unsecured personal loans, loans under energy efficiency financing programs in conjunction with Massachusetts public utilities, and overdraft protection lines on checking accounts extended to individual customers. The aggregate amounts of overdrawn deposit accounts are reclassified as loan balances. 
 
 Credit Risk and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Information regarding the Company's credit risk and allowance for credit losses is contained in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," contained in the section "Financial Condition," under "Loans," in the subsections "Credit Risk," and "ACL for Loans" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this "Form 10-K). See also Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Polices," under Item (h) "Credit Risk Management and ACL for Loans Methodology" to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Deposit Products 
 
 Deposits have traditionally been the principal source of the Company's funds. Enterprise offers a broad selection of competitive commercial and retail deposit products, including checking accounts, limited-transactional savings and money market accounts, commercial sweep products, and term certificates of deposit ("CDs"). The Company's deposit products are offered to commercial businesses, professionals, municipalities, non-profit organizations, and individuals. As a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), the Bank's depositors are provided deposit protection up to the maximum FDIC insurance coverage limits. 
 
 In addition to the deposit products noted above, the Company also provides customers the ability to automate allocation of investment sweep (commercial only), money market, and CD balances to nationwide networks of reciprocating FDIC insured banks. Deposits are placed into nationwide networks in increments that are eligible for FDIC insurance. This allows the Company to offer enhanced FDIC insurance coverage on larger deposit balances by placing the "excess" funds into participating FDIC insured accounts or term CDs. In exchange, the other institutions place dollar-for-dollar matching reciprocal and insurable deposits with the Company via the networks. Essentially, the equivalent of the original deposit comes back to the Company and is available to fund operations. The original funds placed into the networks are not carried as deposits on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet, however the network's reciprocal dollar deposits are carried within the appropriate product category under customer deposits on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Management determines the interest rates offered on deposit accounts based on current and expected economic conditions, competition, liquidity needs, the volatility of existing deposits, the asset-liability position of the Company and the overall objectives of the Company regarding the growth and retention of relationships. Low-cost checking deposits are an important component of the Company's core funding strategy. 
 
 Enterprise may also utilize brokered deposits, mainly term products, from several available sources as an alternative to borrowed funds to support asset growth in excess of internally generated deposits. The Company collectively refers to brokered deposits and borrowed funds as "wholesale funding." 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Management Services 
 
 In addition to the lending and deposit products discussed above, commercial banking and public sector customers may take advantage of cash management services and products that provide comprehensive reporting, streamline the processing of deposits and facilitate the use of those funds for purposes such as disbursements and automated short-term investment activities. 
 
 Cash management clients can enroll in remote check deposit capture, lockbox, Automatic Clearing House ("ACH") origination, domestic and international U.S. dollar wire transfers, foreign currency wire transfers, "Positive Pay" to reduce check fraud and unauthorized ACH received items, account reconciliation, zero balance target transfers, automated investment sweeps, and commercial card and merchant services programs offered through third parties. 
 
 Investment sweep services include third party FDIC enhanced money market or third-party non-deposit mutual funds. Management believes that commercial customers benefit from the flexibility of these products, while retaining conservative investment options of high quality and safety. The balances swept daily into mutual funds do not represent obligations of the Company and are not insured by the FDIC. 
 
 Product Delivery Channels 
 
 In addition to traditional product access channels, various digital banking capabilities are delivered through the Bank's online website and mobile apps allowing customers to view account statements, activity and images, as well as perform internal and external account transfers, pay bills, place stop payments, make person-to-person payments, and conduct mobile deposits. Digital wallet and mobile card controls provide smart phone users with additional debit card safety features to actively control and monitor their virtual debit card. 
 
 Online and mobile banking tools utilize multiple layers of customer authentication commensurate with the risk posed by the varying types of transactions and information available within each tool. 
 
 Wealth Management and Wealth Services 
 
 The Company provides a range of wealth advisory and management services delivered via two channels, Enterprise Wealth Management and Enterprise Wealth Services. 
 
 Wealth advisory and management services include customized investment management and trust services provided under the label "Enterprise Wealth Management" to individuals, family groups, commercial businesses, trusts, foundations, non-profit organizations, and endowments. 
 
 Enterprise Wealth Management utilizes an open-architecture approach to client investment management, focusing on strategic asset allocation to select independent investment management firms and individual securities on behalf of our clients. The Company partners with investment research firms and uses state of the art analytic tools to strengthen and inform the asset allocation and portfolio construction processes. The investment management process is intended to enable the Company to build and maintain investment portfolios to meet each client s financial objectives and deliver superior long-term results. 
 
 Enterprise Wealth Services provides brokerage and management services through a third-party arrangement with Commonwealth Financial Network, a licensed securities brokerage firm, with products designed primarily for the individual investor. Retirement plan services are offered through third-party arrangements with leading 401(k) plan providers. 
 
 The Enterprise Wealth Management Committee ("EWMC") of the Board is responsible for overseeing that the fiduciary and investment activities of Enterprise Wealth Management and Enterprise Wealth Services are consistent with those powers delegated by the Board and that prudent care and discretion are followed in the management of client assets. EWMC is also responsible for reviewing investment performance of investment advisors, strategic planning initiatives and results, and proposed new products or services, among other responsibilities. 
 
 Insurance Services 
 
 Beginning in November of 2000, Enterprise Insurance Services, LLC was utilized to engage in insurance sales activities through a third-party arrangement with a full-service regional insurance agency. Under this relationship, the Company referred clients to the third-party insurance agency, assisted with servicing and shared the resulting revenue. On October 5, 2022, the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Company ended its revenue sharing relationship with the third-party insurance agency and sold the rights to the future cash flows on these insurance policies to the third-party insurance agency. The Company has no other insurance agency relationships. 
 
 Investment Activities 
 
 The Company's investment portfolio activities are an integral part of the overall asset-liability management program of the Company. The investment function provides liquidity to support loan growth, as well as to meet withdrawals and maturities of deposits, and attempts to provide maximum return consistent with liquidity constraints and general prudence, including diversification and safety of investments. In addition to the Bank, the Company holds investment securities in three Massachusetts security corporation subsidiaries, which serve to increase after tax returns in accordance with state tax policy. 
 
 The securities in which the Company may invest are limited by regulation. In addition, an internal investment policy restricts investments in debt securities to high-quality securities within prescribed categories as approved by the Board. Management utilizes an outside registered investment adviser to manage the corporate and municipal bond portfolios within prescribed guidelines set by management. The Company's internal investment policy also sets sector limits as a percentage of the total portfolio, identifies acceptable and unacceptable investment practices, and denotes approved security dealers. The effect of changes in interest rates, market values, timing of principal payments and credit risk are considered when purchasing securities. 
 
 Cash equivalents are defined as highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and present insignificant risk of changes in value due to changes in interest rates. The Company's cash and cash equivalents may be comprised of cash on hand and cash items due from banks, interest-earning deposits with banks (deposit accounts, excess reserve cash balances, money markets and money market mutual fund accounts) and overnight and term federal funds sold ("fed funds") to money center banks. Balances in cash and cash equivalents will fluctuate due primarily to the timing of net cash flows from deposits, borrowings, loans and investments, and the immediate liquidity needs of the Company. 
 
 The Company primarily invests in debt securities, with a small portion of the portfolio invested in equities. As of the balance sheet dates reflected in this Form 10-K, all of the debt securities within the Company's investment portfolio were classified as available-for-sale and carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in other comprehensive income. The equity securities are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. 
 
 Management reports investment transactions, portfolio allocation, effective duration, fair value at risk and projected cash flows to the Board on a periodic basis. Credit risk inherent in the portfolio is closely monitored by management and presented at least annually to the Board. The Board also approves the Company's internal investment policy annually and ongoing investment strategy. 
 
 The Company is required to purchase Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ("FHLB") stock at par value in association with the Bank's outstanding advances from the FHLB; this stock is classified as a restricted investment and carried at cost which management believes approximates fair value. 
 
 As discussed above, deposit gathering has been the Company's principal source of funds. Asset growth in excess of deposits may be funded through cash flows from our loan and investment portfolios, or the following sources: 
 
 Borrowed Funds 
 
 Total borrowing capacity includes borrowing arrangements at the FHLB, the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston ("FRB") discount window and borrowing arrangements with correspondent banks. 
 
 Membership in the FHLB provides borrowing capacity based on qualifying collateral balances pre-pledged to the FHLB, including certain residential loans, home equity lines, commercial loans, U.S. government and agency securities and certain municipal securities. 
 
 Borrowings from the FHLB typically are utilized to fund liquidity needs or specific lending projects under the FHLB's community development programs. The FHLB funding facility is an integral component of the Company's asset-liability management program. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 The FRB discount window borrowing capacity is based on the pledge of qualifying collateral balances to the FRB. Collateral pledged for this FRB facility consists primarily of certain municipal and corporate securities held in the Company's investment portfolio. Additional types of collateral are available to increase borrowing capacity with the FRB if necessary. 
 
 Pre-established non-collateralized overnight borrowing arrangements with large national and regional correspondent banks provide additional overnight and short-term borrowing capacity for the Company and are classified as "other borrowings" under Borrowed Funds on the Company's balance sheets. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Capital planning by the Company and the Bank considers current needs and anticipated future growth. The primary sources of capital for the Company and the Bank include proceeds from the issuance of the Company's common stock, proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt and retention of earnings, less dividends paid. The Company believes its current capital is adequate to support ongoing operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to the regulatory capital framework known as the "Basel III Rules" which include risk-based capital ratio requirements. Management believes, as of December 31, 2022, that the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject under Basel III. As of December 31, 2022, the Company met the definition of "well-capitalized" under the applicable Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board") regulations and the Bank qualified as "well-capitalized" under the prompt corrective action regulations of Basel III and the FDIC. 
 
 See also "Capital Requirements," and "Capital Requirements under Basel III," under the heading "Supervision and Regulation," contained below, for further information regarding the Company's and the Bank's regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 
 The Company has issued subordinated notes as a component of its capital management strategy. As of the balance sheet dates contained in this Form 10-K, the Company's outstanding subordinated debt consisted of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the "Notes") issued July 2020, callable in whole or part beginning in 2025, due in 2030. The Notes are intended to qualify at the Company as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks, etc. 
 
 The Company holds several registered service marks and trademarks related to product names and corporate branding. The Company holds no other patents, registered trademarks, licenses (other than licenses required to be obtained from appropriate banking regulatory agencies), franchises or concessions that are material to its business. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 The Company distinguishes itself through our strong sense of teamwork, purpose, inclusion, and equity, and through caring for each other, our customers, and our communities. We routinely engage independent third parties to conduct cultural, engagement, and inclusion surveys to assess our engagement and to act, if necessary, to address areas of improvement. Based on the feedback provided by our team members, management believes its team member relations are excellent. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company employed 554 full-time equivalent team members. None of the Company's employees are presently represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. The Company is committed to diversity, equity and inclusion. As of December 31, 2022, 68 of our team members are women and 21 are self-identified as Black, Indigenous, and persons of color. Of our managerial team members, 65 are women and 14 are self-identified as Black, Indigenous, and persons of color. 
 
 For more information about our culture, values, team member engagement, and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, please visit our website at enterprisebanking.com. 
 
 Company Websites 
 
 The Company currently uses outside vendors to design, support, and host its primary internet website: www.enterprisebanking.com. The information contained on or accessible from our websites does not constitute a part of this Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank's website provides information on the Company and its products and services. Users have the ability to securely open various deposit accounts, as well as the ability to submit mortgage loan applications and related documentation securely online and, via a link, to access their bank accounts and perform various financial transactions, and via the wealth-management link to access various wealth account reports and statements, and the ability to consolidate all investment accounts (Enterprise or others) on one secure platform. 
 
 The Bank's website also provides the access point to a variety of specified banking services and information, various financial management tools, and Company investor and corporate information, which includes a corporate governance page. The Company's corporate governance page includes the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Whistleblower and Non-Retaliation policy, as well as the charters of the Board's Audit, Compensation and Human Resources, and Corporate Governance/Nominating committees. 
 
 In the Investor Relations section of the Bank's website, under the SEC Filings tab, the Company makes available copies of the Company's annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q"), proxy statements and current reports on Form 8-K ("Form 8-K"). Additionally, the site includes current registration statements that the Company has been required or elected to file in connection with the issuance of its shares and other securities. The Company similarly makes available all insider stock ownership and transaction reports filed with the SEC by executive officers, directors and any 10 or greater shareholders under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (Forms 3, 4 and 5). Access to all of these reports is made available free of charge and is essentially simultaneous with the SEC's posting of these reports on its EDGAR system through the SEC's website (www.sec.gov). 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Company faces robust competition to attract and retain customers within existing and neighboring geographic markets. The Company's ability to achieve its long-term strategic growth and market share objectives will depend in part upon management's continued success in differentiating the Company in the marketplace and its ability to strengthen its competitive position. National and larger regional banks and financial institutions have a local presence in the Company's market area. These larger institutions have certain competitive advantages, including greater financial resources and the ability to make larger loans to a single borrower. Within our market area we also compete with government sponsored enterprises that can offer commercial real estate loans on apartments, multifamily and senior housing projects with a variety of competitive terms. 
 
 Numerous local savings banks, commercial banks, cooperative banks, and credit unions also compete in the Company's market area. The expanded commercial lending capabilities of credit unions and the shift to commercial lending by traditional savings banks means that both types of traditionally consumer-orientated institutions compete for the Company's targeted commercial customers. In addition, the non-taxable status of credit unions allows them an advantage as compared to taxable institutions such as Enterprise. Competition for loans, deposits and cash management services, and wealth advisory assets also comes from other businesses that provide financial services, including consumer finance companies, mortgage brokers and lenders, private lenders, insurance companies, securities brokerage firms, institutional mutual funds, and registered investment advisors. 
 
 Internet-based banks, non-bank electronic payment and funding channels, and other tech-based financial intermediaries have become a fast-growing and strong competitor in the financial services marketplace. The evolving financial technology industry ("Fintech") aims to compete with traditional banking services and delivery methods and although the industry offers opportunities for strategic partnerships, it is also a source for direct competition. 
 
 The Company faces increasing competition within its marketplace on the pricing and terms of loans. This is expected to be an ongoing competitive challenge; however, the Company is committed to maintaining asset quality and focuses its sales efforts on building long-term full relationships, rather than competing for individual transactions or easing loan terms. 
 
 The Company faces ongoing competition within its marketplace on the pricing and terms of deposit products. The Company actively seeks to increase deposit market share and strengthen its competitive position with a commitment to providing an enhanced customer experience. The Company continuously reviews it's deposit product offerings, cash management and ancillary services and delivery channels to ensure it is competitive. 
 
 Enterprise carefully plans market expansion through the addition of new branch locations, identifying markets strategically located to complement existing locations while expanding the Company's geographic market footprint. The integrated branch network serves all product channels. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The increased use and advances in technology, data analytics and storage, such as online and mobile, and non-bank electronic payment channels, electronic transaction processing, block-chain based assets including digital currency and non-fungible tokens, and cloud-computing and storage, among others are expected to have a significant impact on the future competitive landscape confronting financial service businesses. 
 
 In addition, the cost of compliance with new and existing government regulations, changes in tax legislation and the interest-rate environment continue to impact competition and consolidation within the industry in various ways, with some participants better equipped to manage these changes than others based on size, depth of resources, or competitive product positioning, among other factors. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 
 Set forth below is a summary description of the material elements of the laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the Bank. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations and policies that are described. Moreover, these statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by the U.S. Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or its principal subsidiary, the Bank, could have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory Agencies 
 
 As a registered bank holding company, the Company is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Federal Reserve Board and, acting under delegated authority, the FRB pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "Bank Holding Company Act"). The Massachusetts Division of Banks (the "Division") also retains supervisory jurisdiction over the Company. 
 
 As a Massachusetts state-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Division and, with respect to the Bank's New Hampshire branching operations, the New Hampshire Banking Department. As a state-chartered bank that accepts deposits and is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is also subject to the supervision and regulation of the FDIC. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 As a registered bank holding company, the Company is required to furnish to the FRB annual and quarterly reports of its financial condition and results of operations, among other information and reports may be required. 
 
 Acquisitions by Bank Holding Companies 
 
 Under the Bank Holding Company Act, the Company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board or, acting under delegated authority, the FRB before (i) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any class of voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after the acquisition, the Company would directly or indirectly own or control 5 or more of such class; (ii) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company; or (iii) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. These activities would also require the prior approval of the Division. 
 
 Under the Bank Holding Company Act, and the regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board thereunder, any company must obtain approval of the Federal Reserve Board or, acting under delegated authority, the FRB, prior to acquiring control of the Company or the Bank. Section 2(a)(2) of the Bank Holding Company Act applies a three-prong test for determining whether a company acquires "control": (i) ownership, control, or the power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the Company or the Bank, (ii) the ability to control in any manner the election of a majority of the directors of the Company or the Bank, or (iii) the direct or indirect exercise of a controlling influence over management or policies of the Company or the Bank. "Control" is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company. 
 
 In addition, regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board related to determinations of control for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act include presumptions for use in control determinations according to a tiered methodology using 5 , 10 and 15 as the presumption thresholds. These regulations apply to questions of control under the Bank Holding Company Act but do not extend to the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended (the "Change in Bank Control Act"). 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Control Acquisitions 
 
 The Change in Bank Control Act and the related regulations of the Federal Reserve Board generally require any person or groups of persons acting in concert to file a written notice with the Federal Reserve Board or, acting under delegated authority, the appropriate FRB, before the person or group acquires control of the Company. The Change in Bank Control Act defines "control" as the direct or indirect power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities or to direct the management or policies of a bank holding company or an insured bank. A rebuttable presumption of control arises under the Change in Bank Control Act where a person or group controls 10 or more, but less than 25 , of a class of the voting stock of a company or insured bank which is a reporting company under the Exchange Act, such as the Company, or such ownership interest is greater than the ownership interest held by any other person or group. 
 
 In addition, the Change in Bank Control Act prohibits any entity from acquiring 25 (or 5 in the case of an acquirer that is a bank holding company) or more of a bank holding company's or bank's voting securities, or otherwise obtaining control or a controlling influence over a bank holding company or bank without the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement on equity investments in bank holding companies and banks, which allows the Federal Reserve Board to generally be able to conclude that an entity's investment is not "controlling" if the investment in the form of voting and nonvoting shares represents in the aggregate (i) less than one-third of the total equity of the banking organization (and less than one-third of any class of voting securities, assuming conversion of all convertible nonvoting securities held by the entity) and (ii) less than 15 of any class of voting securities of the banking organization. 
 
 Under the Change in Bank Control Act and applicable Massachusetts law, any person or group of persons acting in concert would also be required to file a written notice with the FDIC and the Division before acquiring any such direct or indirect control of the Bank. 
 
 Permissible Activities 
 
 The Bank Holding Company Act and the implementing regulations of the Federal Reserve Board also limit the investments and activities of bank holding companies. In general, a bank holding company is prohibited from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of a company that is not a bank or a bank holding company or from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, providing services for its subsidiaries, and various non-bank activities that are deemed to be closely related to banking. 
 
 A bank holding company may also elect to become a "financial holding company," by which a qualified parent holding company of a banking institution may engage, directly or through its non-bank subsidiaries, in any activity that is financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity or in any other activity that is complementary to a financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. A bank holding company will be able to successfully elect to be regulated as a financial holding company if all of its depository institution subsidiaries meet certain prescribed standards pertaining to management, capital adequacy and compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the "CRA"), such as being "well-managed" and "well-capitalized," and must have a CRA rating of at least "satisfactory." Financial holding companies remain subject to regulation and oversight by the Federal Reserve Board. While the Company believes that the Bank, which is the Company's sole depository institution subsidiary, presently satisfies all of the requirements that must be met to enable the Company to successfully elect to become a financial holding company, the Company has no current intention of seeking to become a financial holding company. 
 
 Source of Strength 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") codified the Federal Reserve Board's "source-of-strength" doctrine, which requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to any of its subsidiary banks. The bank holding company is expected to commit resources to support its subsidiary bank, including at times when the bank holding company may not be in a financial position to provide such support. A bank holding company's failure to meet its source-of-strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve Board's regulations, or both. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Imposition of Liability for "Undercapitalized" Subsidiaries 
 
 Bank regulators are required to take "prompt corrective action" to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions whose capital declines below certain levels. In the event an institution becomes "undercapitalized," it must submit a capital restoration plan to its regulators. The capital restoration plan will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company having control of the "undercapitalized" institution guarantees the subsidiary's compliance with the capital restoration plan up to a certain specified amount. Any such guarantee from a depository institution's holding company is entitled to a priority of payment in bankruptcy. 
 
 The aggregate liability of the holding company of an "undercapitalized" bank is limited to the lesser of 5 of the institution's assets at the time it became "undercapitalized" or the amount necessary to cause the institution to be "adequately capitalized." The bank regulators have greater power in situations where an institution becomes "significantly" or "critically" "undercapitalized" or fails to submit a capital restoration plan. 
 
 Safety and Soundness 
 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted the Interagency Guidelines for Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness, which establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest-rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, and fees and benefits. In general, these guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. These guidelines also prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. 
 
 Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe or unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve Board has the power to order a bank holding company to terminate any activity or investment, or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary, when it has reasonable cause to believe that the continuation of such activity or investment or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any subsidiary bank of the bank holding company. The Federal Reserve Board also has the authority to prohibit activities of non-banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or which constitute violations of laws or regulations. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board can assess civil money penalties for activities conducted on a knowing and reckless basis, if such unsafe and unsound activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act ("FIRREA") expanded the Federal Reserve Board's authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their non-banking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices, or which constitute violations of laws or regulations. FIRREA increased the amount of civil money penalties which the Federal Reserve Board can assess for activities conducted on a knowing and reckless basis if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as 1 million for each day the activity continues. 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies and banks that are expected to provide a measure of capital that reflects the degree of risk associated with a banking organization's operations for both transactions reported on the consolidated balance sheet as assets, such as loans, and those recorded as off-balance sheet items, such as commitments, letters of credit and recourse arrangements. The risk-based guidelines apply on a consolidated basis to bank holding companies with consolidated assets of 3 billion or more, such as the Company, or with a material amount of equity securities outstanding that are registered with the SEC. 
 
 Pursuant to federal regulations, banks and bank holding companies must maintain capital levels commensurate with the level of risk to which they are exposed, including the volume and severity of problem loans. The federal banking agencies may change, adopt or require new capital guidelines under certain situations such as for high growth or acquisitive bank holding companies, when banks and bank holding companies are subject to enforcement actions, and have also subjected such institutions to restrictions on various activities, including a bank's ability to accept or renew brokered deposits. 
 
 Under these capital guidelines, a banking organization is required to maintain certain minimum capital ratios, which are obtained by dividing its qualifying capital by its total risk-adjusted assets and off-balance sheet items. In general, the dollar amounts of assets and certain off-balance sheet items are "risk-adjusted" and assigned to various risk categories. In addition to 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 such risk adjusted capital requirements, banking organizations are also required to maintain an additional minimum "leverage" capital ratio, which is calculated based on average total assets without any adjustment for risk being made to the value of the assets. 
 
 Qualifying capital is classified depending on the type of capital as follows: 
 
 "Tier 1 capital" consists of common equity, retained earnings, qualifying non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, a limited amount of qualifying cumulative perpetual preferred stock and minority interests in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets. In certain limited circumstances, qualifying Tier 1 capital may count trust preferred securities. 
 
 "Tier 2 capital" includes, among other things, hybrid capital instruments, perpetual debt, mandatory convertible debt securities, qualifying term subordinated debt, preferred stock that does not qualify as Tier 1 capital, and a limited amount of allowance for credit and lease losses. 
 
 Capital Requirements under Basel III 
 
 Federal banking regulations implementing the international regulatory capital framework, referred to as the "Basel III Rules," apply to both depository institutions and (subject to certain exceptions not applicable to the Company) their holding companies. Under the Basel III Rules, a bank holding company must satisfy certain capital levels in order to comply with the prompt corrective action framework and to avoid limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 
 The Basel III Rules also establish a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital requirements. An institution will be subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers, if its capital level is below the buffered ratio. 
 
 The Basel III minimum capital ratios with the full capital conservation buffer are summarized in the table below. 
 Basel III Minimum for Capital Adequacy Purposes Basel III Additional Capital Conservation Buffer Basel III Ratio with Capital Conservation Buffer Total Risk-Based Capital (total capital to risk weighted assets) 8.00 2.50 10.50 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (tier 1 to risk weighted assets) 6.00 2.50 8.50 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (tier 1 to average assets) (1) 
 4.00 N/A 4.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (CET1 to risk weighted assets) 4.50 2.50 7.00 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Capital conservation buffer is not applicable to Tier 1 Leverage Ratio. 
 
 In addition, the Basel III Rules include certain exemptions to address concerns about the regulatory burden on community banks. For example, banking organizations with less than 15 billion in consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009 are permitted to include in Tier 1 capital trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued and included in Tier 1 capital prior to May 19, 2010 on a permanent basis, without any phase out. Community banks were also allowed to elect, on a one-time basis in their March 31, 2015 quarterly filings, to permanently opt-out of the requirement to include most accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") components in the calculation of CET1 capital and, in effect, retain the AOCI treatment under the previous capital rules. Under the Basel III Rules, in 2015 the Company made such election to permanently exclude AOCI from capital. 
 
 Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject under Basel III. As of December 31, 2022, the Company met the definition of "well-capitalized" under the applicable Federal Reserve Board regulations. 
 
 Community Bank Leverage Ratio 
 
 On September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly finalized a rule intending to simplify the regulatory capital requirements described above for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the Community Bank Leverage 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Ratio ("CBLR") framework, as required by Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (the "EGRRCPA"). The final rule became effective on January 1, 2020, and the CBLR framework became available for banks to use beginning with their March 31, 2020 Call Reports. Under the final rule, if a qualifying community banking organization opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework, it will be considered to have met the "well-capitalized" ratio requirements under the Prompt Corrective Action regulations described below and will not be required to report or calculate risk-based capital. In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 , less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance-sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. 
 
 Although the Company and the Bank are qualifying community bank organizations, the Company and the Bank have elected not to opt into the CBLR framework at this time and will continue to follow the capital requirements under the Basel III Rules as described above. 
 
 Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends and Stock Redemptions and Repurchases 
 
 The Company is regarded as a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The principal source of the Company's revenues is dividends received from the Bank. Both Massachusetts and federal law limit the payment of dividends by the Company. Under Massachusetts law, the Company is generally prohibited from paying a dividend or making any other distribution if, after making such distribution, it would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or if its total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed if it were dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy any preferential rights on dissolution of holders of preferred stock ranking senior in right of payment to the capital stock on which the applicable distribution is made. The Federal Reserve Board also has authority to prohibit dividends by bank holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices. 
 The Federal Reserve Board policy statement and supervisory guidance on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies expresses the view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that (i) the bank holding company's net income for the past year is sufficient to cover the cash dividends, (ii) the rate of earnings retention is consistent with the bank holding company's capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition, and (iii) the minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios are met. The Federal Reserve Board policy statement also provides that a bank holding company should inform the Federal Reserve Board or the FRB reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the bank holding company's capital structure. Bank holding companies also are required to consult with the Federal Reserve Board or the FRB before materially increasing dividends. It is also the Federal Reserve Board's policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their ability to serve as a source of strength to their banking subsidiaries. The Federal Reserve Board or the FRB could prohibit or limit the payment of dividends by a bank holding company if it determines that payment of the dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 Bank holding companies must consult with the Federal Reserve Board or the FRB before redeeming any equity or other capital instrument included in tier 1 or tier 2 capital prior to stated maturity, if (x) such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization's capital base or (y) as a result of such repurchase, there is a net reduction of the outstanding amount of common stock or preferred stock outstanding at the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurs. In addition, bank holding companies are unable to repurchase shares equal to 10 or more of their net worth if they would not be "well-capitalized" (as defined by the Federal Reserve Board) after giving effect to such repurchase. Bank holding companies experiencing financial weaknesses, or that are at significant risk of developing financial weaknesses, must consult with the Federal Reserve Board or the FRB before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments. 
 Bank Regulation 
 The Bank is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Division and the FDIC, and, with respect to its New Hampshire branching operations, of the New Hampshire Banking Department. Federal and Massachusetts laws and regulations that specifically apply to the Bank's business and operations cover, among other matters, the scope of its business, the nature of its investments, the timing of the availability of deposited funds, its activities relating to dividends, investments, loans, the nature and amount of and collateral for certain loans, borrowings, capital requirements, certain check-clearing activities, branching, and mergers and acquisitions, as discussed below. 
 The FDIC and the Division may exercise extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate credit 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 loss reserves for regulatory purposes. If as a result of an examination, the Division or the FDIC should determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, or other aspects of the Bank's operations are unsatisfactory or that the Bank or its management is violating or has violated any law or regulation, the Division and the FDIC have authority to undertake a variety of enforcement measures of varying degrees of severity, including, among other things: 
 (i) requiring the Bank to take affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice; 
 (ii) directing the Bank to increase capital and maintain higher specific minimum capital ratios, which may preclude the Bank from being deemed to be "well-capitalized" and restrict its ability to engage in various activities; 
 (iii) restricting the Bank's growth geographically, by products and services, or by mergers and acquisitions; 
 (iv) requiring the Bank to enter into an informal or formal enforcement action to take corrective measures and cease unsafe and unsound practices, including requesting the board of directors to adopt a binding resolution, sign a memorandum of understanding or enter into a consent order; 
 (v) requiring prior approval for any changes in senior management or the board of directors; 
 (vi) removing officers and directors and assessing civil monetary penalties; or 
 (vii) taking possession of, closing and liquidating the Bank or appointing the FDIC as receiver under certain circumstances. 
 
 Permissible Activities 
 Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (the "FDIA"), and applicable Massachusetts law, the Bank may generally engage in any activity that is permissible under Massachusetts law and either is permissible for national banks or the FDIC has determined does not pose a significant risk to the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF"). In addition, the Bank may also form, subject to the approvals of the Division and the FDIC, "financial subsidiaries" to engage in any activity that is financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity. In order to qualify for the authority to form a financial subsidiary, the Bank is required to satisfy certain conditions, some of which are substantially similar to those that the Company would be required to satisfy in order to elect to become a financial holding company. The Company believes that the Bank would be able to satisfy all of the conditions that would be required to form a financial subsidiary, although the Bank has no current intention of doing so. 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements 
 The FDIC monitors the capital adequacy of the Bank by using a combination of risk-based guidelines and leverage ratios. The FDIC considers the Bank's capital levels when taking action on various types of applications and when conducting supervisory activities related to the safety and soundness of the Bank and the banking system. As noted above, the Basel III Rules require banks to maintain four minimum capital standards: (i) a Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets ratio, or "leverage capital ratio," of at least 4.0 , (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, or "Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio," of at least 6.0 , (iii) a total risk-based capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) to risk-weighted assets ratio, or "total risk-based capital ratio," of at least 8.0 , and (iv) a common equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5 , which are the same minimum capital standards to which the Company is held on a consolidated basis. In addition, the FDIC's prompt corrective action standards discussed below, in effect, increase the minimum regulatory capital ratios for banking organizations in order to be considered "well-capitalized." Higher capital levels may be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual institutions, or if required by the banking regulators due to the economic conditions impacting our market. 
 Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements and met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject under the Basel III Rules. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The federal banking agencies define five categories in which an insured depository institution will be placed, based on the level of its capital ratios: "well-capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized" and "critically undercapitalized." Insured depository institutions are required to meet the following capital levels in order to qualify as "well-capitalized:" (i) a Total risk-based capital ratio of 10 ; (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 ; (iii) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 ; and (iv) a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 . Accordingly, a financial institution may be considered "well-capitalized" under the prompt corrective action framework, but not satisfy the capital requirements of the Basel III Rules. Generally, a financial institution must be "well-capitalized" before the Federal Reserve Board or the FRB will approve an 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 application by a bank holding company to acquire a bank or merge with a bank holding company. The FDIC applies the same requirement in approving bank merger applications. 
 
 A bank that may otherwise meets the minimum requirements to be classified as "well-capitalized," "adequately capitalized" or "undercapitalized" may be treated instead as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. Under the prompt corrective action regulations, a bank that is deemed to be "undercapitalized" or in a lesser capital category will be required to submit to its primary federal banking regulator a capital restoration plan and to comply with the plan. 
 
 The Bank's regulatory capital ratios were in excess of the levels established for "well-capitalized" institutions as of December 31, 2022. As noted above, as of December 31, 2022, management believes the Bank satisfied all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Rules. 
 
 Branching 
 
 State and Federal law provides that a Massachusetts banking company may be "eligible" to submit a notice to the Division and the FDIC to establish a branch within the Commonwealth. A bank is "eligible" to submit a notice to establish a branch in the Commonwealth if: (i) the bank has received a "satisfactory" or higher CRA rating at its most recent CRA examination by the Division or federal banking regulator; (ii) the bank is "adequately capitalized" as defined under the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the FDIC's Capital Adequacy Regulations; and (iii) the bank has not been notified that it is in troubled condition by the Division or any federal banking regulatory agency. A bank must also make an application to the Division and FDIC to relocate or close an existing branch. The Division and the FDIC consider several factors when making a decision to approve the notice, including financial condition, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, the needs of the community, and whether competition would be adversely affected. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act amended the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, (the "Riegle-Neal Act") legal framework for interstate branching to permit national banks and state banks to establish branches in any state if that state would permit the establishment of the branch by a state bank chartered in that state. The Bank may, therefore, also establish branches in any other state if that state would permit the establishment of a branch by a state bank chartered in that state. In this case, the Bank would also be required to file a notice with the Division, the FDIC and potentially the banking authority of the state into which the Bank intends to establish a branch. 
 
 Deposit Insurance 
 
 The FDIC insures the deposits of federally insured banks, such as the Bank, and thrifts, up to prescribed statutory limits of 250,000 for each depositor, through the DIF and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and thrift industries. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each insured depository institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors. 
 
 At least semi-annually, the FDIC will update its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rulemaking, if required. However, if there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines to increase assessment rates, the Bank may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums. Additionally, under the FDIA, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 
 The Bank is generally unable to control the amount of premiums that it is required to pay for FDIC insurance. In connection with the Dodd-Frank Act's requirement that insurance assessments be based on assets, in July 2016, the FDIC redefined its deposit insurance premium assessment base to be an institution's average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity and revised its deposit insurance assessment rate schedule. Assessments for institutions with assets of less than 10 billion, such as Enterprise Bank, are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of an institution's failure within three years. The FDIC is considering, and is expected to adopt, a final rule to apply the CBLR framework to the deposit insurance assessment system. 
 
 On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule applicable to all insured depository institutions increasing initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 FDIC also issued a notice maintaining a DIF reserve ratio of 2.0 for 2023. The increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 by September 30, 2028, the statutory deadline set by the Dodd-Frank Act. The new assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the DIF reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2.0 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC's long-term goal of a 2.0 designated reserve ratio for the DIF. FDIC staff may in the future recommend additional assessment rate adjustments if deemed necessary. 
 
 Restrictions on Dividends and Other Capital Distributions 
 
 Both Massachusetts and federal law limit the payment of dividends by the Bank. Under FDIC regulations and applicable Massachusetts law, the dollar amount of dividends and any other capital distributions that the Bank may make depends upon its capital position and recent net income. Any dividend payment that would exceed the total of the Bank's net profits for the current year plus its retained net profits of the preceding two years would require the Massachusetts Division of Banks' approval. The statutory term "net profits" essentially equates with the accounting term "net income" and is defined under the Massachusetts banking statutes to mean the remainder of all earnings from current operations plus actual recoveries on loans and investments and other assets after deducting from such total all current operating expenses, actual losses, accrued dividends on any preferred stock and all federal and state taxes. Applicable provisions of the FDIA also prohibit a bank from paying any dividends on its capital stock if the bank is in default on the payment of any assessment to the FDIC or if the payment of dividends would otherwise cause the bank to become "undercapitalized." If the Bank's capital becomes impaired or the FDIC or Division otherwise determines that the Bank needs more than normal supervision, the Bank may be prohibited or otherwise limited from paying any dividends or making any other capital distributions to the Company. Consequently, any restrictions, regulatory or otherwise, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company may restrict the ability of the Company to pay dividends to the holders of its common stock. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The CRA and the regulations issued thereunder are intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their entire assessment area, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operations of such banks. The CRA requires that the FDIC and the Division evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting such credit needs. The CRA evaluation is also considered by the bank regulatory agencies in evaluating approvals for mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open, relocate or close a branch or facility. Failure to adequately meet the criteria within CRA guidelines could impose additional requirements and limitations on the Bank. Additionally, the Bank must publicly disclose the ability to request the Bank's CRA Performance Evaluation and other various related documents. The Bank received a rating of "High Satisfactory" by the Division and "Satisfactory" by the FDIC on its most recent CRA examination. 
 
 On May 5, 2022, the federal banking regulators issued a joint proposed rule to revise regulations implementing the CRA, which seeks to strengthen the purpose of the CRA, adapt to changes in the banking industry, including the expanded role of mobile and online banking, provide clarity and consistency in the application of CRA regulations, tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions, tailor data collection and reporting requirements, promote transparency and public engagement, confirm that CRA and fair lending are mutually reinforcing, and create a consistent regulatory approach that applies to banks regulated by all of the federal banking regulators. While the comment period for the proposed rule expired in August 2022, a final rule has not yet been implemented by the federal banking regulators. The Company and the Bank will continue to monitor these developments. 
 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Loans to Insiders 
 
 Transactions between the Bank and its affiliates are subject to the provisions of Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (the "Affiliates Act"), and the Federal Reserve Board's Regulation W, as such provisions are made applicable to state non-member banks by Section 18(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Affiliates of a bank include, among other entities, the bank's holding company and companies that are under common control with the bank. 
 
 These provisions place limits on the amount of loans or extensions of credit and investment in affiliates; assets that may be purchased, extensions of credit to third parties collateralized by securities or obligation and the guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit issued on behalf of an affiliate. 
 
 The total amount of the above transactions is limited in amount, as to any one affiliate, to 10 of the Bank's capital and surplus and, as to all affiliates combined, to 20 of its capital and surplus. In addition to the limitation on the amount of these 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 transactions, each of the above transactions must also meet specified collateral requirements and the types of permissible collateral may be limited. The Bank must also comply with other provisions designed to avoid the purchase or acquisition of low-quality assets from affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the scope of Section 23A, which now includes investment funds managed by an institution as an affiliate, as well as other procedural and substantive hurdles. 
 
 The Bank is also subject to Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act which, among other things, prohibits the Bank from engaging in any transaction with an affiliate unless the transaction is on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated companies. The Federal Reserve Board has also issued Regulation W which codifies prior regulations under the Affiliates Act and interpretive guidance with respect to affiliate transactions. In March 2020, the Federal Reserve Board issued to certain banks a temporary waiver of the limitations set forth under Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W in order to allow such banks to purchase certain assets from affiliated broker-dealers and money market mutual funds. The relief afforded by such waivers generally will expire six months after the date of issuance. 
 
 Under both Massachusetts and federal law, the Bank is also subject to restrictions on extensions of credit to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders and their related interests. These extensions of credit (i) must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties, (ii) must follow the credit underwriting procedures at least as stringent as those applicable to comparable transactions with third parties, and (iii) must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded coverage of transactions with insiders by including credit exposure arising from derivative transactions (which are also covered by the expansion of Section 23A). The Dodd-Frank Act prohibits an insured depository institution from purchasing or selling an asset to an executive officer, director, or principal shareholder (or any related interest of such a person) unless the transaction is on market terms, and, if the transaction exceeds 10 of the institution's capital, it is approved in advance by a majority of the disinterested directors. 
 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations 
 
 The federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-farm nonresidential properties (excluding loans secured by owner-occupied properties) and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 300 or more of total capital and the bank's commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address the following key elements: including board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank's concentrations of commercial real estate loans fell slightly above the established levels and the Company believes its credit risk administration to be consistent with heightened risk management regulatory guidance. 
 
 The Basel III Rules also require loans categorized as "high-volatility commercial real estate," or HVCRE, to be assigned a 150 risk weighting and require additional capital support. However, the EGRRCPA prohibits federal banking regulators from imposing this higher capital standards on HVCRE exposures unless they are for higher risk loans for acquisition, development or construction, or ADC, and clarifying ADC status. 
 
 Effective April 1, 2020, federal banking regulators implemented a final rule revising the definition of a HVCRE exposure and providing interpretations of certain aspects of Acquisition Development and Construction loans. This final rule did not have a material impact on the Banks' Consolidated Report of Condition and Income. 
 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 
 
 On May 24, 2018, the EGRRCPA was enacted, which repeals or modifies certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eases regulations on all but the largest banks. The EGRRCPA's provisions for which banking agencies have now issued certain corresponding guidance documents and/or proposed or final rules include, among other things: (i) creating a new category of "qualified mortgages" presumed to satisfy ability-to-repay requirements for loans that meet certain criteria and are held in portfolio by banks with less than 10 billion in assets; (ii) not requiring appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas; (iii) exempting banks that originate fewer than 500 open-end and 500 closed-end mortgages from the 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act's expanded data disclosures; (iv) clarifying that, subject to various conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained using a deposit broker through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC's brokered-deposit regulations; and (v) simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to establish for institutions under 10 billion in assets a community bank leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) at a percentage not less than 8 and not greater than 10 that such institutions may elect to replace the general applicable risk-based capital requirements for determining well-capitalized status. For those regulations that have been implemented, most will have little to no impact on the Company. However, the Company may be impacted by future agency rulemaking in connection with implementation of the EGRRCPA and it is difficult to anticipate the continued impact this expansive legislation may have on the Company, its customers and the financial industry generally. 
 
 For more information on the EGRRCPA, please see the following sections "Permissible Activities," "Community Bank Leverage Ratio," and "Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations," above, and "Consumer Financial Protection Bureau" and "HMDA," below. 
 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB") was created under the Dodd-Frank Act to centralize responsibility for consumer financial protection with broad rulemaking, supervision and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that would apply to all banks and thrifts, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth-in Lending Act ("TILA"), Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ("RESPA"), Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain other statutes. Significant recent CFPB developments include: 
 
 continued focus on fair lending, including promoting racial and economic equity for underserved, vulnerable and marginalized communities; 
 focused efforts on enforcing certain compliance obligations the CFPB deems a priority, such as automobile loan servicing, debt collection, deposit, overdraft, non-sufficient funds, representment fees and other services fees, mortgage origination and servicing, and remittances, among others; and 
 rulemaking plans concerning, among others, consumers access to their financial information and requirements for financial institutions to collect, report and make public certain information concerning credit applications made by women-owned, minority-owned and small businesses. 
 
 Banking institutions with total assets of 10 billion or less, such as the Bank, remain subject to the supervision and enforcement of their primary federal banking regulator with respect to the federal consumer financial protection laws and such additional regulations as may be adopted by the CFPB. 
 
 The "Ability-to-Repay/Qualified Mortgage" rules, which amended TILA's implementing regulation, Regulation Z generally require s creditors to make a reasonable, good faith determination of a consumer's ability to repay for certain consumer credit transactions secured by a dwelling and establishes certain protections from liability under this requirement for "qualified mortgages." The EGRRCPA provides that for certain insured depository institutions and insured credit unions with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, mortgage loans that are originated and retained in portfolio will automatically be deemed to satisfy the "ability to repay" requirement. To qualify for this treatment, the insured depository institutions and credit unions must meet conditions relating to prepayment penalties, points and fees, negative amortization, interest-only features and documentation among other conditions. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act implemented significant increases in the regulation of mortgage lending and servicing by banks and non-banks. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act includes, among other things, (i) requirements that mortgage originators act in the best interests of a consumer and seek to ensure that a consumer will have the capacity to repay a loan that the consumer enters into; (ii) requirements that mortgage originators be properly qualified, registered, and licensed and comply with any regulations designed by the CFPB to monitor their operations; (iii) mandates of comprehensive additional and enhanced residential mortgage loan related disclosures, both prior to loan origination and after; and (iv) mandates of additional appraisal practices for loans secured by residential dwellings, including potential additional appraisals at the banks cost. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act ("HMDA") 
 
 On October 15, 2015, pursuant to Section 1094 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB issued amended rules in regard to the collection, reporting and disclosure of certain residential mortgage transactions under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (the "HMDA Rules"). The Dodd-Frank Act mandated additional loan data collection points in addition to authorizing the Bureau to require other data collection points under implementing Regulation C. Most of the provisions of the HMDA Rule went into effect on January 1, 2018 and apply to data collected in 2018 and reporting in 2019 and later years. The HMDA Rule adopts a uniform loan volume threshold for all financial institutions, modifies the types of transactions that are subject to collection and reporting, expands the loan data information being collected and reported, and modifies procedures for annual submission and annual public disclosures. EGRRCPA amended provisions of the HMDA Rule to exempt certain insured institutions from most of the expanded data collection requirements required of the Dodd-Frank Act. The CFPB further amended the HMDA Rules in April 2020 so that, effective January 1, 2022, institutions originating fewer than 100 dwelling secured closed-end mortgage loans or fewer than 200 dwelling secured open-end lines are exempt from the expanded data collection requirements. On February 1, 2023, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued OCC Bulletin 2023-5 which clarified that, following a recent court decision vacating the 2020 HMDA Final Rule as to the loan volume reporting threshold for closed-end mortgage loans, the loan origination threshold for reporting HMDA data on closed-end mortgage loans reverted to the 25 loan threshold established by the 2015 HMDA Final Rule. The Bank does not receive this reporting relief based on the number of dwellings secured mortgage loans reported annually. 
 
 UDAP and UDAAP 
 
 Banking regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address "unfair", "deceptive" or "abusive" acts and business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, referred to as the FTC Act, which is the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, referred to as UDAP, and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce. "Unjustified consumer injury is the principal focus of the FTC Act. UDAP laws and regulations were expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, referred to as UDAAP and were delegated to CFPB for rulemaking. The federal banking agencies have the authority to enforce such rules and regulations. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, CFPB looks to various factors to assess whether an act or practice unfair, including whether it causes or is likely to cause substantial injury to consumers, the injury is not reasonably avoidable by consumers, and the injury is not outweighed by countervailing benefits to consumers or to competition. A key focus of CFPB is whether an act or practice hinders a consumer s decision-making. 
 
 Incentive Compensation 
 
 In June 2010, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization's incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization's ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization's board of directors. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Company, that are not "large, complex banking organizations." The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization's safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 
 In addition, publicly traded companies are required by the SEC to give shareholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation at least every three years and on so-called "golden parachute" payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions unless previously voted on by shareholders. Also, certain publicly traded companies are required to disclose the ratio of the compensation of its chief executive officer ("CEO") to the median compensation of its employees. The Company addresses these votes and disclosures in its annual Proxy Statement. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal banking regulators to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess of 1 billion, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded or not. In May 2016, the federal banking regulators, joined by the SEC, proposed such a rule that is tailored based on the asset size of the institution. All covered financial institutions would be subject to a prohibition on paying compensation, fees, and benefits that are "unreasonable" or "disproportionate" to the value of the services performed by a person covered by the proposed rule (generally, senior executive officers and employees who are significant risk-takers). As of the date of this Form 10-K, the federal banking regulators have not yet implemented a final rule with respect to excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies. Finally, the Dodd-Frank Act gives the SEC authority to prohibit broker discretionary voting on elections of directors and executive compensation matters. 
 In August 2022, the SEC adopted the final "pay-for-performance" rule mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other disclosure requirements, the rule requires companies to disclose the relationships among named executive officer compensation "actually paid," total shareholder return and certain financial performance measures that the company uses to link compensation to company performance for its five most recent fiscal years. The rule will first apply to disclosures in the Company's proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including the NASDAQ, to implement listing standards that require listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or "clawback" of excess incentive-based compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. The final rule requires the Company to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after such listing standard becomes effective. 
 
 Technology Risk Management and Consumer Privacy 
 
 State and federal banking regulators have issued various policy statements emphasizing the importance of technology risk management and supervision in evaluating the safety and soundness of depository institutions with respect to banks that contract with third-party vendors to provide data processing and core banking functions. The use of technology-related products, services, delivery channels and processes expose a bank to various risks, particularly operational, privacy, cyber and information security, strategic, reputation and compliance risk. Banks are generally expected to prudently manage technology-related risks as part of their comprehensive risk management policies by identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling risks associated with the use of technology. 
 
 Under Section 501 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the federal banking agencies have established appropriate standards for financial institutions regarding the implementation of safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of customer records and information, protection against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records and protection against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information in a way that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to a customer. Among other matters, the rules require each bank to implement a comprehensive written information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards relating to customer information. In addition, Massachusetts has established Standards for the Protection of Personal Information which create minimum standards to be met in connection with the safeguarding of personal information and outline the content and timing of disclosures required following a system breach or compromise. 
 
 Beginning May 1, 2022, a bank holding company, such as the Company, and an FDIC-supervised depository institution, such as the Bank, are required to notify the Federal Reserve or FDIC, respectively, as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after a determination that a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. 
 
 Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, all financial institutions must develop initial and annual privacy notices that are provided to its customers describing in general terms, the bank s information sharing practices to affiliated and non-affiliated third parties and the customer s ability to opt-out of certain information sharing practices. Limitations are placed on the extent to which a bank can disclose an account number or access code for credit card, deposit or transaction accounts to any unaffiliated third-party for use in marketing. 
 
 Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT Act 
 
 Our Company and the Bank are also subject to the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the "USA PATRIOT Act") and as further amended by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (the "National Defense Authorization Act"), 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 which gives the federal government powers to address money laundering and terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, and mandatory transaction reporting obligations. The Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT Act impose an affirmative obligation on the Bank to establish an anti-money laundering program designed to monitor and prohibit against certain transactions and account relationships, create due diligence standards for "know your customer;" regularly compare customer lists against lists of suspected terrorists, terrorist organizations and money launderers; report currency transactions that exceed certain thresholds; and to report other transactions determined to be suspicious. Financial institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious information maintained by financial institutions. The Bank Secrecy Act requires that all banking institutions develop and provide for the continued administration of a program reasonably designed to assure and monitor compliance with certain record-keeping and reporting requirements regarding both domestic and international currency transactions. These programs must, at a minimum, provide for a system of internal controls to assure ongoing compliance, provide for independent testing of such systems and compliance, designate individuals responsible for such compliance and provide appropriate personnel training. 
 
 The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN") issued a final rule regarding customer due diligence requirements for covered financial institutions in connection with their Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering policies, that became effective in May 2018. The final rule adds a requirement to understand the nature and purpose of customer relationships and identify the "beneficial owner" (25 or more ownership interest) of legal entity customers. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they must consider an institution's anti-money laundering compliance when considering regulatory applications filed by the institution, including applications for bank mergers and acquisitions. The regulatory authorities have imposed "cease and desist" orders and civil money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 
 Further, on January 1, 2021, Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which enacted the most significant overhaul of the Bank Secrecy Act and related anti-money laundering laws since the USA PATRIOT Act. Notable amendments include (i) significant changes to the collection of beneficial ownership information and the establishment of a beneficial ownership registry placing responsibility to the corporate entities to report beneficial ownership information to FinCEN (which will be maintained by FinCEN and made available upon request to financial institutions); (ii) enhanced whistleblower provisions, which provide that one or more whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information leading to the successful enforcement of violations of the anti-money laundering laws in any judicial or administrative action brought by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Attorney General resulting in monetary sanctions exceeding 1 million (iii) increased penalties for violations of the Bank Secrecy Act; (iv) improvements to existing information sharing provisions that permit financial institutions to share information relating to suspicious activity reports (SARs) with foreign branches, subsidiaries, and affiliates (except those located in China, Russia, or certain other jurisdictions) for the purpose of combating illicit finance risks; and (v) expanded duties and powers of FinCEN. Many of the amendments, including those with respect to beneficial ownership, require the Department of Treasury and FinCEN to promulgate rules. 
 
 Other Operations and Consumer Compliance Laws 
 
 The Bank must comply with numerous other federal anti-money laundering and consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations, including but not limited to the Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Funds Transfer Act, Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Federal Housing Act, the National Flood Insurance Act and various other federal and state privacy protection laws. Failure to comply in any material respect with any of these laws could subject the Bank to lawsuits and could also result in administrative penalties, including fines and reimbursements. The Company and the Bank are also subject to federal and state laws prohibiting unfair or fraudulent business practices, untrue or misleading advertising and unfair competition. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans, and providing other services. 
 
 Environmental Laws Potentially Impacting the Bank 
 
 We are subject to state and federal environmental laws and regulations. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA") is a federal statute that generally imposes strict liability on all prior and present "owners and operators" of sites containing hazardous waste. However, Congress acted to protect secured creditors by providing that the term "owner and operator" excludes a person whose ownership is limited to protecting its security interest in the site. Since the enactment of the CERCLA, this "secured creditor exemption" has been the subject of judicial interpretations which 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 have left open the possibility that lenders could be liable for cleanup costs on contaminated property that they hold as collateral for a loan, which costs often substantially exceed the value of the property. 
 
 Other Pending and Proposed Legislation 
 
 From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company or Bank in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the company or our subsidiaries could have a material effect on the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The Company maintains a Compliance Management Program designed to meet regulatory and legislative requirements. See Key Risk Areas, below under the heading "Risk Management Framework." 
 
 Risk Management Framework 
 
 In addition to the risks discussed below, numerous other factors that could adversely affect the Company's future results of operations and financial condition, and its reputation and business model are addressed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of this Form 10-K. This Risk Management Framework discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1A. 
 
 Management utilizes a comprehensive enterprise risk management framework that enables a coordinated and structured approach for identifying, assessing, and managing risks across the Company and provides reasonable assurance that management has the tools, programs, people, and processes in place to support informed decision making, anticipate risks before they materialize and maintain the Company's risk profile consistent with its strategic planning, and applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 These risks, and the decisions related thereto, include, but are not limited to: credit risk, market and interest rate risk, legal and regulatory compliance risk, corporate governance, internal control over financial reporting, reputational risk, strategic risk, capital risk, compensation risk, liquidity management, information technology and cybersecurity risk, physical security, loss and fraud prevention, policy reviews, third party risk management (direct and indirect vendors) and contract management, business continuity and succession planning, and short and long-term capital projects and facility planning. 
 
 The Company promotes proactive risk management by all Enterprise employees with clear ownership and accountability. Managers in each line of business have responsibility for identifying, assessing, and managing the risks in their areas. The Risk Management department is responsible for providing guidance, oversight, and input on remediation to business lines to provide reasonable assurance that risk assessments and mitigating controls and procedures are properly designed and functioning within their areas. The Risk Management department also independently monitors operational risk, including information security, third-party risk management, disaster recovery and business continuity planning. In addition, the Internal Audit department, which is independent of management, through reviews and testing, confirms appropriate risk management controls, processes and systems are in place and functioning effectively. The Company also maintains a package of commercial insurance policies with national insurers, which provides for a broad range of insurance coverage for a variety of risk factors, at levels deemed appropriate by management. Insurance policies are reviewed annually, or as circumstances change, by management for necessary updates and adjustments in coverage, in addition to reviews by an independent third party and the Audit Committee of the Board. 
 
 The CEO has overall responsibility for risk management and manages strategic and reputational risks. The Chief Risk Officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining oversight of the Company's enterprise risk management framework and manages operational, legal fraud and compliance risks. The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for financial risk management activities including market, interest rate, liquidity, and capital adequacy, and evaluating the effectiveness of the design of internal control over financial reporting. The Credit Director, Chief Commercial Lending and Chief Residential Lending Officers are responsible for managing credit risk. The Chief Information Officer is responsible for technology risk management including technology governance, architecture, infrastructure, data management and application support, the 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Chief Information Security Officer is responsible for the bank-wide cyber and information security program, and the Chief Human Resources Officer is responsible for compensation risk management, adequate staffing levels, succession, and training and development. Periodically management reports and risk assessments are provided to the Board or its committees relating to the Bank's risk profile and the adequacy of the risk management program. 
 
 Key Risk Areas 
 
 The Company maintains a Compliance Management Program (the "CMP") designed to meet regulatory and legislative requirements. The CMP provides a framework for tracking and implementing regulatory changes, monitoring the effectiveness of policies and procedures, conducting compliance risk assessments, managing customer complaints, and educating employees in matters relating to regulatory compliance. The Audit Committee of the Board oversees the effectiveness of the CMP. 
 
 Operational risk includes the threat of loss from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or external events, due to, among other things: fraud or error; the inability to deliver products or services; failure to maintain a competitive position; lack of, or insufficient information security, cybersecurity, or physical security; inadequate procedures or controls followed by third-party service providers; or violations of ethical standards. In addition to ongoing employee training, and employee and customer awareness campaigns, controls to manage operational risk include, but are not limited to, technology administration, cyber and information security, third-party risk management, and disaster recovery and business continuity planning. 
 
 The Company's technology administration includes policies and guidelines for the design, procurement, installation, management and acceptable use of hardware, software, and network devices as well as third-party hosted and cloud-based solutions. The Company's project management standards are designed to provide risk-based oversight, coordinate and communicate ideas, and to prioritize and manage project implementation in a manner consistent with corporate objectives. 
 The Company has implemented layered security approaches for all electronic delivery channels to detect, prevent and respond to rising cybersecurity risks. Management utilizes a combination of third-party information security assessments, key technologies, and ongoing internal and external evaluations to provide a level of protection of non-public personal information, to continually monitor and attempt to safeguard information on its operating systems, in cloud-based solutions, and those of third-party service providers, and to prevent, quickly detect and respond to attacks. The Company also utilizes firewall technology, multi-factor authentication, complex password construction, and a combination of software and third-party monitoring to detect and prevent intrusion, and cybersecurity threats, guard against unauthorized access, and continuously identify and prevent computer viruses on the Company's information solutions. To minimize debit card losses, the Company works with a third-party provider to establish parameters for allowable transaction activity, monitor transactions, and alert customers of potentially fraudulent activity. 
 
 The Bank maintains a written Information Security Program based on a collection of information security policies, regulatory requirements, standards, guidelines, processes, procedures, third party recommendations, and industry best practices. The purpose of this Program is to establish a company-wide approach for assessing and protecting the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of the Bank s information assets. The Chief Information Security Officer, who is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional with over ten years experience in managing information security, regularly reports to the Board Technology Information Security Committee on information and cyber security strategy, testing, training, policies, procedures, cyber security insurance, and overall effectiveness of the Information Security Program and would report and discuss material incidents, and ongoing mitigation status, if any should occur. 
 
 The Company has a third-party risk management program designed to enable management to determine what risk, if any, a particular vendor and indirect vendors or subcontractors, exposes the Company to, and to rate and mitigate that risk by properly performing initial and ongoing due diligence when selecting or maintaining relationships with third-party service providers and their subcontractors, for both on-premise, cloud-based, and third-party hosted technology solutions. 
 The Company's Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Program combined with the Company's Pandemic Plan (the "plans") provide the information and procedures required to enable a rapid recovery from an occurrence that would disable the Company's operations for an extended period, due to circumstances such as: loss of personnel; loss of data and/or loss of access to, or the physical destruction or damage of facilities, infrastructure or systems; or denial of access to our systems or information by outside parties. The plans, which are reviewed annually, establish responsibility for assessing a disruption of business, contains alternative strategies for the continuance of critical business functions during an emergency, assigns responsibility for restoring services, and sets recovery point and time objectives by which critical services will be restored. A bank-owned and maintained secondary data center location provides the Company with back-up network processing capabilities if needed. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has developed an Incident Response Plan to guide its actions in responding to real and suspected information security incidents. This includes unlawful, unauthorized, or unacceptable actions that involve a computer system or a computer network such as Distributed Denial of Service attacks, Corporate Account Takeover schemes, or ransomware. Additionally, an event that disrupts one of the Bank's service channels, whether from a security incident or not, is also considered an incident requiring a response under this program. These disclosure controls and procedures compel the Company to make appropriate accurate and timely disclosures of material events and incidents to both customers and regulatory authorities. The reaction to an incident aims to reduce potential damage and loss and to protect and restore confidence through timely communication and the restoration of normal operating conditions for computers, services, and information. Management will work closely with its cybersecurity insurance provider when investigating and responding to cyber or ransomware attacks. 
 
 The Technology Information Security Committee of the Board oversees the technology and cybersecurity strategies and their alignment with business strategies. The Committee also oversees the effectiveness of the information security program and monitors the results of third-party testing and risk assessments and responses to breaches of customer data, among other project management, cybersecurity, and business continuity oversight functions. 
 
 Credit risk management is reviewed in detail in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in the section "Loans," under the heading "Credit Risk" of this Form 10-K. The Loan Committee of the Board oversees the effectiveness of the credit risk management. 
 
 Liquidity management is reviewed in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in the section entitled "Financial Condition" under the heading "Liquidity" of this Form 10-K. 
 Interest rate risk is reviewed in detail under Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," of this Form 10-K below. 
 
 The Board of Directors oversees the Company's asset liability management, which includes managing interest rate risk and liquidity. 
 
 For information regarding capital planning, current capital framework requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank and their respective capital levels at December 31, 2022, see the section within Item 1, "Business," entitled "Capital Resources" and the sections within "Supervision and Regulation" entitled "Capital Requirements" and "Capital Requirements under Basel III" and for the Bank "Capital Adequacy Requirements" of this Form 10-K and also see Note 12, "Shareholders' Equity," to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company maintains a set of internal controls over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance to management that the information required to be disclosed in reports it files with or furnishes to the SEC is prepared and fairly presented based on properly recorded, processed, and summarized information. The Audit Committee of the Board oversees the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. See Item 9A, "Controls and Procedures," of this Form 10-K for management's reports on its evaluation of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. 
 Any system of controls or contingency plan, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect all risks, and therefore can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. An overview of these risks, among others, related to the Company are outlined in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Form 10-K, below. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in the Company's common stock is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, those set forth below, any of which could cause the Company's actual results to vary materially from recent results or from the other forward-looking statements that the Company may make from time to time in news releases, periodic reports and other written or oral communications. This Form 10-K is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 
 Realization of any of the risks outlined in the following sections, the Company's inability to identify, respond and correct a 
 breakdown in the integrity of the design or functioning of the Company s internal controls and contingency plan, or additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of, or may currently deem immaterial, may impair the Company's business in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, any one or a combination of the following consequences: loss of assets; an interruption in the ability to conduct business and process transactions; loss of customer business; loss of key personnel; expose 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 customers' personal information to unauthorized parties; additional regulatory scrutiny and potential enforcement actions and/or penalties against the Company or the Bank; damage the Company's reputation; expose the Company to civil litigation and possible financial liability; result in unanticipated charges against capital; increase operational costs; decrease revenue; restrict funding sources, which could adversely impact the Company's ability to meet cash needs; force the Company to liquidate investments or other assets; limit growth and branch network expansion; close locations or reduce staffing; or limit permissible activities. As a result, the Company's overall business, financial condition, results of operations, capital position, ability to pay dividends on outstanding common stock, liquidity position, and financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of the Company's common stock could decline significantly, and shareholders could lose some or all their investment. 
 
 The material risks and uncertainties that management believes may affect the Company are outlined below. These risks and uncertainties are not listed in any order of priority and are not necessarily the only ones facing the Company. 
 
 RISK MANAGEMENT CONTROLS 
 
 Risk Management Controls and Procedures Could Fail or Be Circumvented 
 Management regularly reviews and updates the Company's internal controls, corporate governance policies, compensation policies, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and security controls to prevent and detect errors and potential monetary losses, loss of confidential information and data, and loss of physical assets by theft, malicious destruction or damage, fraud, or robbery from both internal and external sources. 
 
 The Company is at risk of ineffective design of internal controls, any circumvention of the Company's internal controls and procedures, whether intentional or unintentional, or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures, or failure to adequately execute controls and procedures, whether by employees, management, directors, or external elements, or any illegal activity conducted by a Bank customer or employee. 
 
 LENDING 
 
 There are inherent risks associated with the Company's lending activities. These risks include, among other things, the impact of changes in the economic conditions in the market areas in which the Company operates and changes in interest rates. In addition, the Company may be impacted by the following risks associated with its lending activities: 
 
 Commercial Lending Generally Involves a Higher Degree of Risk than Retail Residential Mortgage Lending 
 The Company's loan portfolio consists primarily of commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, and commercial construction loans. These types of loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than owner-occupied residential real estate loans or consumer loans, and typically have larger balances. The underlying commercial real estate values, a lower demand for office and retail space, the actual costs necessary to complete a construction project, or customer cash flow and payment expectations on such loans can be more easily influenced by adverse conditions in the related industries, the real estate market or in the economy and are dependent on the skills and experience of the business' management team. 
 
 The Company May Need to Increase its Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Company to make significant estimates of current credit risks, non-performing trends, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, all of which may undergo material changes. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review the Company's allowance for credit losses and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that may differ from those of the Company's management. 
 
 Increases in the Company's Non-performing Assets Could Adversely Affect the Company's Results of Operations and Financial Condition in the Future 
 Non-performing assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. No interest income is recorded on non-accrual loans or other real estate owned, thereby adversely affecting income and returns on assets and equity. In addition, loan administration and workout costs increase, including significant time commitments from management and staff, resulting in additional reductions of earnings. When taking collateral in foreclosures and similar proceedings, the Company is required to carry the property or loan at its then-estimated fair value less estimated cost to sell, which, when compared to the carrying value of the loan, may result in a loss. In addition, any errors in documentation or previously unknown defects 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 in deeds may impact the Company's ability to perfect title of the collateral in foreclosure. These non-performing loans and other real estate owned assets also increase the Company's risk profile and the capital that regulators believe is appropriate in light of such risks and have an impact on the Company's FDIC risk-based deposit insurance premium rate. 
 
 The Company's Use of Appraisals in Deciding Whether to Make a Loan Does Not Ensure the Value of the Collateral 
 In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property or other business assets, the sale of which may provide ultimate recovery of the outstanding balance of the loan, the Company generally requires an internal evaluation or independent appraisal of the collateral supporting the loan. However, these assessment methods are only an estimate of the value of the collateral at the time the assessment is made and involve estimates and assumptions. An error in fact, estimate or judgment could adversely affect the reliability of the valuation. Furthermore, changes in those estimates due to the economic environment and events occurring after the initial assessment, may cause the value of the collateral to differ significantly from the initial valuations. As a result, the value of collateral securing a loan may be less than estimated at the time of assessment, and if a default occurs the Company may not recover the outstanding balance of the loan. 
 
 The Company is Subject to Environmental Risks Associated with Real Estate Held as Collateral or Occupied 
 While the Company s lending, foreclosure and facilities policies and guidelines are intended to exclude properties with an unreasonable risk of contamination, hazardous substances could exist on some of the properties that the Company may own, acquire, manage, or occupy. Environmental laws could force the Company to clean up the properties at the Company s expense. It may cost much more to clean a property than the property is worth, and it may be difficult or impossible to sell contaminated properties. The Company could also be liable for pollution generated by a borrower s operations if the Company takes a role in managing those operations after a default. 
 
 Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Loans are Subject to Heightened Risk Management and Regulatory Review 
 If a concentration in commercial real estate lending is present, as measured under government banking regulations, management must employ heightened risk management lending practices that address the following key elements: board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, portfolio risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. If a concentration is determined to exist, the Company may incur additional operating expenses in order to comply with additional risk management practices and increased capital requirements. 
 
 ECONOMICS FINANCIAL MARKETS 
 
 The Company's financial results are impacted by the general economic conditions of the United States and the primary market areas in which the Company operates. Any weakening in general economic conditions in the United States or the New England region, a long-term deterioration of the regional economy, the local impact of worsening national economic conditions or continued geopolitical instability could negatively impact the Company s financial results. 
 
 The Company's Investment Portfolio Could Incur Losses or Fair Value Could Deteriorate 
 There are inherent risks associated with the Company's investment activities. These risks include the impact from changes in interest rates, credit risk related to weakness in real estate values, municipalities, government sponsored enterprises, or other industries, the impact of changes in income tax rates on the value of tax-exempt securities, adverse changes in regional or national economic conditions, and general turbulence in domestic and foreign financial markets, among other things. If an investment's value is in an unrealized loss position, the Company is required to assess the security to determine if a valuation allowance for the credit exposure of the debt security is necessary, which, if necessary, is recorded as a charge to earnings. These conditions could adversely impact the ultimate collectability of the Company's investments. 
 
 Federal Reserve repeatedly raised their target benchmark interest rate in 2022, resulting in subsequent prime lending rate increases of 425 basis points between March and December of 2022, and further resulting in a significant increase in market interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022. If market interest rates continue to rise, the fair value of the fixed income bond portfolio will decrease, resulting in additional unrealized losses, and depending on the extent of the rise in interest rates, the increase in unrealized losses could be significant. The non-credit portion of unrealized losses are recorded to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ("AOCI") a component of Shareholders' Equity. A significant increase in market rates may have a negative impact on book value per common share. The Company's bond portfolio is expected to mature at par and therefore the unrealized losses in the portfolio that result from higher market interest rates will decrease as the bonds become closer to maturity. However, if the Company were required to sell investment securities with an unrealized loss for any reason, including liquidity needs, the unrealized loss would become realized and reduce 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 both net income for the reported period and regulatory capital, which as currently reported, excludes unrealized losses on investment securities. 
 
 The Company is Subject to Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company's earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon its net interest income, meaning the difference or spread between interest income earned and interest expense paid. Changes in market interest rates may affect the rates on our loan, investment and deposit products at differing speed in both time and scale, which could negatively impact the spread and demand for bank products. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Company's control, including competition, the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, inflation and deflation, and volatility of domestic and global financial markets due to any number of factors including, among other things, the persistence of the ongoing inflationary environment in the United States and in our market area and current geopolitical tensions. 
 
 A prolonged period of volatile and unstable financial market conditions could increase our funding costs and negatively affect our asset-liability management strategies. Fluctuations in interest rates could impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, any of which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund future growth, our operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 The Company is subject to Inflation Risk 
 Unlike an industrial company, virtually all assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates, which are impacted by inflation, have a more significant impact on the Company's performance than the general level of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction, or at the same magnitude, as the prices of other goods and services impacted by inflation. 
 
 Inflation could result in higher interest rates and increased interest rate risk. The risks to our business from inflation depends on the durability of the current inflationary pressures in our markets. Transitory increases in inflation are unlikely to have a material impact on our business or earnings. However, more persistent inflation could lead to tighter-than-expected monetary policy and higher interest rates, which could increase the borrowings costs of our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations. High interest rates could slow loan growth and increase cost of funds for the Company, reduce net interest margin and profitability, lower asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Refer to Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," below in this Form 10-K, for more information on the projected impact of interest rates on the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 
 LIQUIDITY 
 
 Deposit Outflows May Increase Reliance on Borrowings and Brokered Deposits as Sources of Funds 
 The Company has historically funded its asset growth through customer deposits and to a lesser extent through wholesale borrowings (e.g., brokered deposits and borrowed funds). As a general matter, customer deposits are typically a lower cost source of funds than external wholesale funding. If the balance of the Company's customer deposits decrease or are less than the Company's asset growth, the Company may have to rely more heavily on higher-costing wholesale funding or other sources of external funding or may have to significantly increase deposit rates to maintain deposit levels in the future, all of which may lower the Company's net interest income, net interest margin and its profitability. 
 
 Sources of External Funding Could Become Restricted and Impact the Company's Liquidity 
 If, as a result of general economic conditions or other events, sources of external funding become restricted or are eliminated, the Company may not be able to raise adequate funds, may incur substantially higher funding costs, be required to sell assets, restrict operations, or restrict the payment of dividends. 
 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES 
 
 The use of technology related products, services, delivery channels, access points and processes expose the Company to various risks, particularly operational, privacy, cybersecurity, strategic, reputation and compliance risk. The ongoing move towards more cloud-based and third-party hosted technology solutions may subject the Bank to certain heightened cyber risks. Banks 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 are required by regulatory agencies to prudently manage cyber, third-party, cloud-based and technology-related risks as part of their comprehensive risk management policies by identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling these risks. 
 
 Failure to Keep Pace with Technological Change Could Affect the Company's Profitability 
 The banking industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products, services, data management and delivery channels. Failure to successfully plan or keep pace with technological changes affecting the banking industry, or failure to adequately train and educate staff and customers on the use and risks of new technologies, failure to capture or manage data, or failure to comply adequately with regulatory guidance regarding information and cybersecurity could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and, in turn, the Company's financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there may be significant time and expenses associated with upgrading and implementing new technology, technology compliance, information security and cybersecurity processes. 
 
 Information Systems Could Experience an Interruption, Failure, Breach in Security, or Cyber-Attack 
 The Company relies heavily on public utilities infrastructures, internal information and operating systems, and cloud-based solutions and storage to conduct its business, and these systems could fail in a variety of ways. In addition, the use of network, cloud-based, or third-party hosted systems expose the Company to the increased sophistication and activity of cyber-criminals, both domestic and international. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the information resources of the Company. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve blocking the Company from accessing its own systems or remote servers in exchange for a ransom payment, gaining unauthorized access directly to our information systems, or indirectly through our vendors and customers systems or servers, for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential corporate information or customers' Personally Identifiable Information, corrupting data, denying access or causing operational disruption. The Company's independent third-party service providers or their subcontractors may also have access to customers' personal information and therefore also expose the Company to cybersecurity risk. Additionally, vendors' and customers' home, business or mobile information systems and the servers they rely on, are at risk of fraudulent corporate account takeovers which the Company may not be able to detect. There is no guarantee the Company's counteractions will be successful or that the Company will have the resources or technical expertise to anticipate, detect or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. 
 
 The occurrence of any failures or disruptions of infrastructure, or breakdown, breach, failures or interruptions of the Company's information systems, access points, or those hosted by third-party service providers and customers, or in the cloud, or the Company's inability to detect, respond, disclose and correct such occurrence or compromise in a timely manner, could result in an interruption in our ability to conduct transactions for an indeterminable length of time, could expose customers' personal and confidential information to unauthorized parties, increase the risk of fraud or theft, subject the Company to increased operational costs to detect and rectify the situation, damage the Company's reputation and deter customers from using the Company's services, increase the Company insurance cost or the ability to obtain adequate cyber insurance coverage, subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny, and expose the Company to civil litigation and possible financial liability. 
 
 OPERATIONS 
 
 The Company Operates in a Competitive Industry and Market Area 
 The Company faces substantial competition in all areas of its operations from a variety of different competitors within its market area. Some of these competitors are larger and have more financial resources than the Company; some are not subject to the same degree of government regulation as the Company and thus may have a competitive advantage over the Company. If due to the inability to compete successfully within the Company's target banking markets, the Company encounters difficulties attracting and retaining customers or employees it would have a material adverse effect on the Company's growth and profitability. 
 
 The Company May Experience a Prolonged Interruption in its Ability to Conduct Business 
 The Company relies heavily on its personnel and facilities to conduct its business. A material loss of people or physical damage, destruction, or denial of access to our core operating facilities, for any number of reasons including localized natural disasters, global pandemics, demonstrations/pickets at facilities, or the local impact of geopolitical tensions, could result in prolonged business interruptions impacting customer services and our ability to conduct transactions. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 The Company Relies on External Service Providers 
 The Company relies on independent third-party firms, including indirect vendors utilized by such third parties, to provide critical services necessary to conducting its business. These services include but are not limited to electronic funds delivery networks, check clearing houses, electronic banking services, wealth advisory, management and custodial services, correspondent banking services, information security assessments and technology support services, and loan underwriting and review services, among others. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions of the independent firms' systems or in their delivery of services, or failure to perform in accordance with contracted service level agreements, for any number of reasons could in turn impact the Company's ability to conduct business and process transactions. 
 
 The Company Relies on Financial Counterparty Relationships 
 The Company routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, in order to maintain correspondent bank relationships, liquidity, manage certain loan participations, mortgage sales activities, interest-rate swaps, engage in securities transactions, and engage in other financial activities with counterparties that are customary to our industry. Many of these transactions expose the Company to counterparty credit, liquidity and/or reputation risk in the event of default by the counterparty, or negative publicity or public complaints, whether real or perceived, about one or more of the Company's financial counterparties, or the financial services industry in general. Although the Company seeks to manage these risks through internal controls and procedures, the Company may experience loss or interruption of business as a result of unforeseen events with these counterparties. 
 
 Wealth Management and Wealth Services Expose the Company to Financial, Operational and Legal Risk 
 The Company's Wealth Management and Wealth Services channels derive their revenues primarily from investment management fees based on the market value of assets under management. The Company's ability to maintain or increase investment assets under management is subject to a number of factors, including changes in client investment preferences, investment decisions by us or our third-party service provider partners, and various economic conditions, among other factors. Wealth management services clients can terminate their relationships with us, reduce their aggregate assets under management, or shift their funds to other types of accounts with different rate structures for any number of reasons. 
 
 Investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing clients and competing for new wealth management clients. Financial markets are affected by many factors, any of which could adversely impact the fair value of customer portfolios. Even when market conditions are generally favorable, our investment performance may be adversely affected by the investment style of our wealth management and investment advisors and the investment decisions that they make. Poor investment performance, whether real or perceived, in either relative or absolute terms, could impair our ability to attract and retain investment assets under management from existing and new clients. 
 
 The Company's Insurance Coverage May Not be Adequate to Prevent Additional Liabilities or Expenses 
 The Company works with an independent third-party insurance advisor to obtain insurance policies that provide coverage for a variety of business and cyber risks at coverage levels that compare favorably to bench-marked coverage for loss exposures that are faced by similarly sized financial institutions. However, there are no guarantees that the Company will be able to obtain or maintain comparable or adequate coverage levels in the future. In addition, there is no guarantee that the circumstances of an incident will meet the criteria for insurance coverage under a specific policy, and despite the insurance policies in place the Company may experience a material loss incident or event. 
 
 Lack of or Slower than Expected Growth Could Adversely Affect the Company's Profitability and its Ability to Pay Dividends 
 The Company operates with a long-term focus on organic growth, which requires a significant investment of both financial and personnel resources. The Company relies on its deposit and lending activities to generate the cash flow to conduct operations, expand service and product offerings, expand the branch network, and pay dividends to shareholders. Contraction or slower than expected loan and/or deposit growth and/or lower than expected fee or other income generated from these and other products and services could lower our profitability and net cash flow available for funding our growth strategies and paying dividends to shareholders. 
 
 The Company May Not be Able to Attract, Retain or Develop Key Personnel 
 The Company's success and growth strategy depends, in large part, on its ability to attract, retain and develop top performing banking professionals within our markets, and its ability to successfully identify and develop personnel for succession to key executive management positions and to the board of directors. The inability to do so could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business because of the loss of their skills, knowledge of the Company's market, years of industry or business experience and the difficulty of promptly hiring qualified replacements 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 REGULATION 
 
 The Company is Subject to Extensive Government Regulation and Supervision 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations that are primarily intended to protect consumers in the financial marketplace, provide fair and equal availability of products and services, preserve depositors' funds and the FDIC insurance fund, and to safeguard the banking system as a whole, and not necessarily the interests of shareholders. These regulations affect the Company's lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, growth, and net income, among other things. Federal and state laws and regulations may not always align in principle or statue, and preemptive federal laws may be more or less restrictive than those of a state. Future legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, negatively impact consumers' faith in the banking system leading them to seek out non-banking alternatives, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. 
 
 Climate Change and Related Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives May Materially Affect the Company s Business 
 Climate change may negatively impact the regional and local economy, increasing credit and other financial risks for the Company and our customers. The physical effects of climate change may adversely impact the value of real property securing the loans in our portfolios. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to our borrowers, the collateral securing our loans may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives to supplement the global effort to combat climate change. The Company cannot predict what legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on the Company's business. 
 
 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 
 The Company's Financial Condition and Results of Operation Rely in Part on Management Estimates and Assumptions 
 In preparing the financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, estimates and assumptions to be utilized. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and income and expenses for the years then ended. Changes in those estimates resulting from continuing change in the economic environment and other factors will be reflected in the financial statements and results of operations in future periods. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates and be adversely affected should the assumptions and estimates used to be incorrect or change over time due to changes in circumstances. The three most significant areas in which management applies critical assumptions and estimates are the estimates of the allowance for credit losses, impairment review of investment securities and the impairment review of goodwill. 
 
 The Net Deferred Tax Assets DTAs May be Determined to be Unrealizable in Future Periods 
 In making its assessment on the future realizability of net DTAs, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including recent financial operations, projected future taxable income, and recoverable past income tax paid. If in the future, management believes based upon historical and expected future earnings that it is more likely than not that the Company will not generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the DTA balance, then a valuation allowance would be booked against the DTA, with the write down offset to current earnings. Factors beyond management's control can affect future levels of taxable income and there can be no assurances that sufficient taxable income will be generated to fully realize the DTAs in the future. 
 
 REPUTATION LEGAL 
 
 Damage to the Company's Reputation Could Affect the Company's Profitability and Shareholders' Value 
 The Company is dependent on its reputation within its market area as a trusted and responsible financial company for all aspects of its business with customers, employees, vendors, third-party service providers, and others with whom the Company conducts business or potential future business. Any negative publicity or public complaints, whether real or perceived, disseminated by word of mouth, by the general media, by electronic or social networking means, or by other methods, could harm the Company's reputation. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Oversight May Influence Stock Price and Increase Compliance Costs 
 Investors have begun to consider how corporations are addressing environmental, social and governance matters, commonly known as "ESG matters" when making investment decisions. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, executive compensation, labor conditions and human rights. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company s common stock if investors determine, whether real or perceived, that the Company's ESG actions are not satisfactory. In addition, new government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. 
 
 The Company is Exposed to Legal Claims and Litigation 
 The Company is subject to legal challenges under a variety of circumstances in the course of its normal business practices. Regardless of the scope or the merits of any claims by potential or actual litigants, the Company may have to engage in litigation that could be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company's operations, and distracting to management. Whether claims or legal action are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to the Company, they may result in significant financial liability, damage the Company's reputation, subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny and restrictions, and/or adversely affect the market perception of our products and services, as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. 
 
 COMMON STOCK, SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY, CAPITAL 
 
 The Trading Volume in the Company's Common Stock is Less Than That of Larger Companies 
 Although the Company's common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Market, the trading volume in the Company's common stock is substantially less than that of larger companies. Given the lower trading volume of the Company's common stock, significant purchases or sales of the Company's common stock, or the expectation of such purchases or sales, could cause significant movement in the Company's stock price. 
 
 The Company's Capital Levels Could Fall Below Regulatory Minimums 
 If the Company's regulatory capital levels decline, or if regulatory requirements increase, and the Company is unable to raise additional capital to offset that decline or meet the increased requirements, then its regulatory capital ratios may fall below regulatory minimum capital adequacy levels. 
 
 The Company's failure to remain "well-capitalized" for bank regulatory purposes could affect customer confidence, restrict the Company's ability to grow (both assets and branching activity), increase the Company's costs of funds and FDIC insurance expense, prohibit the Company's ability to pay dividends on common shares, and restrict its ability to make acquisitions, among other impacts. Under FDIC rules, if the Bank ceases to be a "well-capitalized" institution, its ability to accept brokered deposits and the interest rates that it pays may be restricted. The Basel III Rules establish, among other rules, a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital requirements. An institution will be subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers, if its capital level is below the buffered ratio. 
 
 The Company's Articles of Organization, By-Laws and Shareholders Rights Plan as Well as Certain Banking and Corporate Laws Could Have an Anti-Takeover Effect 
 Although management believes that certain anti-takeover strategies are in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders, provisions of the Company's articles of organization, by-laws, and shareholders rights plan and certain federal and state banking laws and state corporate laws, including regulatory approval requirements for any acquisition of control of the Company, could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the Company, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to the Company's shareholders. The combination of these provisions is intended to prohibit a non-negotiated merger, or other business combination involving an acquisition of the Company, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of the Company's common stock. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers Own a Significant Portion of Common Stock 
 The Company's directors and executive officers, as a group, beneficially own approximately 15 of the Company's outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. Management views this ownership commitment by insiders as an integral component of maintaining the Company's ownership. However, as a result of this combined ownership interest, the directors and executive officers have the ability, if they vote their shares in a like manner, to significantly influence the outcome of all matters submitted to shareholders for approval, including the election of directors. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 The Company Relies on Dividends from the Bank for Substantially All of its Revenue 
 Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, and if declared by our Board. Although the Company has historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so, and our Board may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. 
 
 The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from the Bank. It receives substantially all its revenue from dividends paid by the Bank. These dividends are the principal source of funds used to pay dividends on the Company s common stock and interest and principal on the Company s subordinated debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company, and certain regulators may prohibit the Bank or the Company from paying future dividends if deemed an unsafe or unsound practice. If the Bank, due to its capital position, inadequate net income levels, or otherwise, is unable to pay dividends to the Company, then the Company will be unable to service its debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on the Company s common stock, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company s common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company's main office and operational support offices are located in Lowell, Massachusetts. The main Lowell campus consists of four closely situated buildings, three of which are owned, with ample on-site customer parking. The Company also owns and maintains a back-up operations/data facility in the Merrimack Valley region of Massachusetts. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 27 full-service branch banking offices serving the Northern Middlesex, Northern Essex and Northern Worcester counties of Massachusetts, and Southern Hillsborough and Southern Rockingham counties in New Hampshire. 
 
 The Company believes that all of its facilities are well maintained and suitable for the purpose for which they are used. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was the lessee under 16 active operating real estate leases. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or its subsidiaries are a party or to which any of its property is subject, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business of the Company. Management does not believe resolution of any present litigation will have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for Common Stock 
 
 The Company's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market under the trading symbol "EBTC." 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were 12,148,951 shares of the Company's common stock outstanding held by 1,063 shareholders of record. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, quarterly dividends of 0.205 per share were paid to the Company's shareholders in March, June, September, and December. Total dividends paid to the Company's shareholders during the year ended 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022, equaled 0.82 per share compared to total dividends of 0.74 per share, paid to the Company's shareholders on a quarterly basis during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Company announced a quarterly dividend of 0.23 per share, which was paid on March 1, 2023, to shareholders of record as of February 8, 2023. The Company currently expects that comparable cash dividends will continue to be paid in the future. 
 
 In addition, the Company maintains a dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan (together, the "DRSPP") which enables shareholders, at their discretion, to elect to reinvest cash dividends paid on their shares of the Company's common stock by purchasing additional shares of common stock from the Company at a purchase price equal to fair market value. Under the DRSPP, shareholders and new investors also have the opportunity to purchase shares of the Company's common stock without brokerage fees, subject to monthly minimums and maximums. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the Company's 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and its 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, which together constitute all the Company's existing equity compensation plans that have been previously approved by the Company's shareholders. The 2009 Plan expired in 2019 and is closed for future grants, although awards previously granted under the 2009 Plan remain outstanding and may be exercised through 2028. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of Securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in second column from left) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 197,249 26.33 442,051 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders TOTAL 197,249 26.33 442,051 
 
 See also Note 14, "Stock-Based Compensation" to the Company's consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K below for further information regarding the Company's Equity Compensation Plan. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 The following table represents information with respect to repurchases of common stock made by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Announced Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 3,413 29.79 November December 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Amounts include shares repurchased that were not part of a publicly announced repurchase plan or program. These shares were owned and tendered by employees as payment for taxes on vesting restricted stock (net settlement of shares). 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return (which assumes the reinvestment of all dividends) on the Company's common stock with the cumulative total return reflected by a broad-based equity market index and an appropriate published industry index. This graph shows the changes over the five-year period ended on December 31, 2022, in the value of 100 invested in (i) the Company's common stock, (ii) the Standard Poor's 500 Index, and (iii) the Standard Poor's U.S. Small Cap Banks Index. 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 100.00 96.07 103.37 80.30 144.30 116.11 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P U.S. Small Cap Banks Index 100.00 83.44 104.69 95.08 132.36 116.69 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 The information previously required by Item 6 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been intentionally omitted, as permitted by the SEC in connection with its adoption of its final rules regarding the amendments to modernize, simplify, and enhance financial disclosure requirements of registrants. For more information over the Company's financial condition and results of operations, see the section entitled "Overview" contained in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this Form 10-K. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company's (also referred to herein as "Enterprise," "us," "we," or "our") consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, contained in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," and the other financial and statistical information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Form 10-K ). 
 
 Throughout this Management Discussion Analysis, certain measures have been adjusted to provide what management believes are more meaningful comparisons between periods. The items principally impacted and reported as non-GAAP were loans (PPP loans), shareholders' equity (accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI")) and any related measures presented. For further discussion regarding the use of these non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of U.S. Generally 
 Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") to the related non-GAAP measures, see the section entitled "Non-GAAP Measures" contained in this Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements about the Company and its industry involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Statements other than statements of current or historical fact, including statements regarding the Company s future financial condition, results of operations, business plans, liquidity, cash flows, projected costs, and the impact of any laws or regulations applicable to the Company, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or periods or by use of forward-looking terminology such as "will," "should," "could," "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "pursue," "views" and similar terms or expressions. We caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 failure of risk management controls and procedures; 
 the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses; 
 risk specific to commercial loans and borrowers; 
 changes in the business cycle and downturns in the local, regional, or national economies, including changes in consumer spending and deterioration in the local real estate market, could negatively impact credit and/or asset quality and result in credit losses and increases in the Company's allowance for credit losses; 
 the persistence of the current inflationary environment in the United States and our market areas, and its impact on market interest rates, the economy and credit quality; 
 deterioration of capital markets, which could adversely affect the value or credit quality of the Company's assets and the availability of funding sources necessary to meet the Company's liquidity needs; 
 changes in market interest rates could negatively impact the pricing of our loans and deposits and decrease our net interest income or net interest margin; 
 increases in market interest rates could negatively impact bond market values and result in a lower net book value; 
 our ability to successfully manage the current rising market interest-rate environment, our credit risk and the level of future non-performing assets and charge-offs; 
 potential decreases or growth of assets, deposits, future non-interest expenditures and non-interest income; 
 inability to maintain adequate liquidity; 
 the inability to raise the necessary capital to fund our operations or to meet minimum regulatory capital levels would restrict our business and operations; 
 material decreases in the amount of deposits we hold, or a failure to grow our deposit base as necessary to help fund our growth and operations; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to keep pace with technological change or difficulties when implementing new technologies; 
 technology-related risk, including technological changes and technology service interruptions or failure could adversely impact the Company's operations and increase technology-related expenditures; 
 cybersecurity risk including security breaches and identity theft could impact the Company's reputation, increase regulatory oversight, and impact the financial results of the Company; 
 increasing competition from larger regional and out-of-state banking organizations as well as non-bank providers of various financial services could adversely affect the Company's competitive position within its market area and reduce demand for the Company's products and services; 
 our ability to retain and increase our aggregate assets under management; 
 our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals; 
 damage to our reputation in the markets we serve; 
 risks associated with fraudulent, negligent, or other acts by our customers, employees or vendors; 
 exposure to legal claims and litigation; 
 our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 
 inability to attract, hire and retain qualified management personnel; 
 recent and future changes in laws and regulations that apply to the Company's business and operations, and any additional regulations, or repeals that may be forthcoming as a result thereof, which could cause the Company to incur additional costs and adversely affect the Company's business environment, operations and financial results; 
 future regulatory compliance costs, including any increase caused by new regulations imposed by the government; 
 changes in tariffs and trade barriers; 
 our ability to navigate the uncertain impacts of current and future governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including the current and future policies of the Federal Reserve Board; 
 our ability to comply with supervisory actions by federal and state banking agencies; 
 changes in the scope and cost of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") insurance and other coverage; 
 changes in accounting and/or auditing standards, policies and practices, as may be adopted or established by the regulatory agencies, FASB, or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board could negatively impact the Company's financial results; and 
 systemic risks associated with the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this Form 10-K, including those discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of this Form 10-K. The Company cautions readers that the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K reflect numerous assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and beyond the Company's control. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statement. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking information and statements. Any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this Form 10-K, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or otherwise revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

Overview 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 The Company strategically operates with a long-term mindset that is focused on organic growth and supports such growth by continually investing in our people, products, services, technology, and branches. 
 
 Our financial condition at December 31, 2022, as well as the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, have been impacted by significant increases in market interest-rates resulting from the high inflationary environment and the related 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 425 basis point increase in the prime lending rate between March and December of 2022 by the Federal Reserve. The impact is addressed as applicable throughout this Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 42.7 million, or 3.52 per diluted common share, compared to 42.2 million, or 3.50 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributable primarily to an increase in net interest income, excluding PPP income (non-GAAP) of 27.4 million, partially offset by increases in the provision for credit losses of 4.0 million and non-interest expense of 6.2 million as well as a decrease in PPP income of 17.1 million. 
 
 The Company s financial results for 2022 and 2021 were impacted by multiple non-core operating transactions. The non-core operating transactions for 2022 included a net gain on sale of insurance commissions of 2.0 million and net losses on sales of debt securities of 2.0 million. The non-core operating transactions for 2021 included a gain on the sale of other real estate owned ("OREO") of 1.1 million, included in non-interest income, and losses on the extinguishment of subordinated debt and the termination of swaps of 713 thousand and 1.8 million, respectively, both of which were included in non-interest expense. 
 
 Total assets amounted to 4.44 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.45 billion at December 31, 2021. Investment securities at fair value declined 137.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily from a decline in fair value from the significant increase in market interest rates during the period. Total loans increased 259.8 million consisting of an increase in core loans (non-GAAP) of 331.3 million, offset by a decrease in PPP loans of 71.5 million. Total core loans (non-GAAP) increased 12 versus a year ago. 
 
 The non-performing loan to total loan ratio decreased to 0.19 at December 31, 2022 from 0.91 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in non-performing loans to total loans resulted primarily from two commercial relationships that were returned to accrual status due to improved financial strength and consistent payment history. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, customer deposits increased 55.6 million. Customer deposit growth in 2022 reflected a highly competitive environment in which customers have access to higher yielding money market and treasury alternatives. 
 
 Shareholders equity decreased 64.6 million due primarily to the decrease in the fair value of debt securities, net of tax, resulting from the significant increase in market interest rates during the period. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Selected Financial Data and Ratios 
 
 The following table sets forth selected financial data and ratios for the Company at or for the years ended as indicated: 
 
 At or for the year ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Balance Sheet Data Total cash and cash equivalents 267,589 436,576 253,782 63,794 63,120 Total investment securities at fair value 820,371 958,215 583,049 505,255 432,921 Total loans 3,180,518 2,920,684 3,073,860 2,565,459 2,387,506 Allowance for credit losses (52,640) (47,704) (44,565) (33,614) (33,849) Total assets 4,438,333 4,447,819 4,014,324 3,235,049 2,964,358 Total deposits 4,035,806 3,980,239 3,551,263 2,786,730 2,564,782 Subordinated debt 59,182 58,979 73,744 14,872 14,860 Total shareholders' equity 282,267 346,895 334,426 296,641 255,297 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 4,438,333 4,447,819 4,014,324 3,235,049 2,964,358 Wealth Management Wealth assets under management (1) 
 891,451 1,041,409 976,502 914,301 797,895 Wealth assets under administration (1) 
 198,586 257,867 210,900 187,501 121,440 Shareholders' Equity Ratios Book value per common share 23.26 28.82 28.01 25.09 21.80 Dividends paid per common share 0.82 0.74 0.70 0.64 0.58 Dividend payout ratio 23.23 21.08 26.52 22.07 23.48 Regulatory Capital Ratios Total capital to risk weighted assets 13.49 13.73 14.62 11.88 11.77 Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets (2) 
 10.56 10.62 10.77 10.13 9.93 Tier 1 capital to average assets 8.10 7.56 7.52 8.86 8.56 Credit Quality Data Non-performing loans 6,122 26,522 38,050 14,771 11,784 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.19 0.91 1.24 0.58 0.49 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.14 0.60 0.95 0.46 0.40 ACL for loans to total loans 1.66 1.63 1.45 1.31 1.42 Income Statement Data Net interest income 151,798 141,556 130,134 115,857 108,835 Provision for credit losses 5,800 1,770 12,499 1,180 2,250 Total non-interest income 18,462 18,107 17,247 16,319 11,990 Total non-interest expense 108,314 102,135 93,254 86,415 80,878 Income before income taxes 56,146 55,758 41,628 44,581 37,697 Provision for income taxes 13,430 13,587 10,172 10,381 8,816 Net income 42,716 42,171 31,456 34,200 28,881 Income Statement Ratios Diluted earnings per common share 3.52 3.50 2.64 2.89 2.46 Return on average total assets 0.96 0.98 0.82 1.10 1.00 Return on average shareholders' equity 14.47 12.49 9.95 12.31 12.15 Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) (3) 
 3.54 3.44 3.59 3.95 3.97 _____________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Wealth assets under management and wealth assets under administration are not carried as assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (2) Ratio also represents common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets as of the periods presented. 
 (3) Tax-equivalent net interest margin is net interest income adjusted for the tax-equivalent effect associated with tax-exempt loan and investment income, expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Culture and Organic Growth Strategy 
 
 The Company's business model is to provide a full range of diversified financial products and services through a highly trained team of knowledgeable banking professionals, who have an in-depth understanding of our markets and a commitment to servicing the financial needs of customers. The Company is committed to fostering a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion and to investing in employee training and development. The Company s approach is people-centric (customers, shareholders, communities and team members), commercially focused and community rooted, offering traditional banking products and services including commercial and residential lending, cash management, and wealth management and trust services, delivered by a knowledgeable and dedicated team of community bankers through traditional in-person service, digital delivery channels and remote banking capabilities. 
 
 Management utilizes a disciplined credit management approach, which has served to provide consistent quality asset growth over various economic cycles. Loan growth initiatives are executed through strong business development and referral efforts, by a seasoned lending team, supported by an experienced commercial credit review function. 
 
 The Company generally looks to develop new branch locations within, and to complement, our existing footprint. New and renovated branches exhibit a modern, open-concept lobby with advanced technology. These branches are supported by our "Relationship Bankers," who are cross trained to fully serve customer needs, and each branch is supported by commercial and residential lenders dedicated to that region, and wealth management representatives. 
 
 The Company has an ongoing commitment to use technology and digitization to continually improve customer experience as well as internal operating efficiency and productivity. Our virtual branch and digital strategy efforts compliment the physical branch strategy in expanding the Company's reach to market areas where physical branches are not able to serve by providing remote services while preserving personal interaction with customers. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 The accompanying consolidated audited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. However, certain financial measures we present are supplemental measures that are not required by or are not presented in accordance with GAAP, which we refer to as "non-GAAP" measures. We refer to any prior period measure that excludes PPP loans as "core." At December 31, 2022, PPP loans outstanding are included in core loans (non-GAAP), as the majority of the remaining balances are no longer expected to be forgiven by the SBA. The Company also uses certain non-GAAP financial measures related to the impact of AOCI on the Company's reported book value per common share and return on average shareholders' equity. 
 
 The activity which resulted in the Company's use of non-GAAP measures consisted of: (1) the Company's origination of over 715 million in short-term PPP loans between April 2020 and May 2021; (2) forgiveness of PPP loans by the SBA, which began in November 2020 and continued through the current period, with approximately 99 of the principal balance of PPP loans originated by the Company having been forgiven by the SBA through December 31, 2022; and (3) the significant increase in market interest rates during 2022, which resulted in unrealized losses in the Company's available-for-sale debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 of 124.1 million and an accumulated other comprehensive loss, included in shareholder's equity, of 96.2 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 These non-GAAP measures are intended to provide the reader with additional supplemental perspectives on operating results, performance trends, and financial condition. Non-GAAP financial measures are not a substitute for GAAP measures; they should be read and used in conjunction with the Company's GAAP financial information. In addition, the non-GAAP financial measures we present may differ from non-GAAP financial measures used by our peers or other companies; therefore, these measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures as presented by other companies. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables summarize the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures related to the impact of PPP loans on total loans and loan interest income: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total Core Loans Total loans 3,180,518 2,920,684 Adjustment: PPP loans (1) 
 (71,502) Total core loans (non-GAAP) 3,180,518 2,849,182 _____________________________________________ 
 (1) PPP loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, amounting to 2.2 million , are considered core loans (non-GAAP). 
 
 Year ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Loan Interest Income Excluding PPP Income Loan interest income 135,934 133,208 Adjustment: PPP income (2,561) (19,691) Loan interest income excluding PPP income (non-GAAP) 133,373 113,517 Net Interest Income Excluding PPP Income Net interest income 151,798 141,556 Adjustment: PPP income (2,561) (19,691) Net interest income excluding PPP income (non-GAAP) 149,237 121,865 
 
 The following tables summarize the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures related to the impact of AOCI on the Company's reported book value per common share and return on average shareholders' equity : 
 At or for the year ended (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Shareholders' Equity Total shareholders' equity (as reported) 282,267 346,895 Less: accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (96,207) 4,662 Shareholders' equity excluding AOCI (non-GAAP) 378,474 342,233 Book Value Per Common Share Book value per common share (as reported) 23.26 28.82 Book value per common share excluding AOCI (non-GAAP) 31.19 28.43 Average Shareholders' Equity Total average shareholders' equity (as reported) 295,154 337,563 Less: average accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (68,619) 13,968 Average shareholders' equity excluding AOCI (non-GAAP) 363,773 323,595 Return on Average Shareholders' Equity Return on average shareholders' equity (as reported) 14.47 12.49 Return on average shareholders' equity excluding AOCI (non-GAAP) 11.74 13.03 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 COMPARISON OF YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the reported results are for the year ended December 31, 2022, with the "same period," the "prior year" and "prior year period" being the year ended December 31, 2021. Average yields are presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 
 Net Income 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 42.7 million, an increase of 545 thousand, or 1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The increase in net income was attributable primarily to an increase in net interest income, excluding PPP income (non-GAAP), of 27.4 million, partially offset by increases in the provision for credit losses of 4.0 million and non-interest expense of 6.2 million and a decrease in PPP income of 17.1 million. 
 Net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was impacted by several non-core operating transactions further discussed under the headings "Non-Interest Income" and "Non-Interest Expense," below. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 151.8 million, an increase of 10.2 million, or 7 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The increase in net interest income was due largely to increases in loan interest income, excluding PPP income (non-GAAP), of 19.9 million, investment security income of 3.8 million and other interest-earning asset income of 5.3 million, partially offset by a decrease in PPP income of 17.1 million and an increase in deposit interest expense of 1.8 million. 
 Net interest income included PPP income of 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest margin was 3.54 and 3.44 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net interest margin in 2022 was favorably impacted by significant increases in market interest rates and the prime lending rate. In particular, the yield on interest-earning deposits with banks was impacted most favorably. 
 Average interest-earning deposits with banks decreased 167.9 million, or 34 , while the yield increased 166 basis points. The decrease in average balance resulted primarily from the funding of growth in the Company's investment portfolio in the second half of 2021 and core loan (non-GAAP) growth in 2021 and 2022, partially offset by funds received from the forgiveness of PPP loans by the SBA. 
 
 Other items impacting margin for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year period included: 
 Average investment securities at fair value increased 275.7 million, or 41 , while the tax-equivalent yield decreased 28 basis points. The changes in average balance and yield resulted primarily from investment security purchases in the second half of 2021, when market interest rates were lower. 
 Average loans increased 64.8 million, while the tax-equivalent yield decreased 1 basis point. 
 Average core loans (non-GAAP) increased 341.3 million, or 13 , and the tax-equivalent yield increased 17 basis points. The increase in average balance resulted primarily from growth in the commercial and residential real estate portfolios. Core loan yields (non-GAAP) have benefited primarily from increases in the prime lending rate of 425 basis points between March and December of 2022. 
 Average PPP loans outstanding decreased 276.5 million, or 93 , due primarily to the continued forgiveness of PPP loans by the SBA during the period. PPP income amounted to 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Average total deposits increased 164.5 million, or 4 , while the yield increased 4 basis points. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate risk is reviewed in detail under the heading Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," of this Form 10-K, below. 
 
 Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table sets forth, on a tax-equivalent basis, the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected interest income and expense for the period indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (i) volume (change in average portfolio balance multiplied by prior year average rate); and (ii) interest rate (change in average interest rate multiplied by prior year average balance). Changes attributable to the combined impact of volume and rate have been allocated proportionately based on absolute value to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate. 
 
 December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Increase (Decrease) due to (Dollars in thousands) Net Change Volume Rate Interest income Loans and loans held for sale (tax-equivalent) 2,685 2,160 525 Investment securities (tax-equivalent) 3,819 5,894 (2,075) Other interest-earning assets (1) 
 5,332 (310) 5,642 Total interest-earning assets (tax-equivalent) 11,836 7,744 4,092 Interest expense Interest checking, savings, and money market 2,533 101 2,432 CDs (80) (23) (57) Brokered deposits (664) (332) (332) Borrowed funds (8) (47) 39 Subordinated debt (143) (198) 55 Total interest-bearing funding 1,638 (499) 2,137 Change in net interest income (tax-equivalent) 10,198 8,243 1,955 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Income on other interest-earning assets includes interest on deposits, and fed funds sold, and dividends on FHLB stock. 
 
 The table on the following page presents the Company's average balance sheet, net interest income and average rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Interest and Average Yields Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest (1) 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Average Balance Interest (1) 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Average Balance Interest (1) 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Assets: Loans and loans held for sale (2) (tax-equivalent) 
 3,034,608 136,381 4.49 2,969,777 133,696 4.50 2,986,001 131,604 4.41 Investment securities (3) (tax-equivalent) 
 955,927 19,891 2.08 680,261 16,072 2.36 488,139 14,261 2.92 Other interest-earning assets (4) 
 333,433 6,014 1.80 501,201 682 0.14 189,204 402 0.21 Total interest-earning assets (tax-equivalent) 4,323,968 162,286 3.75 4,151,239 150,450 3.62 3,663,344 146,267 3.99 Other assets 110,238 169,315 158,928 Total assets 4,434,206 4,320,554 3,822,272 Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Interest checking, savings and money market 2,381,774 4,091 0.17 2,249,023 1,558 0.07 1,930,628 6,308 0.33 CDs 221,050 1,620 0.73 224,627 1,700 0.76 279,467 4,629 1.66 Brokered deposits 45,617 664 1.46 47,743 662 1.39 Borrowed funds 3,286 52 1.58 7,632 60 0.79 40,479 606 1.50 Subordinated debt (5) 
 59,050 3,352 5.68 62,546 3,495 5.59 43,510 2,501 5.75 Total interest-bearing funding 2,665,160 9,115 0.34 2,589,445 7,477 0.29 2,341,827 14,706 0.63 Non-interest checking 1,422,618 1,341,633 1,120,916 Total deposits, borrowed funds and subordinated debt 4,087,778 9,115 0.22 3,931,078 7,477 0.19 3,462,743 14,706 0.42 Other liabilities 51,274 51,913 43,383 Total liabilities 4,139,052 3,982,991 3,506,126 Shareholders' equity 295,154 337,563 316,146 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 4,434,206 4,320,554 3,822,272 Net interest-rate spread (tax-equivalent) 3.41 3.33 3.36 Net interest income (tax-equivalent) 153,171 142,973 131,561 Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) 3.54 3.44 3.59 Less tax-equivalent adjustment 1,373 1,417 1,427 Net interest income 151,798 141,556 130,134 Net interest margin 3.51 3.41 3.55 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Average yields and interest income are presented on a tax-equivalent basis, calculated using a U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of 21 in the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, based on tax-equivalent adjustments associated with tax exempt loans and investments interest income. 
 (2) Average loans and loans held for sale include non-accrual loans and are net of average deferred loan fees. 
 (3) Average investment balances are presented at average amortized cost. 
 (4) Average other interest-earning assets includes interest-earning deposits with banks, fed funds sold, and FHLB stock. 
 (5) The subordinated debt is net of average deferred debt issuance costs. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 5.8 million, an increase of 4.0 million, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The provision for the year ended December 31, 2022, was driven primarily by loan growth, and increases in reserve factors due to worsening economic forecasts, and to a lesser extent, an increase in reserves for unfunded commitments (included in other liabilities), partially offset by a reduction in reserves for individually evaluated loans. 
 The provision for the year ended December 31, 2021, was driven primarily by core loan growth (non-GAAP) and reserves for unfunded commitments, partially offset by reduction in reserves for individually evaluated loans and reductions in reserve factors as economic outlook improved throughout the year. 
 The Company's adoption of the current expected credit losses ("CECL") methodology on January 1, 2021 increased reserves for credit losses through a charge to retained earnings. CECL may create additional volatility to our provision for credit losses as assumptions and economic forecasts change over time. 
 
 The provision for credit losses is a significant factor in the Company's operating results. For further discussion regarding the provision for credit losses and management's assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") for loans see "Credit Risk," and "ACL for Loans" included in the section titled "Financial Condition," contained in this Item 7 of this Form 10-K above, for further information regarding the provision for credit losses. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 
 Non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 18.5 million, an increase of 355 thousand, or 2 , compared to the respective prior year periods. 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of non-interest income and the related changes for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Wealth management fees 6,533 6,787 (254) (4) Deposit and interchange fees 8,196 6,971 1,225 18 Income on bank-owned life insurance, net 1,202 821 381 46 Net (losses) gains on sales of debt securities (1,973) 128 (2,101) (1,641) Net gains on sales of loans 30 833 (803) (96) Net gain on sale of OREO 1,126 (1,126) (100) Net gain on sale of insurance commissions 2,034 2,034 100 Loss on termination of swaps (1,847) 1,847 (100) Gain (loss) on equity securities (514) 246 (760) (309) Other income 2,954 3,042 (88) (3) Total non-interest income 18,462 18,107 355 2 
 
 The increase of non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was impacted by the following core operating items: 
 Deposit and interchange fees increased 1.2 million due primarily to increases in overdraft income and growth in business customer relationships resulting in greater product transaction volumes. 
 Net gains on sales of loans decreased 803 thousand, resulting largely from the Company holding more residential loan production in the loan portfolio. 
 
 Non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were impacted by the following non-core operating items: 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company ended its revenue sharing relationship with an insurance agency and sold the rights to the future cash flows on these insurance policies to the agency. The transaction resulted in a one-time 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 gain on sale of insurance commissions of 2.0 million and the Company has no other insurance agency relationships. Prior to the sale, the Company had referred clients to the agency, assisted with servicing and shared the resulting revenue. 
 In 2022, the Company realized net losses on sales of debt securities of 2.0 million compared to 128 thousand in 2021. The sales in 2022 were in the first and fourth quarters as follows: 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company realized net gains on sales of debt securities of 1.1 million from the sale of debt securities with an amortized cost of 31.7 million. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company realized net losses on sales of debt securities of 3.0 million after executing a bond restructure in which it sold lower-yielding debt securities with an amortized cost of 39.9 million. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, 75.0 million in interest-rate swaps were terminated, resulting in a 1.8 million loss on the termination of swaps. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company realized a gain on the sale of other real estate owned ("OREO") of 1.1 million. 
 Losses on equity securities decreased 760 thousand due primarily to declines in market values during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 
 Non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 108.3 million, an increase of 6.2 million, or 6 , compared to the prior year. 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of non-interest expense and the related changes for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 72,120 66,633 5,487 8 Occupancy and equipment expenses 9,299 9,650 (351) (4) Technology and telecommunications expenses 10,735 10,574 161 2 Advertising and public relations expenses 2,758 2,373 385 16 Audit, legal and other professional fees 2,949 2,347 602 26 Deposit insurance premiums 1,783 1,910 (127) (7) Supplies and postage expenses 912 819 93 11 Loss on extinguishment of subordinated debt 713 (713) 100 Other operating expenses 7,758 7,116 642 9 Total non-interest expense 108,314 102,135 6,179 6 
 
 The primary components of the increase in non-interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, are as follows: 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits increased 5.5 million primarily to support the Company's strategic growth and market expansion initiatives. The results were also impacted by a competitive labor market and inflationary pressures. 
 The increase in non-interest expense was offset by a loss on the extinguishment of subordinated debt of 713 thousand from the early redemption of 15.0 million in subordinated notes, realized in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 The effective tax rate was 23.9 and 24.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 15, "Income Taxes," to the Company's consolidated financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for additional information about the Company's tax positions. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 For a comparison of the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 , see Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with SEC on March 10, 2022. 

Financial Condition 
 
 Total assets amounted to 4.44 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.45 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 9.5 million. The balance sheet composition and changes since December 31, 2021, are discussed below. 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents may be comprised of cash on hand and cash items due from banks, interest-earning deposits with banks (deposit accounts, excess reserve cash balances, money markets, and money market mutual funds accounts) and federal funds sold ("fed funds"). Cash and cash equivalents amounted to 267.6 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 436.6 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 169.0 million, or 39 . As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents represented 6 of total assets compared to 10 of total assets at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents since December 31, 2021 was related primarily to funding core loan growth (non-GAAP), partially offset by funds received from the SBA for forgiveness of PPP loans during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 While balances in cash and cash equivalents will fluctuate due primarily to the timing of net cash flows from deposits, borrowings, loans and investments, and the immediate liquidity needs of the Company, management believes customers had generally maintained higher liquidity throughout 2021 in response to the pandemic and lower interest rates, contributing to the elevated balance in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Investment s 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the investment portfolio amounted to 820.4 million, a decrease of 137.8 million, or 14 , since December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the investment portfolio represented 18 of total assets as compared to 22 of total assets at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The change in fair value since December 31, 2021 resulted primarily from a decline in the fair value of the Company's debt securities portfolio of 130.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, caused primarily by significant increases in market interest rates resulting from the increase in the prime lending rate by the Federal Reserve of 425 basis points between March and December of 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company's investment portfolio was comprised primarily of debt securities, classified as available-for-sale, with a small portion of the portfolio invested in equity securities. 
 
 Net unrealized losses on the debt securities portfolio amounted to 124.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to net unrealized gains of 5.9 million at December 31, 2021. Management has concluded that the unrealized losses resulted from significant increases in market interest rates during 2022, as discussed above, and that no allowance for credit losses was considered necessary as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company purchased debt securities totaling 145.9 million and 491.2 million, respectively. The Company also had principal pay downs, calls and maturities totaling 82.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 87.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company realized net losses of 2.0 million on sales of debt securities with an amortized cost of 71.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company realized net gains of 128 thousand on sales of debt securities with an amortized cost of 2.9 million. 
 
 The higher level of purchases in 2021 relative to 2022 occurred because cash and cash equivalent balances were high, overnight rates were near zero and the yield curve was upward sloping. In 2022, short term interest rates increased significantly, as discussed above, making overnight investments more attractive, and the yield curve inverted. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of debt securities at the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Federal agency obligations 4,977 1 U.S. treasury securities 43,251 5 62,166 6 Federal agency collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMO") 406,982 50 486,713 51 215,975 37 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") 21,021 3 22,894 2 110,194 19 Taxable municipal securities 239,277 29 275,850 29 144,407 25 Tax-exempt municipal securities 83,653 10 92,672 10 95,451 16 Corporate bonds 6,294 1 9,000 1 11,276 2 Subordinated corporate bonds 10,647 1 7,135 1 5,000 1 Total debt securities 816,102 100 956,430 100 582,303 100 
 
 We continuously monitor and evaluate our debt securities portfolio to identify and assess risks within our portfolio, including, but not limited to, the impact of the current market interest-rate environment, prepayment risk, and credit quality. The mix of debt securities at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, remained relatively unchanged. At December 31, 2022, the Company's debt securities portfolio consisted primarily of 58 in U.S. Government or U.S. Federal Agency bonds and 40 in taxable and tax-exempt municipal bonds. The effective duration of our debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 was approximately 5.0 years compared to 4.9 years at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The contractual maturity distribution as of December 31, 2022, of the debt securities portfolio with the weighted average tax-equivalent yield for each category is set forth below: 
 Under 1 Year >1 5 Years >5 10 Years Over 10 Years (Dollars in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield At amortized cost: Federal agency obligations 5,014 4.20 U.S. treasury securities 28,967 0.68 9,977 0.71 6,997 1.01 Federal agency CMO 5,848 1.46 47,913 3.09 4,955 1.61 416,061 1.88 Federal agency MBS 5,133 2.80 2,173 2.81 16,867 2.23 Taxable municipal securities 2,500 3.15 35,265 3.14 241,670 2.25 8,000 3.02 Tax-exempt municipal securities 4,376 3.84 30,850 3.01 41,524 3.28 7,708 3.20 Corporate bonds 1,648 2.88 4,634 3.65 198 3.95 Subordinated corporate bonds 11,949 3.97 Total debt securities 43,339 1.33 138,786 2.96 309,466 2.42 448,636 1.94 Total debt securities at fair value 42,198 133,768 260,922 379,214 
 
 Scheduled contractual maturities shown above may not reflect the actual maturities of the investments. The actual MBS/CMO cash flows likely will be faster than presented above due to prepayments and amortization. Similarly, included in the table above are callable securities, comprised of municipal securities and corporate bonds, with a fair value of 157.3 million, which can be redeemed by the issuer prior to the maturity presented above. Management considers these factors when evaluating the interest-rate risk in the Company's asset-liability management program. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Loans 
 
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with the material presented in Item 1, "Business," under the heading "Lending Products" of this Form 10-K. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total loans amounted to 3.2 billion, an increase of 259.8 million, or 9 , since December 31, 2021. Total core loans (non-GAAP) increased 331.3 million, or 12 , since December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total loans represented 72 of total assets, compared to 66 of total assets at December 31, 2021. The mix of loans within the portfolio remained relatively unchanged with the commercial loan portfolio representing approximately 87 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 88 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table sets forth the loan balances by certain loan categories at the dates indicated and the percentage of each category to total loans: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Commercial real estate 1,921,410 61 1,680,792 58 1,476,236 48 Commercial and industrial 414,490 13 412,070 14 435,548 14 Commercial construction 424,049 13 410,443 14 371,856 12 SBA PPP (1) 
 71,502 2 443,070 15 Total commercial loans 2,759,949 87 2,574,807 88 2,726,710 89 Residential mortgages 332,632 10 256,940 9 252,995 8 Home equity 79,807 3 80,467 3 85,178 3 Consumer 8,130 8,470 8,977 Total retail loans 420,569 13 345,877 12 347,150 11 Total loans 3,180,518 100 2,920,684 100 3,073,860 100 Allowance for credit losses (52,640) (47,704) (44,565) Net loans 3,127,878 2,872,980 3,029,295 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) PPP loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 of 2.2 million were transferred to the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 
 As of or for, the year ended December 31, 2022, 
 
 Growth in the commercial real estate portfolio was strong, resulting in a slight increase in commercial real estate loans as a percentage of total loans, relative to the commercial and industrial and commercial construction portfolios. 
 Commercial real estate loans increased 240.6 million, or 14 , compared to December 31, 2021, which resulted from strong customer demand. 
 Commercial and industrial loans were relatively flat as compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Commercial construction loans increased 13.6 million, or 3 , since December 31, 2021. The majority of the commercial construction portfolio growth was concentrated in the 4th quarter of 2022. 
 PPP loan forgiveness by the SBA amounted to approximately 71.6 million compared to 587.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, PPP loans outstanding are included in core loans (non-GAAP), as the majority of the remaining balances are no longer expected to be forgiven by the SBA. The Company expects that these loans will be repaid as agreed with any remaining balance guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Total retail loans increased 74.7 million, or 22 , since December 31, 2021. The increase resulted from the Company retaining more residential mortgage production on its balance sheet. Residential secured one-to-four family mortgage loans continue to make up the largest portion of the retail segment. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company originated 1.3 million of residential mortgage loans for sale in the secondary market, receiving gains on loan sales of 30 thousand, compared to originations of 29.1 million and gains of 833 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, commercial loan balances participated out to various banks amounted to 59.1 million, compared to 66.7 million at December 31, 2021. These balances participated out to other institutions are not carried as assets on the Company's financial statements. Commercial loans originated by other banks in which the Company is a participating institution are carried at the pro-rata share of ownership and amounted to 94.8 million and 62.6 million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 See also Note 3, "Loans," to the Company's consolidated financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K below, for information on related party loans, loans serviced for others and loans pledged as collateral. 
 
 The following table sets forth the scheduled maturities of commercial real estate, commercial and industrial and commercial construction loans in the Company's portfolio at December 31, 2022. The table also sets forth the dollar amount of loans which are scheduled to mature after one year which have fixed or adjustable rates. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Real Estate Commercial Industrial Commercial Construction Amounts due (1) : 
 One year or less, and demand notes 84,352 185,152 161,557 After one year through five years 371,517 113,960 99,966 Beyond five years 1,465,541 115,378 162,526 1,921,410 414,490 424,049 Interest rate terms on amounts due after one year: Fixed 180,380 109,140 42,762 Adjustable (2) 
 1,656,678 120,198 219,730 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (1) Scheduled contractual maturities may not reflect the actual maturities of loans. The average maturity of loans may be shorter than their contractual terms principally due to prepayments and demand features. 
 (2) Adjustable-rate loans may have fixed initial periods before periodic rate adjustments begin. 

Credit Risk 
 
 Non-performing assets are comprised of non-accrual loans (loans contractually past due, with respect to interest or principal, by 90 days, or where reasonable doubt exists as to the full and timely collection of interest or principal), and OREO. The designation of a loan or other asset as non-performing does not necessarily indicate that loan principal and interest will ultimately be uncollectible. However, management recognizes the greater risk characteristics of these assets and therefore considers the potential risk of loss on assets included in this category in evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. The level of delinquent and non-performing assets is largely a function of economic conditions and the overall banking environment and the individual business circumstances of borrowers. Despite prudent loan underwriting, adverse changes within the Company's market area, or deterioration in local, regional, or national economic conditions, could negatively impact the Company's level of non-performing assets in the future. 
 
 See item (g) "Loans" contained in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of this Form 10-K, for additional information on the Company's loan accounting policies and Credit Risk monitoring. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth information regarding non-performing assets, troubled debt restructuring ("TDR") loans and delinquent loans 60-89 days past due as to interest or principal, held by the Company at the dates indicated: 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Non-accrual loan summary: Commercial real estate 3,355 22,870 29,680 Commercial and industrial 730 1,542 4,574 Commercial construction 294 1,045 2,999 SBA PPP Residential mortgages 1,532 794 414 Home equity 211 246 381 Consumer 25 2 Total non-performing loans 6,122 26,522 38,050 Total Loans 3,180,518 2,920,684 3,073,860 Accruing TDR loans not included above 6,000 8,556 10,268 Delinquent loans 60-89 days past due and still accruing 1,307 38 316 Loans 60-89 days past due and still accruing to total loans 0.04 0.01 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.19 0.91 1.24 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.14 0.60 0.95 Allowance for credit losses for loans 52,640 47,704 44,565 Allowance for credit losses for loans to non-performing loans 859.85 179.87 117.12 Allowance for credit losses for loans to total loans 1.66 1.63 1.45 
 
 The decrease in non-performing loans at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, was due primarily to two commercial relationships, amounting to 17.9 million, which were upgraded and restored to accrual status during the second quarter of 2022, due to improved financial strength and consistent payment history, as well as pay-downs and payoffs on several other commercial relationships. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no OREO. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, adversely classified loans amounted to 47.0 million and 61.0 million, respectively. Adversely classified loans that were performing amounted to 40.9 million at December 31, 2022, and 34.5 million at December 31, 2021. Adversely classified loans which were included in non-accrual loans amounted to 6.1 million and 26.5 million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total TDR loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 8.4 million and 16.4 million, respectively. TDR loans on accrual status amounted to 6.0 million and 8.6 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. TDR loans included in non-accrual loans amounted to 2.4 million and 7.8 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company continues to work with customers and enters into loan modifications (which may or may not be TDRs) to the extent deemed to be necessary or appropriate while attempting to achieve the best mutual outcome given the individual financial circumstances and prospects of the borrower. 
 
 ACL for Loans 
 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board's guidance related to measuring credit losses, including the CECL methodology for estimating the ACL for loans. The CECL methodology requires earlier recognition of credit losses using a lifetime credit loss measurement approach that also requires the consideration of reasonable and supportable forecasts in the estimate. 
 
 The adoption of CECL resulted in the Company recording a net cumulative-effect adjustment, effective January 1, 2021, that decreased retained earnings by 6.5 million, net of 2.5 million in deferred income taxes. The ACL for loans increased by 6.6 million and the reserve for unfunded commitments (included in other liabilities) increased by 2.4 million. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 See also Note 4, "ACL for Loans," to the Company's consolidated financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for further information regarding credit quality and the allowance for credit losses and the Company's methodology under CECL. 
 
 The following table sets forth the allocation of the Company's ACL among the categories of loans, the percentage of ACL allocated by category of loans to the total ACL, and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans for the periods ending on the respective dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) ACL Allocation of ACL Allocation of Total Loans ACL Allocation of ACL Allocation of Total Loans ACL Allocation of ACL Allocation of Total Loans Commercial real estate 36,564 69 61 31,847 67 58 26,755 60 48 Commercial and industrial 8,896 17 13 9,574 20 14 9,516 21 14 Commercial construction 3,961 8 13 4,090 8 14 6,129 14 12 SBA PPP 2 15 Residential mortgages 2,255 4 10 1,405 3 9 1,530 4 8 Home equity 633 1 3 465 1 3 467 1 3 Consumer 331 1 323 1 168 Total 52,640 100 100 47,704 100 100 44,565 100 100 

53 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the activity in the ACL for loans for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Beginning balance 47,704 44,565 33,614 33,849 32,915 Day one CECL adjustment 6,560 Provision charged to operations 5,175 543 12,499 1,180 2,250 Recoveries on charged-off loans: Commercial real estate 39 51 Commercial and industrial 242 139 265 734 278 Commercial construction 105 SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity 11 71 45 9 55 Consumer 19 9 36 35 47 Total recovered 272 363 346 778 431 Charged-off loans: Commercial real estate 250 1,825 Commercial and industrial 210 2,477 561 2,069 1,593 Commercial construction 1,300 SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer 51 25 33 124 154 Total charged-off 511 4,327 1,894 2,193 1,747 Net loans charged-off 239 3,964 1,548 1,415 1,316 Ending balance 52,640 47,704 44,565 33,614 33,849 Average loans outstanding 3,035,012 2,969,371 2,984,100 2,430,912 2,303,708 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.01 0.13 0.05 0.06 0.06 Recoveries to charge-offs 53.23 8.39 18.27 35.48 24.67 Net loans charged-off to allowance 0.45 8.31 3.47 4.21 3.89 
 
 Reserve for unfunded commitments 
 
 The reserve for unfunded commitments is classified within "Other liabilities" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The estimate of credit loss incorporates assumptions for both the likelihood and amount of funding over the estimated life of the commitments, including adjustments for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Management periodically reviews and updates its assumptions for estimated funding rates. 
 
 The Company s reserve for unfunded commitments amounted to 4.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 3.7 million at December 31, 2021. The provision for unfunded commitments amounted to 625 thousand compared to 1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company's ACL for loans and reserve for unfunded commitments is adequate as of December 31, 2022. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total deposits amounted to 4.04 billion, an increase of 55.6 million, or 1 , compared to December 31, 2021. Total deposits as a percentage of total assets were 91 at December 31, 2022, and 89 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table sets forth the deposit balances by certain categories as of the dates indicated and the percentage of each category to total deposits: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Non-interest checking 1,361,588 34 1,364,258 34 1,164,908 33 Interest-bearing checking 678,715 17 743,587 19 599,630 17 Total checking 2,040,303 51 2,107,845 53 1,764,538 50 Savings 326,666 8 310,244 8 256,347 7 Money markets 1,381,645 34 1,355,701 34 1,210,414 34 Total savings/money markets 1,708,311 42 1,665,945 42 1,466,761 41 CDs 287,192 7 206,449 5 244,969 7 Total customer deposits 4,035,806 100 3,980,239 100 3,476,268 98 Brokered deposits (1) 
 74,995 2 Total deposits 4,035,806 100 3,980,239 100 3,551,263 100 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Brokered deposits which are individually 250,000 and under. 
 
 Management believes customers generally maintained higher deposit balances in 2021 and 2020 in response to the pandemic and lower interest rates, contributing to elevated deposit balances in the respective periods. In 2022 deposit balances were impacted by customers seeking higher yield alternatives. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a slight shift in the deposit mix, from checking to term products, resulting from higher interest rates. 
 
 The Company offers its customers the ability to enhance FDIC insurance coverage by electing to participate a portion of their deposit balance into nationwide deposit networks, with an equal and reciprocal balance deposited to the Company through the network. The Company s total customer deposit balances reflect the reciprocal deposits received from other banks' customers participating in the programs. Essentially, the equivalent of the original customers' deposited funds comes back to the Company and are carried within the appropriate category under total customer deposits. The Company's balances in these reciprocal products were 589.7 million, 546.7 million, and 508.4 million at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. Savings accounts are not eligible for this program. 
 
 Management may, from time to time, utilize brokered deposits as a cost-effective wholesale funding source to support continued loan growth. Brokered deposits may be comprised of non-reciprocal insured overnight deposits and term funding gathered from nationwide bank networks or term deposits from large money center banks. 
 
 The following table shows the scheduled maturities of CDs greater than 250,000: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Due in three months or less 12,696 15,943 Due in greater than three months through six months 17,092 11,137 Due in greater than six months through twelve months 46,423 12,476 Due in greater than twelve months 23,223 12,490 Total CDs greater than 250,000 99,434 52,046 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The table below sets forth a comparison of the Company's average deposits, and average rates paid for the periods indicated, as well as the percentage of each deposit category to total average deposits. The annualized average rate on total deposits reflects both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Non-interest checking 1,422,618 1,341,633 1,120,916 Interest checking 696,639 0.07 651,985 0.03 520,836 0.14 Savings 336,881 0.05 293,868 0.04 236,549 0.08 Money market 1,348,254 0.25 1,303,170 0.09 1,173,243 0.46 Total interest-bearing non-term deposits 2,381,774 0.17 2,249,023 0.07 1,930,628 0.33 CDs 221,050 0.73 224,627 0.76 279,467 1.66 Total non-brokered deposits 4,025,442 0.14 3,815,283 0.09 3,331,011 0.33 Brokered deposits 45,617 1.46 47,743 1.39 Total 4,025,442 0.14 3,860,900 0.10 3,378,754 0.34 

Borrowed Funds 
 
 At December 31, 2022, borrowed funds were comprised of FHLB borrowings and other borrowings, and amounted to 3.2 million with a small portion of borrowed funds from a New Hampshire Business Finance Authority borrowing under a New Hampshire community development program linked to a commercial loan. At December 31, 2021, borrowed funds consisted of only FHLB borrowings, and amounted to 5.5 million. Outstanding borrowings from the FHLB typically have been comprised of overnight or short-term borrowings and term advances linked to outstanding commercial loans under various community reinvestment programs of the FHLB, which represented the majority of the balance at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The table below shows the comparison of the Company's average borrowed funds and average rates paid for the periods indicated: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Average Cost Average Balance Average Cost Average Balance Average Cost FHLB advances 3,266 1.59 7,632 0.79 35,762 1.65 FRB PPPLF advances 4,703 0.35 Other borrowed funds 20 14 1.07 Total borrowed funds 3,286 1.58 7,632 0.79 40,479 1.50 
 
 In the table above, "Other borrowings" represent term NH BFA advances or advances from the FRB discount window or correspondent banks, advanced as part of our annual test of these external funding facilities. In April 2020, the Company established access to the FRB s Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Fund ("PPPLF,") which provided funding secured by the pledge of PPP loans. The FRB's PPPLF program expired on July 31, 2021. 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 
 The Company had outstanding subordinated debt, net of deferred issuance costs, of 59.2 million at December 31, 2022, and 59.0 million at December 31, 2021, consisting of 60.0 million in fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes issued in July 2020, callable in July 2025 and due in July 2030. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the Company redeemed 15.0 million in subordinated notes issued January 2015. The redemption of these subordinated notes was recorded as a loss on the extinguishment of subordinated debt in the amount of 713 thousand. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives and Hedging 
 
 The Company may also, from time to time, use interest-rate swaps to hedge against adverse interest rate movements. During the first quarter of 2020, the Company entered into three pay fixed, receive float interest-rate swaps with a combined notional value, maturing from 2023 through 2025, of 75.0 million. In August 2021, all three interest rate swaps were terminated resulting in a 1.8 million loss on termination of swaps (reported as a component of non-interest income), and eliminated the related borrowing costs from 2022 through 2025. 
 
 The Company also has a "Back-to-Back Swap" program whereby the Bank enters into an interest-rate swap with qualified commercial banking customers and simultaneously enters into an equal and opposite interest-rate swap with a swap counterparty. The customer interest-rate swap agreement allows commercial banking customers to convert a floating-rate loan payment to a fixed-rate payment. The notional value of interest-rate swaps with customers decreased to 7.8 million at December 31, 2022, from 36.3 million at December 31, 2021. The fair value of assets and corresponding liabilities associated with these swaps and carried on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets was 782 thousand at December 31, 2022, compared to 528 thousand at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company has entered into a risk participation agreement ("RPA") under which the Company has assumed the credit risk for a customer's performance under an interest-rate swap agreement between the customer and the counterparty. The Company is not a direct counterparty to the interest-rate swap and received fee income commensurate with the risk assumed from entering into the RPA. The RPA and the customer's loan are secured by the same collateral. At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of the risk participation agreements sold was 24.7 million and the fair value was 73 thousand. 
 
 Shareholders' Equity 
 
 Total shareholders' equity amounted to 282.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 346.9 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 64.6 million, or 19 . The change was attributable primarily to a decrease in AOCI of 100.9 million since December 31, 2021, partially offset by an increase in retained earnings of 32.8 million over the same period. The change in AOCI resulted from a decrease in the fair value of debt securities, which is attributed to the significant increase in the prime lending rate by the Federal Reserve of 425 basis points between March and December of 2022. The Company classifies all debt securities as available-for-sale and anticipates they will mature or be called at par value. 
 
 The Company's reported book value per common share and return on average shareholders' equity ratios were impacted by the change in AOCI as follows: 
 Book value per common share was 23.26 at December 31, 2022, compared to 28.82 at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 19 . Excluding AOCI (non-GAAP), book value per common share was 31.19 at December 31, 2022, compared to 28.43 at December 31, 2021, an increase of 10 . 
 Return on average shareholders' equity was 14.47 and 12.49 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Return on average shareholders' equity, excluding AOCI (non-GAAP), was 11.74 and 13.03 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company declared cash dividends of 9.9 million and 8.9 million, respectively, and shareholders utilized the dividend reinvestment portion of the Company's dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan to purchase aggregate shares of the Company's common stock amounting to 40,640 shares and 36,651 shares, totaling 1.4 million and 1.3 million, respectively. 

Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity is the ability to meet cash needs arising from, among other things, fluctuations in loans, investments, deposits, and borrowings. Liquidity management is the coordination of activities so that cash needs are anticipated and met readily and efficiently. The Company's liquidity policies are set and monitored by the Company's Board. The duties and responsibilities related to asset-liability management matters are also covered by the Board. The Company's asset-liability objectives are to engage in sound balance sheet management strategies, maintain liquidity, provide and enhance access to a diverse and stable source of funds, provide competitively priced and attractive products to customers and conduct funding at a low-cost relative to current market conditions. Funds gathered are used to support current commitments, to fund earning asset growth, and to take advantage of selected leverage opportunities. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The Company's liquidity is maintained by projecting cash needs, balancing maturing assets with maturing liabilities, monitoring various liquidity ratios, monitoring deposit flows, maintaining cash flow within the investment portfolio, and maintaining wholesale funding resources. 
 
 The Company's wholesale funding sources included primarily borrowing capacity at the FHLB and brokered deposits. In addition, the Company's secondary funding sources include uncommitted overnight fed fund purchase arrangements with correspondent banks and access to the FRB discount window. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had the capacity to borrow additional funds from the FHLB and FRB discount window of up to approximately 780.0 million and 305.0 million, respectively. 
 
 Management believes that the Company has adequate liquidity to meet its obligations. However, if general economic conditions, the pandemic, or other events, cause these sources of external funding to become restricted or are eliminated, the Company may not be able to raise adequate funds or may incur substantially higher funding costs or operating restrictions in order to raise the necessary funds to support the Company's operations and growth. 
 
 The Company has in the past also increased capital and liquidity by offering for sale shares of the Company's common stock and through the issuance of subordinated debt. 

Capital Resources 
 
 The Company is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. The Company's capital policies and capital levels are monitored internally on a quarterly basis and capital planning is reviewed at least annually by the Board. 
 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate or result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary supervisory actions by regulators, which if undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition. At December 31, 2022, the capital levels of both the Company and the Bank complied with all applicable minimum capital requirements of the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC, respectively. Additionally, the Company met the definition of "well-capitalized" under the applicable Federal Reserve Board regulations and the Bank qualified as "well-capitalized" under the prompt corrective action regulations of Basel III and the FDIC. 
 
 The Company's total capital and tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets amounted to 13.49 and 10.56 , respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared to 13.73 and 10.62 , respectively, at December 31, 2021. The decrease in each ratio was due primarily to strong core loan growth (non-GAAP) over the respective periods, which required higher capital reserves than interest-earning deposits with banks. 
 
 Tier 1 capital to average assets amounted to 8.10 at December 31, 2022, compared to 7.56 at December 31, 2021. The increase was driven primarily by the increase in retained earnings noted above, partially offset by an increase in average assets. 
 
 See also Note 12, "Shareholders' Equity," to the Company's consolidated financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K below, for additional information regarding the capital requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank and their respective capital levels at December 31, 2022. For additional information on the Company's capital planning, see the section entitled "Capital Resources" contained in Item 1, "Business," of this Form 10-K. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 The Company is required to make future cash payments under various contractual obligations. The following table summarizes the contractual cash obligations at December 31, 2022: 
 Payments Due by Period (Dollars in thousands) Total With-in 1 Year >1 3 Years >3 5 Years After 5 Years Contractual cash obligations: CDs 287,192 227,658 58,311 1,019 204 FHLB borrowings 2,913 2,913 Other borrowings 303 303 Subordinated debt 60,000 60,000 Supplemental retirement plans 1,663 276 552 551 284 Operating lease obligations 39,535 1,406 2,876 2,907 32,346 Vendor contracts 18,019 9,718 6,740 1,561 Total contractual obligations 409,625 239,058 68,479 6,038 96,050 
 
 The Company is also party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. The instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The contractual amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in the particular classes of financial instruments. 
 
 The following table summarizes the contractual commitments at December 31, 2022: 
 Commitment Expiration By Period (Dollars in thousands) Total With-in 1 Year >1 3 Years >3 5 Years After 5 Years Other Commitments: Unadvanced loans and lines 1,233,889 752,013 309,808 55,834 116,234 Commitments to originate loans 27,148 27,148 Letters of credit 25,081 19,021 2,943 3,117 Commitments to originate loans for sale 170 170 Commitments to sell loans 170 170 Customer related interest-rate swaps notional amount (1) 
 7,777 7,777 Risk participation agreement notional amount 24,660 24,660 Total commitments 1,318,895 798,522 312,751 55,834 151,788 
 _______________________________________________ 
 (1) Offsetting positions to these interest-rate swaps are entered into with a counterparty. Notional principal amounts are not actually exchanged. 

Wealth Management 
 
 Wealth assets under management and wealth assets under administration are not carried as assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company provides a wide range of wealth management services, including investment management, brokerage, annuities, trust, and 401(k) administration. 
 
 Wealth assets under management and wealth assets under administration amounted to 891.5 million and 198.6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022, representing decreases of 150.0 million, or 14 , and 59.3 million, or 23 , respectively, compared to December 31, 2021. The decreases in wealth assets under management and wealth assets under administration were attributable primarily to declines in market values during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 The Company's asset and liability structure is substantially different from that of an industrial company in that virtually all assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary in nature. Management believes the impact of inflation on financial results depends upon the Company's ability to react to changes in interest rates and by such reaction, reduce the inflationary impact on performance. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction, or at the same magnitude, as the prices of other goods and services. As discussed previously, management seeks to manage the relationship between interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against wide net interest income fluctuations, including those resulting from inflation. 
 
 Various information shown elsewhere in this annual report will assist in the understanding of how well the Company is positioned to react to changing interest rates and inflationary trends. In particular, additional information related to the net interest margin sensitivity analysis is contained in Item 7A of this Form 10-K below and other maturity and repricing information of the Company's interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities is contained in this Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Form 10-K under the heading "Financial Condition" in this report. 

Accounting Policies/Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The Company's significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of this Form 10-K. In applying these accounting policies, management is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. Certain of the critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgment and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the Company's reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used be incorrect or change over time due to changes in circumstances. The most significant areas in which management applies critical assumptions and estimates are: the estimates of the allowance for credit losses for loans, and available-for-sale securities, the reserve for unfunded commitments and the impairment review of goodwill. 
 
 ACL for Loans 
 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, including the CECL methodology for estimating the ACL for loans. The CECL methodology requires early recognition of credit losses using an estimated lifetime credit loss measurement that takes into consideration reasonable and supportable forecasts. The ACL for loans is established through a provision for credit losses, a direct charge to earnings. The ACL for loans is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost to present the net amount of the loan portfolio expected to be collected. Credit losses are charged against the ACL for loans when management believes that the collectability of the amortized cost of the loan principal is unlikely. Recoveries on loans previously charged-off are credited to the ACL for loans, generally at the time cash is received on a charged-off account. 
 
 Arriving at an appropriate level of ACL for loans involves a high degree of management judgement. The underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments used to estimate the ACL for loans reflects the Company s best estimate of model assumptions and forecasted conditions at that time. Changes in such estimates can significantly affect the ACL for loans and the provision for credit losses. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company's ACL for loans. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the ACL for loans based on judgments different from those of management. It is possible and likely that the Company will experience credit losses that are different from the current estimates. 
 
 The Company uses a systematic methodology to measure the amount of estimated credit losses. The methodology uses a two-tiered approach that applies general reserves for larger groups of homogeneous loans, segmented by loan type or by internal risk rating, and specific reserves for loans individually evaluated. 
 
 In making its assessment on the adequacy of the general reserves of ACL for loans, management considers several quantitative and qualitative factors from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, including: the expected duration of the loans segments, the trends in risk classification of individual loans; individual review of larger and higher risk problem assets; the level of delinquent loans and non-performing loans; impaired and restructured loans; the level of foreclosure activity; net charge-offs; commercial concentrations by industry, property type and real estate location; the growth and composition of the loan portfolio; as well as trends in the general levels of these indicators. In addition, management monitors expansion in the Company's geographic market area, the experience level of lenders and any changes in underwriting criteria, the strength of the local and national economy, including general conditions in 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 the multi-family, commercial real estate and development and construction markets in the Company's local region. As well as changes in current and forecasted economic conditions, such as changes in gross domestic product, the unemployment rate and new jobs created, real estate values, commercial vacancy rates, recession risk estimates and other relevant economic factors. Management also performs a qualitative assessment beyond model estimates and applies qualitative adjustments as management deems necessary, acknowledging that it can take time for economic results to work through the loan portfolio with charge-offs often occurring years after the economic downturn. 
 
 For loans individually evaluated, the Company generally requires an internal evaluation or independent appraisal of the collateral supporting the loan. However, these assessment methods are only an estimate of the value of the collateral at the time the assessment is made and involve estimates and assumptions. An error in fact, estimate or judgment could adversely affect the reliability of the valuation. Furthermore, changes in those estimates due to the economic environment and events occurring after the initial assessment, may cause the value of the collateral to differ significantly from the initial valuations. 
 
 Reserve for unfunded commitments 
 
 The reserve for unfunded commitments is included in the line item "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The estimate of credit loss incorporates assumptions for both the likelihood and amount of funding over the estimated life of the commitments, including adjustments for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Management periodically reviews and updates its assumptions for estimated funding rates. 
 
 ACL for Available-for-Sale Securities 
 
 There are inherent risks associated with the Company's investment activities that could adversely impact the fair value and the ultimate collectability of the Company's investments. The Company primarily invests in debt securities. At December 31, 2022, the Company also held immaterial amounts of equity securities and FHLB stock. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses on available-for-sale securities based upon the unrealized gain or loss position of the security. For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company evaluates qualitative criteria to determine any expected loss unless the Company intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost. In the latter two circumstances, the Company recognizes the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value as a write-down of the investment balance with a charge to earnings. Otherwise, management s analysis considers various factors, which include among other considerations (1) the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected compared to the amortized cost of the security, (2) duration and magnitude of the decline in value, (3) the financial condition of the issuer or issuers, and (4) structure of the security. If the Company does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, an allowance for credit losses for available-for-sale securities would be recorded, with a related charge to earnings, limited by the amount of the fair value of the security less its amortized cost. 
 
 Impairment Review of Goodwill 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company does not amortize goodwill and instead, at least annually, evaluates whether the carrying value of goodwill has become impaired. A determination that goodwill has become impaired results in an immediate write-down of goodwill to its determined value with a resulting charge to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Income. Goodwill is evaluated at the reporting unit level. In the case of the Company, the services offered through the Bank and subsidiaries are managed as one strategic unit and represent the Company's only reportable operating segment. 
 The Company has the option to perform either (i) a qualitative assessment of whether it is "more likely than not" that the reporting unit's fair value is less than its book value, or (ii) a quantitative assessment. 
 1. Management's qualitative assessment would take into consideration, among other items, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost or margin factors, financial performance and share price. Based on the qualitative assessment, if the Company were to conclude: (a) it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its book value, goodwill is deemed not impaired, or (b) it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its book value, a quantitative goodwill analysis must be performed. 
 2. The Company may elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative analysis even if management does not believe that is "more likely than not" that goodwill is impaired. The quantitative goodwill analysis compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit equals or exceeds its book value, goodwill is deemed not impaired. If the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the difference between these amounts, not exceeding the goodwill carrying amount. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, based on the Company's qualitative analysis, goodwill was deemed not to be impaired. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," Item (w) "Recent Accounting Pronouncements," to the Company's consolidated financial statements, contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K below, for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Margin Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 The Company's primary market risk is interest-rate risk. Oversight of interest-rate risk management is the responsibility of the Board. Annually, the Board reviews and approves the Company's asset-liability management policy, which provides management with guidelines for controlling interest-rate risk, as measured through net interest income sensitivity to changes in interest rates, within certain tolerance levels. The Board also establishes and monitors guidelines for the Company's liquidity, capital ratios and asset-liability management. 
 
 The Company's asset-liability management strategies and guidelines are reported to the Board on a periodic basis. These strategies and guidelines are revised based on changes in interest-rate levels, general economic conditions, competition in the marketplace, the current interest-rate risk position of the Company, anticipated growth and other factors. 
 
 One of the principal factors in maintaining planned levels of net interest income is the ability to design effective strategies to manage the impact of interest rate changes on future net interest income. Quarterly, management completes a net interest income sensitivity analysis and reports the results to the Board. This analysis includes a simulation of the Company's net interest income under various interest-rate scenarios and assumes no future growth (i.e., static balance sheet). Variations in the interest-rate environment affect numerous factors, including prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, maturities of investments (due to call provisions), ability to attract deposits and other funding, and interest rates on various asset and liability accounts. Results of this analysis are also impacted by changes in liquidity, such as fluctuations in the balances of short-term investments and overnight borrowings. 
 
 The Company can be subject to margin compression depending on the economic environment, the shape of the yield curve and a mismatch in timing for yield changes on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Generally, the Company's margin generally performs better over time in a rising rate environment, while it decreases in a declining rate environment and when the yield curve is flattening or inverted. 
 
 In a flattening yield curve scenario, margin compression occurs as the spread between the cost of funding and the yield on interest-earning assets narrows. Under this scenario, the degree of margin compression is highly dependent on the Company's ability to fund asset growth through lower cost deposits. However, if the curve is flattening, while short-term rates are rising, the adverse impact on margin may be somewhat delayed, as increases in the Prime Lending Rate may initially result in the Company's asset yields re-pricing more quickly than funding costs. 
 
 In an inverted yield curve situation, shorter-term rates exceed longer-term rates, and the impact on margin is similar but more adverse than the flat curve scenario. However, the extent of the impact on margin is highly dependent on the Company's balance sheet mix. 
 
 In a declining rate environment, margin compression will eventually occur when the yield on interest-earning assets decreases more than funding costs. The primary causes would be the impact of interest rate decreases (including decreases in the Prime Lending Rate) on adjustable rate loans and the fact that decreases in deposit rates may be limited or lag decreases in the Prime Lending Rate. 
 
 In 2022, the Federal Reserve Bank increased the Prime Lending Rate 425 basis points and the Company s net interest margin benefited as increases in asset yields exceeded increases in the costs of funds, which often lag asset yield increases over the short term in a rising rate environment. Absent further increases in the Prime Lending Rate and assuming a static balance, future increases in the cost of funds may exceed increases in asset yields and reduce net interest margin. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to the heading "Results of Operations" contained within Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this Form 10-K for further discussion of margin. 
 
 The table below summarizes the results from the Company s net interest income simulation model and compares the percent change in net interest income to the rates unchanged scenario, assuming a static balance sheet for a 24-month period at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 As shown in the table, the Company's net interest income sensitivity has decreased at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 and 2020, resulting primarily from a decrease in the Company s net short-term liquidity, which is defined as interest-earning deposits in banks less short-term wholesale borrowings consisting of brokered deposits and FHLB borrowings, and an increase in loans originated with slightly longer initial fixed terms. 
 
 Additionally, in the 200 and 400 basis point rising rate scenarios noted, net interest income is projected to increase in the first 24 months primarily due to loan yields increasing more significantly than funding costs. In the declining rate scenario noted, net interest income is projected to decrease as funding costs do not decline as significantly as asset yields. Additionally, the percentage change is lower in the declining rate scenario at December 31, 2022 partially due to deposit rates being higher, allowing for a larger decline in interest expense compared to December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for percentage data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net short-term liquidity 227,472 397,525 133,377 Changes in interest rates Percentage Change Percentage Change Percentage Change Rates Rise 400 Basis Points 1.20 9.73 6.40 Rates Rise 200 Basis Points 0.45 5.37 3.57 Rates Unchanged Rates Decline 200 Basis Points (5.34) (9.54) (7.17) 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 2 1 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 69 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 116 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 118 

64 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with banks Total cash and cash equivalents Investments: Debt securities at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Equity securities at fair value Total investment securities at fair value Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock Loans: Total loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Lease right-of-use asset Accrued interest receivable Deferred income taxes, net Bank-owned life insurance Prepaid income taxes Prepaid expenses and other assets Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Liabilities Deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated debt Lease liability Accrued expenses and other liabilities Accrued interest payable Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued 
 Common stock par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest and dividend income: Loans and loans held for sale Investment securities Other interest-earning assets Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Wealth management fees Deposit and interchange fees Income on bank-owned life insurance, net Net (losses) gains on sales of debt securities ) Net gains on sales of loans Net gain on sale of OREO Net gain on sale of insurance commissions Loss on termination of swaps ) Gain (loss) on equity securities ) ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expenses Technology and telecommunications expenses Advertising and public relations expenses Audit, legal and other professional fees Deposit insurance premiums Supplies and postage expenses Loss on extinguishment of subordinated debt Other operating expenses Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes: Net change in fair value of debt securities ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income, net ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Total Shareholders Equity (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income, net Common stock dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock issued under dividend reinvestment plan Common stock issued, other Stock-based compensation, net Net settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options ) ) ) Stock option exercised, net Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Cumulative effect adjustment for CECL adoption ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Common stock dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock issued under dividend reinvestment plan Common stock issued, other Stock-based compensation, net Net settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options ) ) ) Stock options exercised, net Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Common stock dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock issued under dividend reinvestment plan Common stock issued, other Stock-based compensation, net Net settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options ) ) ) Stock options exercised, net Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Income on bank-owned life insurance, net ) ) ) Net losses (gains) on sales of debt securities ) ) Net losses (gains) on equity securities ) Mortgage loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from mortgage loans sold Net gains on sales of loans ) ) ) Net gains on sales of OREO ) Loss on termination of swaps Changes in: Net (increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales of debt securities Purchase of debt securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities, calls and pay-downs of debt securities Net purchases of equity securities ) ) ) Net purchases of FHLB capital stock ) ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Additions to premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Proceeds from OREO sales Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net (decrease) increase in borrowed funds ) ) Repayment of subordinated debt ) Loss on extinguishment of subordinated debt Proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt Cash dividends paid, net of dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options ) ) ) Net proceeds from stock option exercises Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) 
 
 full-service branch banking offices serving the Northern Middlesex, Northern Essex and Northern Worcester counties of Massachusetts and Southern Hillsborough and Southern Rockingham counties in New Hampshire. 
 
 Through the Bank and its subsidiaries, the Company offers a range of commercial, residential and consumer loan products, deposit products and cash management services, electronic and digital banking options. The Company also provides a range of wealth management services. The services offered through the Bank and its subsidiaries are managed as strategic unit and represent the Company's only reportable operating segment. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") and the Massachusetts Division of Banks (the "Division") have regulatory authority over the Bank. The Bank is also subject to certain regulatory requirements of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board") and, with respect to its New Hampshire branch operations, the New Hampshire Banking Department. The business and operations of the Company are subject to the regulatory oversight of the Federal Reserve Board. The Division also retains supervisory jurisdiction over the Company. 

(b) 

70 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(d) 

(e) 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(f) 
 
 payments for certain loan sales. Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of aggregate amortized cost or fair value on a separate line on the balance sheet. Fair value is based on comparable market prices for loans with similar rates and terms. When loans are sold, a gain or loss is recognized to the extent that the sales proceeds plus unamortized fees and costs exceed, or are less than, the carrying value of the loans. Gains and losses are determined using the specific identification method. 
 
 (g) 
 to for lines of credit and demand notes or over the life of the related loans using the level-yield method for all other types of loans. When loans are paid off, the unamortized fees and costs are recognized as an adjustment to interest income. 
 
 Certain of the Company's directors, officers, principal shareholders, and their associates are credit customers of the Company in the ordinary course of business. In addition, certain directors are also directors, trustees, officers or shareholders of corporations and non-profit entities or members of partnerships that are customers of the Bank and that enter into loan and other transactions with the Bank in the ordinary course of business. All loans and commitments included in such transactions are on such terms, including interest rates, repayment terms and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons who are not affiliated with the Bank and do not involve more than a normal risk of collectability or present other features unfavorable to the Bank. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(h) 
 
 days or when, in the judgment of management, the collectability of both principal and interest is reasonably assured. Interest payments received on loans in a non-accrual status are generally applied to principal on the books of the Company. 
 
 Loans individually evaluated consist primarily of loans for which management considers it probable that not all amounts due (principals and interest) will be collected in accordance with the original contractual terms and loans designated as TDRs and to a lesser extent, if applicable, loans that management deems as individually significant or with unique risk characteristics or for some other reason based on management s judgement. Management considers the individual payment status, net worth and 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

74 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 75 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(i) 
 
 (j) 

to years 
 Computer software and equipment to years 
 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment to years 

(k) 

(l) 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(n) 
 branch offices in July 2000. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company does not amortize goodwill and instead, at least annually, evaluates whether the carrying value of goodwill has become impaired. A determination that goodwill has become impaired results in an immediate write-down of goodwill to its determined value with a resulting charge to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Income. Goodwill is evaluated at the reporting unit level. In the case of the Company, the services offered through the Bank and subsidiaries are managed as strategic unit and represent the Company s only reportable operating segment. 
 
 The Company has the option to perform either (i) a qualitative assessment of whether it is "more likely than not" that the reporting unit's fair value is less than its book value, or (ii) a quantitative assessment. 
 
 1. Management's qualitative assessment would take into consideration, among other items, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost or margin factors, financial performance and share price. Based on the qualitative assessment, if the Company were to conclude: a) it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its book value, goodwill is deemed not impaired, or b) it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its book value, a quantitative goodwill analysis must be performed. 

At December 31, 2022, based on the Company's quantitative analysis, goodwill was deemed not impaired. 
 
 (o) 

(p) 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(q) 

(r) 
 active stock incentive plan: The Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2016 Plan"). The 2016 Plan permits the Board to grant, under various terms, both incentive and non-qualified stock options (for the purchase of newly issued shares of common stock), restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights to officers and other employees, and to non-employee directors and consultants. The 2016 Plan also allows for newly issued shares of common stock to be issued without restrictions to officers and other employees, and non-employee directors and consultants. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 common shares remained available for future grants under the 2016 Plan. Awards previously granted under an earlier, now expired plan remain outstanding and may be exercised through 2028. 
 
 Under terms of the 2016 Plan, option exercised and restricted stock awards vested may be net settled to cover payment for option costs and employee tax obligations, resulting in shares of common stock being reacquired by the Company and returned to the pool of shares reserved for issuance under the incentive plans. In accordance with Massachusetts law, shares reacquired by the Company will be treated as authorized but unissued shares. 
 
 The non-employee members of the Company's Board may opt to receive newly issued shares of the Company's common stock in lieu of cash compensation for attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings. These shares are issued annually each January for Board meetings held in the previous year. Directors must make an irrevocable election to receive shares of common stock in lieu of cash fees prior to December 31st of the preceding year. Directors are granted shares of common stock in lieu of cash fees based on an average quarterly close price of the Company's common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market during the year. 
 
 From time to time, the Company issues shares to community members for consulting on regional advisory councils and grants shares of fully vested stock as employee anniversary awards. These shares vest immediately and the cost, which is based on the market price on the date of grant and deemed to be immaterial, is expensed in the period in which the services are rendered. 
 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements include stock-based compensation expense for the portion of stock option awards and stock awards for which the requisite service has been rendered during the period or the estimate of achieving certain predefined performance objectives. The compensation expense has been recorded based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the stock option awards with no adjustment for estimated forfeitures, or in the case of stock awards, the market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Expense adjustments are made for actual forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 The Company will recognize the remaining estimated compensation expense for the portion of outstanding awards and compensation expense for any future awards, net of actual forfeitures, as the requisite service is rendered (i.e., on a straight-line basis over the remaining vesting period of each award) or as performance objectives are met. Stock awards that do not require future service ("vested awards") will be expensed immediately. Stock-based compensation also includes director stock compensation for stock awards and stock in lieu of cash fees, both included in other operating expenses. 
 
 See Note 14, "Stock-Based Compensation," to the Company's consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-K, contained below, for further information on the Company's stock incentive plans and terms of outstanding awards and the Company's stock-based compensation. 
 
 (s) 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(t) 
 
 (u) 

(v) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(w) 

81 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (2) 

U.S. treasury securities Federal agency CMO Federal agency MBS Taxable municipal securities Tax-exempt municipal securities Corporate bonds Subordinated corporate bonds Total debt securities, at fair value 
 
 Federal agency CMO Federal agency MBS Taxable municipal securities Tax-exempt municipal securities Corporate bonds Subordinated corporate bonds Total debt securities, at fair value 
 At December 31, 2022, management performed its quarterly analysis of all securities with unrealized losses and determined that the losses were primarily attributable to significant increases in market interest rates experienced during 2022. Management concluded that no ACL for available-for-sale securities was necessary as of December 31, 2022 and anticipates they will mature or be called at par value. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale debt securities, included in the " Accrued Interest Receivable " line item on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 U.S. treasury securities Federal agency CMO Federal agency MBS Taxable municipal securities Tax-exempt municipal securities Corporate bonds Subordinated corporate bonds Total temporarily impaired debt securities 
 
 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses # of Holdings U.S. treasury securities Federal agency CMO Federal agency MBS Taxable municipal securities Total temporarily impaired debt securities 
 
 Due after one, but within five years Due after five, but within ten years Due after ten years Total debt securities 
 
 Scheduled contractual maturities shown above may not reflect the actual maturities of the investments. The actual MBS/CMO cash flows likely will be faster than presented above due to prepayments and amortization. Similarly, included in the table above are callable securities, comprised of municipal securities and corporate bonds, with a fair value of million at December 31, 2022, which can be redeemed by the issuers prior to the maturity presented above. Management considers these factors when evaluating the interest-rate risk in the Company's asset-liability management program. 
 
 From time to time the Company may pledge debt securities as collateral for deposit account balances of municipal customers, and for borrowing capacity with the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston ("FRB"). The fair value of debt securities pledged as collateral for these purposes was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Gross realized gains on sales Gross realized losses on sales ) Total proceeds from sales of debt securities 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Amortized cost of investments sold is determined on a specific identification basis and includes pending trades based on trade date, if applicable. 
 
 Tax-exempt interest earned on the municipal securities portfolio was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The average balance of tax-exempt investments was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held equity securities with a fair value of million, compared to million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the equity securities portfolio consisted of investments market index funds and common stock of entities in the financial services industry. Included in the equity securities portfolio were mutual funds with a fair value of million and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, held in conjunction with the Company's supplemental executive retirement and deferred compensation plan. Less: Net (losses) gains realized on equity securities sold during the period ) Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the end of the period ) 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (3) 
 
 Commercial and industrial (1) 
 Commercial construction SBA PPP (1) 
 Total commercial loans Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total retail loans Total loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (1) PPP loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 of million were transferred to the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 
 Net deferred loan origination fees, included in the amortized costs of loans reflected in the table above, amounted to million, including thousand of deferred PPP fees, at December 31, 2022 and million, including million of deferred PPP fees, at December 31, 2021. Accrued interest receivable on loans amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and was included in the " Accrued interest receivable " line item on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Commercial loans originated by other banks in which the Company is a participating institution are carried at the pro-rata share of ownership and amounted to million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. See also "Loans serviced for others" below for information related to commercial loans participated out to various other institutions. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the majority of PPP loans outstanding are no longer expected to be forgiven by the SBA. The Company expects that loans that were originated under the PPP and remained outstanding at December 31, 2022 will be repaid as agreed with any remaining balance guaranteed by the SBA. 
 
 Related Party Loans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding loan balances to directors, officers, principal shareholders, and their associates were million and million, respectively. All loans to these related parties were current and accruing as of those dates. Unadvanced portions of lines of credit available to these individuals were million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, new loans and net increases in loan balances or lines of credit under existing commitments of million were made and principal pay-downs of million were received. During 2021, new loans and net increases in loan balances or lines of credit under existing commitments of million were made and principal pay-downs of million were received. 
 
 Loans serviced for others 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was servicing residential mortgage loans owned by investors amounting to million and million, respectively. Additionally, the Company was servicing commercial loans originated by the Company and participated out to various other institutions amounting to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Residential mortgages Home equity Total loans pledged to FHLB 
 
 Tax-Exempt Interest 
 
 Tax-exempt interest earned on qualified commercial loans was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and million for the year ended and December 31, 2020. Average tax-exempt loan balances were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(4) 
 million, net of million in deferred income taxes. The ACL for loans increased by million and the reserve for unfunded commitments (included in other liabilities) increased by million. 
 
 See item (g) "Loans" contained in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of this Form 10-K, for additional information on the Company's loan accounting policies, Credit Risk monitoring, and ACL methodology. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Special mention Substandard Total commercial real estate Commercial and industrial (1) 
 Pass Special mention Substandard Total commercial and industrial Commercial construction Pass Special mention Substandard Total commercial construction Residential mortgages Pass Special mention Substandard Total residential mortgages Home equity Pass Substandard Total home equity Consumer Pass Total consumer Total loans 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Substandard Total commercial and industrial Commercial construction Pass Substandard Total commercial construction SBA PPP (1) 
 Residential mortgages Pass Special mention Substandard Total residential mortgages Home equity Pass Substandard Total home equity Consumer Pass Doubtful Total consumer Total loans 
 ________________________ 
 (1) All SBA PPP loans were pass-rated at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as these loans are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. At December 31, 2022, PPP loans outstanding were transferred to the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 
 The total amortized cost basis of adversely classified loans amounted to million, or of total loans, at December 31, 2022, and million, or of total loans, at December 31, 2021. 

88 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total loans 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Past Due 90 days or More Total Past 
 Due Loans (1) 
 Current 
 Loans (1) 
 Total Loans Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total loans 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) The loan balances in the table above include loans designated as non-accrual despite their payment due status. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, non-accrual loans included all loans past due 90 days or more, in addition to those loans that were less than 90 days past due where reasonable doubt existed as to the full and timely collection of interest or principal that have also been designated as non-accrual, despite their payment due status. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total loans 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total loans 
 
 The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The decline in non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was due primarily to two commercial relationships that were returned to accrual status due to improved financial strength and consistent payment history. 
 
 Non-accrual loans that were not adversely classified were immaterial at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, additional funding commitments for non-accrual loans were not material. 
 
 Less income recognized Reduction in interest income 
 
 Collateral dependent loans 
 
 The carrying value of collateral dependent loans amounted to million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. Total accruing collateral dependent loans amounted to million, while non-accrual collateral dependent loans amounted to million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, total accruing collateral dependent loans amounted to million while non-accrual collateral dependent loans amounted to million. 
 
 Loans that have been individually evaluated and repayment is expected substantially from the operations or ultimate sale of the underlying collateral are deemed to be collateral dependent loans. Collateral dependent loans are adversely classified loans. These loans may be accruing or on non-accrual status. Collateral dependent loans are carried at the lower of the recorded investment in the loan or the estimated fair value. Underlying collateral will vary by type of loan, as discussed below. 
 Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by both owner and non-owner occupied (investor) real estate. These loans are typically secured by a variety of commercial, residential investment, and industrial property types, including one-to-four and multi-family apartment buildings, office, industrial, or mixed-use facilities, strip shopping centers, or other commercial properties. 
 
 Commercial and industrial credits may be unsecured loans and lines to financially strong borrowers, loans secured in whole or in part by real estate unrelated to the principal purpose of the loan or secured by inventories, equipment, or receivables. 
 
 Commercial construction loans include the development of residential housing and condominium projects, the development of commercial and industrial use property, and loans for the purchase and improvement of raw land. These loans are secured in whole or in part by underlying real estate collateral. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Unpaid Contractual Principal Balance Total Recorded Investment in Collateral Dependent Loans Recorded Investment without a Specific Reserve Recorded Investment with a Specific Reserve Related Specific Reserve Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total 
 
 The Company's obligation to fulfill the additional funding commitments on individually evaluated loans is generally contingent on the borrower's compliance with the terms of the credit agreement. If the borrower is not in compliance, additional funding commitments may or may not be made at the Company's discretion. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, additional funding commitments for individually evaluated collateral dependent loans were not material. 
 
 Troubled debt restructurings 
 
 Total TDR loans as of December 31, 2022 amounted to million compared to million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, TDR loans on accrual status amounted to million and million, respectively, and TDR loans included in non-accrual loans amounted to million and million, respectively. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction SBA PPP Residential mortgages Home equity Consumer Total 
 
 There were subsequent charge-offs of new TDRs noted in the table above during the years ended 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Interest payments received on non-accruing 2022 and 2021 TDR loans which were applied to principal and not recognized as interest income were not material. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Total 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Temporary payment reduction and payment re-amortization of remaining principal over extended term Temporary interest-only payment plan Other payment concessions Total Allowance for credit losses associated with TDR loans listed above 
 
 ACL for loans and provision for credit loss activity 
 
 Provision for unfunded commitments Total provision for credit losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the ACL for loans to total loans ratio was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 CECL adjustment upon adoption Provision Recoveries Less: Charge-offs Balance at end of year 
 The following tables present changes in the ACL for loans by portfolio classification, during the periods presented below: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Residential Mortgage Home Equity Consumer Total Beginning Balance at December 31, 2021 Provision for credit losses for loans ) ) Recoveries Less: Charge-offs Ending Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 CECL adjustment upon adoption ) ) ) Provision for credit losses for loans ) ) Recoveries Less: Charge-offs Ending Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 Reserve for unfunded commitments 
 
 The Company s reserve for unfunded commitments amounted to million as of December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other real estate owned ("OREO") 
 
 The Company carried OREO at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, there were additions to or sales of OREO. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there was addition to OREO, which was subsequently sold in the same year. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were write-downs of OREO. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdictions. 

(5) 
 
 Bank premises and leasehold improvements Computer software and equipment Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Total premises and equipment, before accumulated depreciation Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total premises and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 
 
 Total depreciation expense related to premises and equipment amounted to million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(6) 
 
 active operating real estate leases. The Company's leased facilities are contracted under various non-cancelable operating leases, most of which provide options to the Company to extend the lease periods and include periodic rent adjustments. While the Company typically exercises its option to extend lease terms, the lease contains provisions that allow the Company, upon notification, to terminate the lease at the end of the lease term, or any option period. Several real estate leases also provide the Company the right of first refusal should the property be offered for sale. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million, respectively. Variable lease costs and short-term lease expenses included in lease expense during this period were immaterial. 
 
 The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was years and years, respectively. The weighted average discount rate was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liability 

(7) 
 Interest-bearing checking Savings Money market CDs 250,000 or less CDs greater than 250,000 Deposits 
 
 The Company had no brokered deposits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Total customer deposits include reciprocal balances from checking, money market deposits and CDs received from participating banks in nationwide deposit networks as a result of our customers electing to participate in Company offered programs which allow for enhanced FDIC insurance. Essentially, the equivalent of the customers' original deposited funds are reciprocated back through the network to the Company and are carried within the appropriate category under deposits. The Company's balances in these reciprocal products were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The aggregate amounts of overdrawn deposits that have been reclassified as loan balances were thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Due in over one year through two years Due in over two years through three years Due in over three years through four years Due in over four years through five years Due in over five years Total CDs 

(8) 
 
 Other borrowings Total borrowed funds Subordinated debt 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, FHLB advances were comprised of term borrowings primarily related to specific lending projects under the FHLB's community development program. At December 31, 2022, "Other borrowings" consisted of a New Hampshire Business Finance Authority (the "NH BFA") borrowing under a New Hampshire community development program, currently a zero rate advance, linked to a commercial loan. The NH BFA program is design to encourage community development with a tiered rate of zero in year one, 50 of the customer's loan rate in year two and equivalent to the loan rate in year three and beyond. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, t 
 Over 5 years 
 
 Maximum FHLB and other borrowings outstanding at any month-end period during 2022 was million, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 
 FRB PPPLF advances Other borrowings Total borrowed funds 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million. In addition, based on qualifying corporate and municipal bond collateral, the Bank had the capacity to borrow funds from the FRB discount window up to approximately million at December 31, 2022. The Bank also has pre-approved borrowing arrangements with large correspondent banks to provide overnight and short-term borrowing capacity. 
 
 The Company had outstanding subordinated debt, net of deferred issuance costs, of million, and million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The debt consists of fixed-to-floating rate notes, due in 2030, and callable at the Company's option on or after July 15, 2025. The subordinated notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 
 
 The subordinated notes pay interest at a fixed rate of per annum through October 15, 2025, after which floating quarterly rates apply. Original debt issuance costs were million and have been netted against the subordinated debt on the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with accounting guidance. These costs are being amortized to interest expense over the life of the subordinated notes. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the Company redeemed million in notes that were due in 2030. The redemption was recorded as a loss on the extinguishment of subordinated debt in the amount of thousand. 

(9) 
 
 Interest-rate contracts - pay fixed, receive floating Risk participation agreements sold Total derivatives not subject to hedge accounting 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Asset Notional Amount Asset Derivatives (1)(2) 
 Liability Notional Amount Liability Derivatives (1)(2) 
 Derivatives not subject to hedge accounting Interest-rate contracts - pay floating, receive fixed Interest-rate contracts - pay fixed, receive floating Total back-to-back interest-rate swaps 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Accrued interest balances related to the Company s interest rate swaps are not included in the fair values above and are immaterial. 
 (2) The assets and liabilities related to the pay fixed, receive floating interest-rate contracts are subject to a master netting agreement and are presented net in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 The Company had no derivative fair value hedges at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 pay fixed, receive float interest rate swaps with notional values totaling million resulting in a million loss on termination of swaps, which was reported as a component of non-interest income. The Company terminated these interest-rate swaps and accelerated the reclassification of the loss from other comprehensive income to earnings as a result of hedged forecasted transactions becoming probable not to occur. 
 
 Back-to-Back Swaps 
 
 The Company has a "Back-to-Back Swap" program whereby the Bank enters into an interest-rate swap with qualified commercial banking customers and simultaneously enters into equal and opposite interest-rate swap with a swap counterparty. The customer interest-rate swap agreement allows commercial banking customers to convert a floating-rate loan payment to a fixed-rate payment. 
 
 Each Back-to-Back swap consists of interest-rate swaps (a customer swap and offsetting counterparty swap) and amounted to a total number of interest-rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. As a result of this offsetting relationship, there were net gains or losses recognized in income on Back-to-Back swaps during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, or December 31, 2020. 
 
 Interest-rate swaps with the counterparty are subject to master netting agreements, while interest-rate swaps with customers are not. At December 31, 2022, all the back-to-back swaps with the counterparty were in asset positions and at December 31, 2021, all the back-to-back swaps with the counterparty were in liability positions, therefore there was no netting reflected in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the respective dates. 
 
 Risk Participation Agreements 
 
 The Company has entered into a risk participation agreement ("RPA") under which the Company has assumed the credit risk for a customer's performance under an interest-rate swap agreement between the customer and the counterparty. The Company is not a direct counterparty to the interest-rate swap and received fee income commensurate with the risk assumed from entering into the RPA. The RPA and the customer's loan are secured by the same collateral. At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of the risk participation agreements sold was million. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 By using derivative financial instruments, the Company exposes itself to counterparty credit risk. Credit risk is the risk of failure by the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes the Company, which creates credit risk for the Company. When the fair value of a derivative is negative, the Company owes the counterparty and, therefore, it does not possess credit risk. The credit risk in derivative instruments is mitigated by entering into transactions with highly rated counterparties that management believes to be creditworthy. Additionally, counterparty interest-rate swaps contain provisions for collateral to be posted if the derivative exposure exceeds a threshold amount. 
 
 The Company had interest-rate swap counterparty that was rated A and A2 by Standard Poor's and Moody's, respectively, at December 31, 2022. When the Company has credit risk exposure, cash collateral is posted by the counterparty. Collateral posted by counterparties is restricted and not considered an asset of the Company, therefore, it is not carried on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the Company posts collateral, the restricted cash is carried on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022, the Company had credit risk exposure relating to interest-rate swaps with counterparties of thousand and counterparties posted cash collateral of thousand. At December 31, 2021, the Company had credit risk exposure relating to interest-rate swaps with counterparties and posted restricted cash collateral of thousand. 
 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 
 The Company's interest-rate swaps with counterparties contain credit-risk-related contingent provisions. These provisions provide the counterparty with the right to terminate its derivative positions and require the Company to settle its obligations under the agreements if the Company defaults on certain of its indebtedness. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 thousand, which excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk. The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and as of December 31, 2022, has not posted collateral related to these agreements. 
 
 Other Derivative Related Activity 
 
 The Company also participates in loans originated by third party banks, where the originating bank utilizes a back-to-back interest-rate swap structure; however, the Company is not a party to the swap agreements. Under the terms of the loan participations, the Company has accepted contingent liabilities that would only be realized if the swaps were terminated early and there were outstanding losses not covered by the underlying borrowers and the borrowers' pledged collateral. If applicable, the Company's swap-loss exposure would be equal to a percentage of the originating bank's swap loss based on the ratio of the Company's loan participation to the underlying loan. At both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had participation loan where the originating bank utilizes a back-to-back interest-rate swap structure. At December 31, 2022, management considers the risk of material swap loss exposure related to this participation loan to be unlikely based the borrower's financial and collateral strength. 

(10) 
 
 Commitments to originate residential mortgages loans for sale Commitments to sell residential mortgage loans Letters of credit Unadvanced portions of commercial real estate loans Unadvanced portions of commercial loans and lines Unadvanced portions of construction loans (commercial residential) Unadvanced portions of home equity lines Unadvanced portions of consumer loans 
 
 Commitments to originate loans are agreements to lend to a customer provided there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee by the customer. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 payments for certain loan sales. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the financial obligation or performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. If the letter of credit is drawn upon, a loan is created for the customer, generally a commercial loan, with the same criteria associated with similar commercial loans. 
 
 Unadvanced portions of loans and lines of credit represent credit extended to customers but not yet drawn upon and are secured or guaranteed under preexisting loan agreements and credit evaluations having taken into consideration the full commitment amount. 
 
 See also Note 9, "Derivatives and Hedging Activities," and Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," under Item (p), "Derivatives," to the Company's consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-K, contained above, for information on the Company's interest-rate lock commitments, interest-rate swaps, and participation in loans originated by third-party banks with potential contingent liabilities. 
 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or its subsidiaries are a party or to which any of its property is subject, other than ordinary and routine litigation incidental to the business of the Company. Management does not believe resolution of any present litigation will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

(11) ) ) ) Less: net security (losses) gains reclassified into non-interest income ) ) ) Net change in fair value of debt securities ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Less: net cash flow hedges losses reclassified into interest expense ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) ) ) 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income - ending balance ) ) 

(12) 
 
 shares of common stock, with a par value of per share, and as of December 31, 2022 had shares issued and outstanding. Holders of common stock are entitled to vote per share and are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared by the Board. Dividend and liquidation rights of the common stock may be subject to the rights of any outstanding preferred stock. The Company is also authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. preferred stock has been issued as of the date of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company has a shareholders' rights plan. Under the plan, each share of common stock includes a right to purchase under certain circumstances one one-hundredth of a share of the Company's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share, at a purchase price of per one one-hundredth of a preferred share, subject to adjustment, or, in certain circumstances, to receive cash, property, shares of common stock or other securities of the Company. The rights are not presently exercisable and remain attached to the shares of common stock until the occurrence of certain triggering events that would ordinarily be associated with an unsolicited acquisition or attempted acquisition of or more of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. The rights have no voting or dividend privileges, and unless and until they become exercisable, have no dilutive effect on the earnings of the Company. The rights will expire, unless earlier redeemed, exchanged, or otherwise rescinded by the Company, on January 13, 2028. 
 
 The Company's stock incentive plans permit the Board to grant, under various terms, stock options (for the purchase of newly issued shares of common stock), common stock, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights to officers and other employees, non-employee directors and consultants. See Note 14, "Stock-Based Compensation," to the Company's consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-K, contained below, for additional information regarding the Company's stock incentive plans. 
 
 Capital Raised and Capital Adequacy Requirements 
 
 Capital planning by the Company and the Bank considers current needs and anticipated future growth. Ongoing sources of capital include the retention of earnings, less dividends paid, proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and proceeds from purchases of shares pursuant to the DRSPP. Additional sources of capital for the Company and the Bank have been proceeds from the issuance of common stock and proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt. The Company believes its current capital is adequate to support ongoing operations. 
 
 Management believes, as of December 31, 2022, that the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company met the definition of "well-capitalized" under the applicable Federal Reserve Board regulations and the Bank qualified as "well-capitalized" under the prompt corrective action regulations of Basel III and the FDIC. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital to average assets (or Leverage Ratio) N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets N/A N/A The Bank Total Capital to risk-weighted assets Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets Tier 1 Capital to average assets (or Leverage Ratio) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets 
 Actual Minimum Capital for Capital Adequacy Purposes (1) 
 Minimum Capital 
 to be 
 Well-Capitalized (2) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2021 The Company Total Capital to risk-weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital to average assets (or Leverage Ratio) N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets N/A N/A The Bank Total Capital to risk-weighted assets Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets Tier 1 Capital to average assets (or Leverage Ratio) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Before application of the capital conservation buffer of . See discussion below. 
 (2) For the Bank to qualify as "well-capitalized," it must maintain at least the minimum ratios listed under the regulatory prompt corrective action framework. This framework does not apply to the Company. 
 
 The Company is subject to the Basel III capital ratio requirements, which include a "capital conservation buffer" of above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital adequacy requirements shown above. If a banking organization dips into its capital conservation buffer it may be restricted in its activities, including its ability to pay dividends and discretionary bonus payments to its executive officers. Both the Company's and the Bank's actual ratios, as outlined in the table above, exceeded the Basel III risk-based capital requirement with the capital conservation buffer as of December 31, 2022. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Tier 1 Capital to RWA Tier 1 Capital to AA, or Leverage Ratio N/A Common equity tier 1 capital to RWA 
 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate or result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary supervisory actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under applicable capital adequacy requirements and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action applicable to the Bank, the Company must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company's capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 See also "Supervision and Regulation," contained in Item 1, "Business," of this Form 10-K for further information on the Company's Basel III and capital requirements. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared million in cash dividends and shareholders utilized the dividend reinvestment portion of the DRSPP to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock totaling million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company declared million in cash dividends and shareholders utilized the dividend reinvestment portion of the DRSPP to purchase shares of the Company's common stock totaling million. In 2020, the Company declared million in cash dividends and shareholders utilized the dividend reinvestment portion of the DRSPP to purchase shares of the Company's common stock totaling million. See "Shares Authorized and Share Issuance" above in this Note 12 of this Form 10-K for more information on the DRSPP, including the direct stock purchase component of the plan. 

(13) 
 up to the first contributed by the employee. 
 
 All eligible employees, at least years of age and completing hour of service, may participate in the 401(k) plan. Vesting for the Company's 401(k) retirement plan matching contribution is based on years of service with participants becoming vested on the anniversary of their hire date and each subsequent year until they are 100 vested following of service. Unvested amounts not distributed to an employee following termination of employment are used to offset plan expenses and the Company's matching contributions. 
 
 The Company's expense for the 401(k) plan match was million, million, and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Additionally, the Company maintains the Enterprise Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan. The plan is unfunded and is maintained for the purpose of providing deferred compensation to a certain group of 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan ("SERP") 
 
 The Company has salary continuation agreements with of its current executive officers and former executive officer. These salary continuation agreements provide for predetermined fixed-cash supplemental retirement benefits to be provided for a period of years after each individual reaches a defined "benefit age." The individuals covered under the SERP have reached the defined benefit age and are receiving payments under the SERP. Additionally, the Company has not recognized service costs in the current or prior year as each officer had previously attained their individually defined benefit age and was fully vested under the SERP. 
 
 This non-qualified plan represents a direct liability of the Company, and as such, the Company has no specific assets set aside to settle the benefit obligation. The aggregate amount accrued, or the "accumulated benefit obligation," is equal to the present value of the benefits to be provided to the employee or any beneficiary. Because the Company's benefit obligations provide for predetermined fixed-cash payments, the Company does not have any unrecognized costs to be included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 The amounts charged to expense for the SERP are included in the table below. The Company anticipates accruing an additional thousand to the SERP for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost: Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) Net periodic benefit costs ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Funded status: Accrued liability as of December 31 ) ) ) Discount rate used for benefit obligation (1) 
 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Management utilizes the Moody's 20-year AA corporate bond rates to establish the reasonableness of the discount rate used. The Company reviews and periodically updates the discount rate to reflect changes in bond market rates. The impact of the discount rate change is reflected as the actuarial gain or loss. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Net periodic benefit cost: Service cost ) ) ) Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Total net period cost ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Funded status: Accrued liability as of December 31 ) ) ) Discount rate used for benefit obligation (1) 
 
 __________________________________________ 

The amounts charged to expense for supplemental life insurance are included in the table above. The Company anticipates accruing an additional thousand to the plan for the year ending December 31, 2023. 

(14) 
 active stock incentive plan: The Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 The Company's stock-based compensation expense related to these plans includes stock options and stock awards to officers and other employees included in salary and benefits expense, and stock awards and stock compensation in lieu of cash fees to non-employee directors both included in other operating expenses. Total stock-based compensation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The total tax benefit recognized related to the stock-based compensation expense was thousand, thousand, and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Tax benefits associated with employee exercises and vesting of stock compensation amounted to thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, compared with a tax expense of thousand for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 in year two and in year four, on or about the anniversary date of the awards. Under the terms of the plans, stock options may not be granted at less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant and may not have a term of more than years. 
 
 The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option valuation model in order to determine the per share grant date fair value of stock option grants. 
 
 Term in years Weighted average assumptions used in the fair value model: Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life in years Risk-free interest rate Weighted average market price on date of grants Per share weighted average fair value Fair value as a percentage of market value at grant date 
 
 The expected volatility is the anticipated variability in the Company's share price over the expected life of the stock option and is based on the Company's historical volatility. 
 
 The expected dividend yield is the Company's projected dividends based on historical annualized dividend yield to coincide with volatility divided by its share price at the date of grant. 
 
 The expected life represents the period of time that the stock option is expected to be outstanding. The Company utilized the simplified method, under which the expected term equals the vesting term plus the contractual term divided by 2. 
 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Department of the Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant for a period equivalent to the expected life of the stock option. 
 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited/Expired Outstanding December 31, 2022 Vested and Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The intrinsic value of stock options vested and exercisable represents the total pretax value that would have been received by the stock option holders had all in-the-money vested stock option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, of the vested and exercisable stock options were in-the money. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 thousand, thousand, and thousand during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised amounted to thousand, thousand and thousand during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash paid by the Company for the net settlement of stock options to cover employee tax obligations amounted to thousand and thousand during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company made such cash payments during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value of stock options vested (based on grant date fair value) during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. 
 
 Compensation expense recognized in association with the stock option awards amounted to thousand, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total tax benefit recognized related to the stock option expense was thousand, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was thousand of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 Restricted stock awards are granted at the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant. Employee restricted stock awards generally vest over in equal portions beginning on or about the first anniversary date of the restricted stock award or are performance based restricted stock awards that vest upon the Company achieving certain predefined performance objectives. Non-employee director restricted stock awards generally vest over in equal portions beginning on or about the first anniversary date of the restricted stock award. 
 
 Four-year vesting Performance-based vesting Total restricted stock awards Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 The restricted stock awards allow for the non-forfeitable receipt of dividends, and the voting of all shares, whether or not vested, throughout the vesting periods at the same proportional level as common shares outstanding. 
 
 Upon vesting, restricted stock awards may be net settled to cover payment for employee tax obligations, resulting in shares of common stock being reacquired by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company paid thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively, to net settle the vesting of restricted stock awards to cover employee tax obligations. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Vested/released Forfeited Unvested December 31, 2022 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense recognized in association with the restricted stock awards amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total tax benefit recognized related to restricted stock award compensation expense was thousand, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there remained million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested (based on grant date fair value) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Stock in Lieu of Directors' Fees 
 
 In addition to the restricted stock awards discussed above, non-employee members of the Company's Board may opt to receive newly issued shares of the Company's common in stock in lieu of cash compensation for attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings. These shares are valued based on the Company's average quarterly close and are issued in January of the following year. 
 
 Stock in lieu of directors' fees expense was thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented shares issued in January of 2023, compared to thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented shares issued in January of 2022, and thousand for the year ended December 31, 2020, which represented shares issued in January of 2021. The total tax benefit recognized related to the stock in lieu of directors' fees for meeting attendance was thousand for both of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and thousand, for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 (15) 
 State Total current expense Deferred benefit: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Tax-exempt income, net of disallowance ) ) ) Bank-owned life insurance income, net ) ) ) Tax (benefit) expense from stock compensation ) ) Other Total income tax expense Effective income tax rate 
 
 Depreciation Net unrealized losses on equity securities Net unrealized losses on debt securities Supplemental employee retirement plans Deferred compensation and benefits Non-accrual interest Stock-based compensation expense Lease liability Deferred fees on PPP loans Other Total Deferred tax liability: Goodwill Net unrealized gains on equity securities Net unrealized gains on debt securities Deferred origination costs Lease ROU asset Other Total Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Management believes based upon positive historical and expected future earnings that it is more likely than not the Company will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax asset existing at December 31, 2022. However, factors beyond management's control, such as the general state of the economy, can affect future levels of taxable income and there can be no assurances that sufficient taxable income will be generated to fully realize the deferred tax assets in the future. 
 
 The Company paid total income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 have unrecognized tax benefits accrued as income tax liabilities or receivables or as deferred tax items at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company is generally subject to examinations by taxing authorities for prior three tax years. In addition, the Company's income tax returns for the 2015 and 2016 tax years, as amended in 2019, are also subject to examination by taxing authorities. 
 
 The Company invests in qualified affordable housing projects as a limited partner. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized thousand in Federal Low Income Housing tax credits and thousand for both of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there are remaining tax credits related to these Federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit program expected to be realized. 

(16) 
 
 Dilutive shares Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 
 There were , and stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that were determined to be anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the calculation of dilutive shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These stock options, which were not dilutive at that date, may potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. 
 
 The Company issues stock options and restricted stock awards to officers and other employees and restricted stock awards and stock compensation in lieu of cash fees to non-employee directors. The restricted stock awards allow for the non-forfeitable receipt of dividends, and the voting of all shares, whether or not vested, throughout the vesting periods at the same proportional level as common shares outstanding. The unvested restricted stock awards are the Company's only participating securities and are included in shares outstanding. Unvested participating restricted awards amounted to shares and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(17) 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Equity securities FHLB stock Interest-rate swaps Assets measured on a non-recurring basis: Individually evaluated loans (collateral dependent) 
 Liabilities measured on a recurring basis: Interest-rate swaps RPA sold 
 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using: (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets measured on a recurring basis: Debt securities Equity securities FHLB stock Interest-rate swaps Assets measured on a non-recurring basis: Individually evaluated loans (collateral dependent) Liabilities measured on a recurring basis: Interest-rate swaps 
 
 The Company did not transfer any assets between the fair value measurement levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 All of the Company's debt securities are considered "available-for-sale" and are carried at fair value. The debt security category above may include federal agency obligations, U.S. treasury securities, commercial and residential federal agency MBS, municipal securities, corporate bonds, and CDs, as held at those dates. The Company utilizes third-party pricing vendors to provide valuations on its debt securities. Fair values provided by the vendors were generally determined based upon pricing matrices utilizing observable market data inputs for similar or benchmark securities in active markets and/or based on a matrix pricing methodology which employs The Bond Market Association's standard calculations for cash flow and price/yield analysis, live benchmark bond pricing and terms/condition data available from major pricing sources. Therefore, management regards the inputs and methods used by third-party pricing vendors to be "Level 2 inputs and methods" as defined in the "fair value hierarchy." The Company periodically obtains a second price from an impartial third-party on debt securities to assess the reasonableness of prices provided by the primary independent pricing vendor. 
 
 The Company's equity securities portfolio fair value is measured based on quoted market prices for the shares; therefore, these securities are categorized as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 thousand at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the financial obligation or performance of a customer to a third party. The fair value of these commitments was estimated to be the fees charged to enter into similar agreements, and accordingly these fair value measures are deemed to be FASB Level 2 measurements. In accordance with the FASB, the estimated fair values of these commitments are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as a liability and amortized to income over the life of the letters of credit, which are typically . The estimated fair value of these commitments carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were deemed immaterial. 
 
 Interest-rate lock commitments related to the origination of mortgage loans that will be sold are considered derivative instruments. The commitments to sell loans are also considered derivative instruments. The Company generally does not pool mortgage loans for sale, but instead sells the loans on an individual basis. To reduce the net interest rate exposure arising from its loan sale activity, the Company enters into the commitment to sell these loans at essentially the same time that the interest-rate lock commitment is quoted on the origination of the loan. The Company estimates the fair value of these derivatives based on current secondary mortgage market prices. These commitments are accounted for in accordance with FASB guidance. The fair values of the Company's derivative instruments are deemed to be FASB Level 2 measurements. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the Company's interest-rate lock commitments and commitments to sell these mortgage loans were deemed immaterial. 
 
 Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments (1) 
 - 
 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. 

112 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Financial liabilities: CDs Borrowed funds Subordinated debt 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurement (Dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Inputs Level 2 Inputs Level 3 Inputs Financial assets: Loans, net Financial liabilities: CDs Borrowed funds Subordinated debt 
 
 Excluded from the tables above are certain financial instruments with carrying values that approximated their fair value at the dates indicated, as they were short-term in nature or payable on demand. These include cash and cash equivalents, accrued interest and non-term deposit accounts. The respective carrying values of these instruments would all be classified within Level 1 of their fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Also excluded from these tables are the fair values of commitments for unused portions of lines of credit and commitments to originate loans that were short-term, at current market rates and estimated to have no significant change in fair value. 
 
 (18) 
 Cash paid for: income taxes Cash paid for: lease liability Supplemental schedule of non-cash activity: Transfer from loans to other real estate owned ROU lease assets: operating leases (1) 
 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents net new right of use ("ROU") lease assets added in the periods indicated. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (19) 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Liabilities Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued 
 Common stock par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 Dividends distributed by subsidiaries Total income Interest expense Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Income before income taxes Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Net income 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Payment from subsidiary bank for stock compensation expense Changes in: Net decrease (increase) in other assets ) Net increase(decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in subsidiary ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of subordinated debt ) Proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt Cash dividends paid, net of dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net settlement for employee tax withholding on restricted stock and options ) ) ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year 
 
 The Parent Company's Statements of Comprehensive Income and Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity are identical to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity and therefore are not presented here. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses for loans totaled 52.6 million as of December 31, 2022. The general reserve for larger groups of homogeneous loans collectively evaluated is evaluated on a pool basis. The Company has segmented the loan portfolio for groups of loans with similar risk characteristics by 1) loan type for pass-rated loans and 2) by internal risk rating for adversely classified loans not individually evaluated. The general reserve is comprised of a quantitative reserve based on the Company s historical loss experience, a qualitative reserve based on management s evaluation of several judgmental qualitative or environmental factors, and economic forecasts over the estimated life of the loan pools. The qualitative or environmental factors used by the Company include considerations such as commercial concentrations by industry, property type and real estate location; the growth and composition of the loan portfolio; the growth and composition of the loan portfolio; trends in risk classification of individual loans and higher risk problem assets; the level of delinquent loans and non-performing loans; individually evaluated and restructured loans; the level of foreclosure activity; net charge-offs; and trends in the general levels of these indicators. In addition, the Company monitors expansion in the geographic market area; the experience level of lenders and any changes in underwriting criteria; and general conditions and development markets in the Company's local region as well as changes in the current and forecasted economic conditions, such as changes in gross domestic product, the unemployment rate and new jobs created, real estate values, commercial vacancy rates, recession risk estimates and other relevant economic factors. The 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Company generally uses a two-year reasonable and supportable forecast, and for periods beyond the forecast period, reverts to historical loss rates. The evaluation and measurement of the qualitative or environmental and economic forecasts requires management to apply a high degree of judgment and involves assumptions that are sensitive to change, for which future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary. 
 
 We identified the qualitative component of the general reserve for loans collectively evaluated in the allowance for credit losses for loans as a critical audit matter because auditing the underlying qualitative or environmental factors and economic forecasts used in establishing the general reserve involved a high degree of auditor judgment given the high degree of subjectivity exercised by management. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s evaluation and establishment of the qualitative component of the general reserve for loans collectively evaluated in the allowance for credit losses for loans included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the qualitative or environmental factors and economic forecasts applied to the general reserve for loans collectively evaluated in the allowance for credit losses for loans and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative or environmental factors and economic forecasts, including the data used in determining the qualitative or environmental factors and economic forecasts. 
 We tested management s process and significant judgments in the evaluation and establishment of the qualitative or environmental factors and economic forecasts used in the general reserve for loans collectively evaluated in the allowance for credit losses for loans, which included: 
 Validating the source of information used by management by comparing to the relevant internal or external information from which it was derived, as well as testing the completeness and accuracy of the source data used by management. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the qualitative or environmental factors and the correlation to potential losses by evaluating the adjustments in terms of magnitude and directional consistency based on the data utilized in the determination of the qualitative or environmental factors. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of management s indicators of current and forecasted economic factors, which include changes in gross domestic product, the unemployment rate and new jobs created, real estate values, commercial vacancy rates, recession risk estimates, among others, by comparing these forecasts to external and internal information sources. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

March 8, 2023 

117 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Enterprise Bancorp, Inc.'s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 8, 2023 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or furnishes to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and Board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, however, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatement. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 The Company's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the 2013 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework." Based on management's assessment, the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. 
 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which appears on page 118 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no significant changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (i.e., the three months ended December 31, 2022) that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Part III 

Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. 
 
 The information required in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2, 2023, which it expects to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. For additional information on availability of the Company's corporate governance guidelines, see the section titled "Company Website," contained in Item 1, "Business," of this Form 10-K. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K above. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 None (information included in consolidated financial statements) 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. and Description 
 
 3.1.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Organization of the Company, as amended as of June 4, 2013 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2013 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 3.1.2 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Organization of the Company, as amended as of May 16, 2017 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2017 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 3.1.3 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Organization of the Company, as amended January 5, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 11, 2018 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended as of January 19, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 4.1 Renewal Rights Agreement dated as of December 11, 2007 by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent, including Terms of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Summary of Rights to Purchase Shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and Form of Rights Certificate attached as Exhibits A, B and C thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2007 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to Renewal Rights Agreement dated as of January 5, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 11, 2018 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 4.3 Description of the Company's Common Stock Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 4.4 Description of the Company's Preferred Share Purchase Rights Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2020, by and between Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2020 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 4.6 Form of Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Note due July 15, 2030 (included as Exhibit A-2 to the Indenture incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 hereto). 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company ' s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 17, 2006 (Reg. No. 333-136700) . 
 
 10.2.1 Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005 by and between the Bank and George L. Duncan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2005, as amended by Form 8-K/A filed on February 23, 2006 (File No. 333-79135). 
 
 10.2.2 Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005 by and between the Bank and Richard W. Main, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2005, as amended by Form 8-K/A filed on February 23, 2006 (File No. 333-79135). 
 
 10.3.1 First Amendment dated as of December 19, 2008 to Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005 by and between the Bank and George L. Duncan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 24, 2008 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.3.2 First Amendment dated as of December 19, 2008 to Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005 by and between the Bank and Richard W. Main, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 24, 2008 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.4.1 Change in Control/Noncompetition Agreement dated as of December 18, 2008 by and among the Company, the Bank and Stephen J. Irish, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.4.2 Change in Control/Noncompetition Agreement dated as of May 19, 2014 by and among the Company, the Bank and Joseph R. Lussier, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2019 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.5.1 Employment Agreement dated July 9, 2015 by and among the Company, the Bank and George L. Duncan , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2015 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.5.2 Employment Agreement dated July 9, 2015 by and among the Company, the Bank and Richard W. Main, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2015 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.5.3 Employment Agreement dated July 9, 2015 by and among the Company, the Bank and John P. Clancy, Jr. , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2015 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.6.1 Supplemental Life Insurance Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005 by and between the Bank and George L. Duncan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2005 (File No. 333-79135). 
 
 10.6.2 Supplemental Life Insurance Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005 by and between the Bank and Richard W. Main, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2005 (File No. 333-79135). 
 
 10.7.1 Enterprise Bank and Trust Company Supplemental Life Insurance Plan adopted April 5, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 (File No. 333-79135). 
 
 10.8.1 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended on May 1, 2012, June 16, 2015 and October 16, 2018 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2018 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 10.8.2 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended on October 16, 2018 , incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2018 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.8.3 Amendment No. 1 to the Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, dated January 19, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2021 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.9.1 Specimen Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement dated as of March 19, 2013 under Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2013 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.9.2 Specimen Restricted Stock Agreement under Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2014 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.10.1 Specimen 2019 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended , incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2019 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 10.10.2 Specimen 2019 Restricted Stock Agreement under Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended , incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2019 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 10.10.3 Specimen 2019 Director Restricted Stock Agreement under Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended , incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2019 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 10.10.4 Specimen Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2020 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.11.1.1 Enterprise Bank and Trust Company 2020 Variable Compensation Inventive Plan , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2020 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.11.1.2 Amendment to the Enterprise Bank and Trust Company 2020 Variable Compensation Inventive Plan , incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2020 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.11.2 Enterprise Bank and Trust Company 2021 Variable Compensation Incentive Plan , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2021 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.11.3 Enterprise Bank and Trust Company 202 2 Variable Compensation Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18 , 202 2 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.12 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. Annual Executive Incentive Plan , incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated April 3, 2017, and filed on April 3, 2017 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.13 Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to the section of the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on August 13, 2020 (Reg. No. 333-219879) , appearing under the heading "The Plan." 
 
 10.14.1 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated January 30, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 10.14.2 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated July 7, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2020 (File No. 001-33912). 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 10.15.1 Enterprise Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2019 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 10.15.2 First Addendum to the Enterprise Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2019 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 10.15.3 Second Addendum to the Enterprise Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2020 (File No.001-33912). 
 
 10.15.4 Third Addendum to the Enterprise Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2021 (File no. 001-33912). 
 
 10.15.5 Fourth Addendum to the Enterprise Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18 , 202 2 (File no. 001-33912). 
 
 21.0 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23.0 Consent of RSM US LLP. 
 
 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer under Securities and Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a). 
 
 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer under Securities and Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a). 
 
 32.0 Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial officer under 18 U.S.C 1350 furnished pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(b). 
 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: The following materials from Enterprise Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 were formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
 (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and 
 (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 (b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 
 The exhibits listed above either have been previously filed and are incorporated herein by reference to the applicable prior filing or are filed herewith. 
 
 (c) Additional Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 None. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ENTERPRISE BANCORP, INC. March 8, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph R. Lussier Joseph R. Lussier Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ George L. Duncan Chairman March 8, 2023 George L. Duncan /s/ Kenneth S. Ansin Director March 8, 2023 Kenneth S. Ansin /s/ Gino J. Baroni Director March 8, 2023 Gino J. Baroni /s/ John P. Clancy, Jr. Director, Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 John P. Clancy, Jr. /s/ John R. Clementi Director March 8, 2023 John R. Clementi /s/ James F. Conway, III Lead Director, Vice Chairman March 8, 2023 James F. Conway, III /s/ Carole A. Cowan Director March 8, 2023 Carole A. Cowan /s/ Normand E. Deschene Director March 8, 2023 Normand E. Deschene /s/ John T. Grady, Jr. Director March 8, 2023 John T. Grady, Jr. /s/ Mary Jane King Director March 8, 2023 Mary Jane King /s/ John A. Koutsos Director, Secretary March 8, 2023 John A. Koutsos 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Joseph C. Lerner Director March 8, 2023 Joseph C. Lerner /s/ Shelagh E. Mahoney Director March 8, 2023 Shelagh E. Mahoney /s/ Richard W. Main Director, President March 8, 2023 Richard W. Main /s/ Jacqueline F. Moloney Director March 8, 2023 Jacqueline F. Moloney /s/ Michael T. Putziger Director March 8, 2023 Michael T. Putziger /s/ Carol L. Reid Director March 8, 2023 Carol L. Reid /s/ Nickolas Stavropoulos Director March 8, 2023 Nickolas Stavropoulos /s/ Anita R. Worden Director March 8, 2023 Anita R. Worden /s/ Joseph R. Lussier Executive Vice President, Chief March 8, 2023 Joseph R. Lussier Financial Officer and Treasurer /s/ Michael K. Sullivan Accounting Director March 8, 2023 Michael K. Sullivan 
 125 

<EX-21>
 2
 ebtc12312210kex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.0 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Subsidiary State of Jurisdiction Business Name Enterprise Bank and Trust Company Massachusetts Enterprise Bank Enterprise Wealth Services LLC Delaware Enterprise Wealth Services Enterprise Insurance Services LLC Delaware Enterprise Insurance Services Enterprise Security Corporation Massachusetts Same Enterprise Security Corporation (II) Massachusetts Same Enterprise Security Corporation (III) Massachusetts Same 
 
 Direct subsidiary of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 
 Direct subsidiary of Enterprise Bank and Trust Company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ebtc12312210kex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-256003, No. 333-213799, No. 333-184089, No. 333-159006) on Form S-8, the Registration Statement (No. 333-245656) on Form S-3, the Registration Statement (No. 333-245579) on Form S-3 A, and the Registration Statement (No. 333-245669) on Form S-4 A of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. of our reports dated March 8, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ebtc123122-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, John P. Clancy, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 8, 2023 s John P. Clancy, Jr. John P. Clancy, Jr. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ebtc123122-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, Joseph R. Lussier, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 8, 2023 s Joseph R. Lussier Joseph R. Lussier Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ebtc123122-ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER 18 U.S.C. 1350 FURNISHED PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended on December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in his respective capacities indicated below, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge and belief, (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 8, 2023 
 
 s John P. Clancy, Jr. John P. Clancy, Jr. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Joseph R. Lussier Joseph R. Lussier Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. and will be retained by Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ebtc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ebtc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ebtc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ebtc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ebtc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

